Autos Jobs Real Estate eNewspaper Subscribe Sign In Retail Home Local Houston Bayou City History Education Campus Chronicles Hall Pass Texas HC Investigations Narco Confidential Texas Take Transportation Prognosis Planet Texas Neighborhoods The Observation Post Native Texan Obituaries Gray Matters Politics Houston Politics & Policy Texas Politics Texas Take Election 2016 U.S. & World Politics & Policy Politifact Texas Quorum Report US & World US News World News Space Science & Environment Politics & Policy Video Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo & Dash College Sports HS Sports Inside Houston Sports Outdoors More Sports Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Business Energy Real Estate Deal of the Week Outside the Boardroom Houston BizFeed Business People Medical Retail Technology Personal Finance Top Workplaces Chronicle 100 Bloomberg Opinion Editorials Outlook Letters to the Editor Columnists Corrections Arts & Entertainment Books Movies & TV Music, Theater & Fine Arts Rodeo Restaurants & Bars Top 100 Restaurants Comics & Games Flavor Restaurants & Bars Food & Cooking Wine, Beer & Spirits Barbecue Top 100 Restaurants Essays Recipes Lifestyle Escapes Healthy Living Home & Garden Religion & Life Passages Society Style Luxe Life Calle Houston ENewspaper Special Sections 55 Minutes 115: Houston history Chronicle 100 Cold cases Chemical Breakdown: Hidden dangers Denied: Special education in Texas DuPont Investigation HCC Investigation Jailhouse Jeopardy The Million Swamped: Houston-area flooding The Tank: Transgender inmates starting over Texas Sex Offenders Top 100 Restaurants Uncovered: A health care crisis More Special Sections Podcasts Bring It to Jerome Looped In Texas Take: The Podcast Puzzles & Games Newsletters Archive Target locked in game of shipping tag with Wal-Mart, Amazon Anne D'innocenzio, Associated Press May 17, 2017 Photo: Gene J. Puskar, STF Image 1of/3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 This May 3, 2017, photo shows a Target logo on a store in Upper Saint Clair, Pa. Target Corp. reports earnings, Wednesday, May 17, 2017. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar) This May 3, 2017, photo shows a Target logo on a store in Upper Saint Clair, Pa. Target Corp. reports earnings, Wednesday, May 17, 2017. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar) Photo: Gene J. Puskar, STF Image 2 of 3 This Wednesday, Aug. 17, 2016, photo, shows the entrance for a Target store, in North Miami Beach, Fla. Target Corp. reports earnings, Wednesday, May 17, 2017. (AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee) This Wednesday, Aug. 17, 2016, photo, shows the entrance for a Target store, in North Miami Beach, Fla. Target Corp. reports earnings, Wednesday, May 17, 2017. (AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee) Photo: Wilfredo Lee, STF Image 3 of 3 Famny Rojas of Stamford, Conn., shops in a Target and checks competitors' pricing online before making her TV purchase in November. ﻿ Famny Rojas of Stamford, Conn., shops in a Target and checks competitors' pricing online before making her TV purchase in November. ﻿ Photo: Matthew Brown, Staff Photographer Target locked in game of shipping tag with Wal-Mart, Amazon 1 / 3 Back to Gallery NEW YORK - Target, Wal-Mart and Amazon are engaged in a game of shipping tag, each trying to adjust their free threshold and other shipping strategies to a level that can lure shoppers away from one of the other. Minneapolis-based Target has the furthest to go as it tries to put itself in better competition with Amazon, the undisputed online leader, and Wal-Mart, which has been buying online startups to beef up its own operations. Target has announced plans to put more money into both its online operations and its stores, and saw it online sales rise 22 percent for the first quarter. That was a slowdown from 34 percent in the fourth quarter, though but it beat estimates, bucking the trend of gloomy results from bellwether U.S. retailers. Its first-quarter profit jumped almost 8 percent to $681 million, and its shares rose nearly 1 percent to settle at $55.04. With shoppers overall less and less willing to wait for their items to arrive, figuring out a shipping strategy that will encourage people to buy more and also drive shoppers to its stores will be a key element for Target. Amazon "has a model of getting shoppers to order and having it show up in two days and is working to make it less than two days," said Tim Laseter, a partner at PwC. "There is no doubt that the general expectation is faster and cheaper." Translator To read this article in one of Houston's most-spoken languages, click on the button below. Business Halliburton names new CEO effective June 1 Bee industry buzzing: Stolen hives recovered in California Right-wing radio host retracts Chobani claims to resolve lawsuit Another round of premium hikes: blame Trump or Obama? After more than 20 years in Angleton, Benchmark Electronics HQ Why this year's college grads aren't chasing jobs at startup But he noted that Target and Wal-Mart can take advantage of their stores in this game as they increasingly cater to customers. Target has been pushing on a lot of fronts, from readjusting free shipping thresholds to planning to test a new same-day service at a store in Manhattan. "We believe that the future of retail is both digital and physical, and successful retailers will need to provide an outstanding experience in both," chief operating officer John Mulligan told investors on Wednesday. Target had quietly raised its free shipping threshold to $35 from $25 this month, going in the opposite direction of Wal-Mart and Amazon. Asked about that move Wednesday, chief financial officer Kathy R. Smith said that very few online orders are below $35. But she said, "We will always evaluate." Wal-Mart had lowered its bar to $35 from $50 earlier this year and scrapped its program called SavingsPass that offered free shipping but had an annual fee. It also cut its shipping time to two days on 2 million of its most popular items, including essentials like diapers and pet food as well as some toys and electronics. Wal-Mart's average shipping time has been three to five days. For Amazon's non-Prime members, the shipping time is five to eight days. Typical Target deliveries arrive in three to six days. Houston It's shaping up as a key showdown day in Texas Legislature Medical Big health gains in Medicaid expansion states elude Texas' poor Astros In fitting tribute to Fernandez, McCullers stymies Marlins Lifestyle Minefaire brings 'Minecraft' to life in Houston Top About Our Company Ad Choices Careers Terms of Use Advertising Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your California Privacy Rights Contact Subscribe eNewspaper Archives Customer Service Frequently Asked Questions Newsroom Contacts Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Google+ Connect © 2017 Hearst Newspapers, LLC.
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Girls Water Polo Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Volleyball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Golf Boys Tennis Boys Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Television Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Look inside small Whitehall Wal-Mart with big sporting goods section Print Email Justine McGuire | justine_mcguire@mlive.com By Justine McGuire | justine_mcguire@mlive.com The Muskegon Chronicle Follow on Twitter on May 16, 2017 at 4:27 PM, updated May 17, 2017 at 9:52 AM comments Small Wal-Mart to open with expanded sporting goods section WHITEHALL TOWNSHIP, MI - The Whitehall Township Wal-Mart is smaller than most, but It's contents have been tailored to the community.  Although it's just 126,000 square feet - compared to 180,000-190,000 square feet at other Muskegon-area Wal-Mart stores - the store has full produce, deli and bakery offerings along with a full selection of other grocery items.   More significantly, the store manager worked with Wal-Mart corporate to make sure other departments were tailored to the needs of the White Lake area and visitors.  "We really looked at what's important to the community," said Matt Jones, store manager.  That means an expanded sporting goods section that's akin to a "mini Cabela's," he said.   The department has about three times the amount of camping gear as other Muskegon County Wal-Marts. It offers a full line of Sun Dolphin kayaks, which are manufactured in Muskegon. The fishing aisle is equipped with the right stuff to go after any fish one might find in White Lake or Lake Michigan. There's also a full selection of firearms and ammunition.   Whitehall Wal-Mart to open mid-May after year of construction There's also a full scale crafts and sewing section, an automotive department, clothing, home goods, office, outdoor decor, garden, toys, power tools, electronics and more.  The store also features an updated look with new signage, gray polished floors (rather than brown), updated color schemes and lower profile displays for easier access in many departments.  The store is lit with LED light bulbs, and most of its refrigerated and frozen foods are in closed cases for energy efficiency.  So far, the Whitehall Township store has 210 employees, 160 of which are new to the company, Jones said. Hiring began in January, and every associate received 30-60 days of training at established Muskegon County Wal-Mart stores on Sherman Boulevard and Henry Street.   Whitehall Wal-Mart accepting applications for 200 positions The store at 2755 W. Holton-Whitehall Road will open to shoppers shortly after 8 a.m. on Wednesday, May 17. The store will be open 24 hours a day, with more limited hours for the auto center, photo lab, money center, optical center and pharmacy. Construction began on May 25, 2016. It signaled the end of a long, pre-construction legal battle between the Bentonville, Ark.-based company and a local group calling itself BOW NOT -- Back Off Wal-Mart, Not Our Town.   BOW NOT and those who filed the lawsuit -- not all of them close neighbors of the proposed development -- claimed the township's approval of Wal-Mart in August 2013 injured them in several ways.   Construction of controversial Wal-Mart in Whitehall Township underway "Overall, we need to look at this as an opportunity for both Montague and Whitehall and the surrounding area," said Amy VanLoon, White Lake Chamber of Commerce executive director, in a previous statement. "This is a community that has such great potential and by working together, and adjusting to change, we can all help build a strong, vibrant and resilient community."  Wal-Mart has more than 33,000 employees in Michigan, according to the release. During 2016, the company promoted 5,800 associates in the state, and 3,185 were converted from part-time to full-time.   Michigan Prom Prom 2017: Photos from celebrations across Michigan Vote for the best dressed from proms across Michigan - Week 5 Michigan's Best Tell us your favorite Michigan Craft Distilleries, craft cocktails Guide to the craft distilleries of Michigan Holland, Muskegon next on our tour of Michigan Craft Distilleries Distillery partners with breweries for "Beer City Whisky" release More Michigan's Best » Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Subscribe on YouTube Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Girls Water Polo Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Volleyball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Golf Boys Tennis Boys Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Television Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments New Whitehall Wal-Mart sees huge turnout for grand opening Print Email Meagan Beck | mbeck@mlive.com By Meagan Beck | mbeck@mlive.com The Muskegon Chronicle Email the author | Follow on Twitter on May 17, 2017 at 4:45 PM comments WHITEHALL TOWNSHIP, MI -- For the grand opening of the Whitehall Township Wal-Mart, store manager Matt Jones said about 300 people were outside at 8 a.m., waiting to shop. The new super center at 2755 W. Holton-Whitehall Road opened for business at 8:30 a.m. Wednesday, May 17. Look inside small Whitehall Wal-Mart with big sporting goods section For the grand opening, an Oscar Meyer Wiener mobile was in the parking lot, Miss Michigan 2016 was handing out samples and Tony the Tiger was available for photo opportunities. Jones said there will also be several events on Saturday and Sunday to celebrate the opening.  He said many customers have expressed how excited they are to have the store in their community.  Carol Heykoop of Shelby said she would have to go to Ludington or Muskegon to do her grocery shopping. While there are smaller retailers nearby, Heykoop said she thinks they're more expensive. "Now they haven't seemed to be stocking shelves and whatnot like they should so you're selection is very limited," she said.  The new Wal-Mart has full produce, deli and bakery offerings in addition to a full selection of other grocery items.   Jones told The Muskegon Chronicle he worked with Wal-Mart corporate to make sure other departments were made to reflect the needs of the White Lake-area and its visitors The sporting goods section is expanded and similar to a "mini Cabela's," Jones said.  Brandon White of Muskegon said he likes that the store sells guns, since many don't anymore.  "It'll be a lot nicer having (a Wal-Mart) this close instead of going all the way to the one on Sherman," White said. "It's a lot cheaper sometimes than Meijer is."  Another feature Jones said customers have enjoyed is the store's size. It is 126,000 square feet, while other Muskegon-area Wal-Mart stores are about 180,000-190,000 square feet. While it's smaller than others, there's a an automotive department, electronics, garden, full scale crafts and sewing section, clothing, home goods, office, outdoor decor, toys, power tools, and more.  The store will be open 24 hours a day, with more limited hours for the auto center, money center, optical center, photo lab and pharmacy. Michigan Prom Prom 2017: Photos from celebrations across Michigan Vote for the best dressed from proms across Michigan - Week 5 Michigan's Best Tell us your favorite Michigan Craft Distilleries, craft cocktails Guide to the craft distilleries of Michigan Holland, Muskegon next on our tour of Michigan Craft Distilleries Distillery partners with breweries for "Beer City Whisky" release More Michigan's Best » Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Subscribe on YouTube Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us כ"ב אייר תשע"ז  -  ל״ז בעומר   |   Wednesday, May 17, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Business Briefs – May 17, 2017 Business Briefs – May 17, 2017 Wednesday, May 17, 2017 at 10:13 pm | כ"א אייר תשע"ז Target Locked In Game of Shipping Tag With Wal-Mart, Amazon NEW YORK (AP) – Target, Wal-Mart and Amazon are locked in a game of shipping tag, each trying to adjust their free threshold and other shipping strategies to a level that can lure shoppers away from one another. Target has been testing new services but it has a long way to go to catch up to its rivals. Google Unveils Latest Tech Tricks As Computers Get Smarter MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. (AP) – Google’s computer programs are gaining a better understanding of the world, and now it wants them to handle more of the decision-making for the billions of people who use its services. CEO Sundar Pichai and other top executives brought Google’s audacious ambition into sharper focus Wednesday at an annual conference attended by more than 7,000 developers who design apps to work with its wide array of digital services. Among other things, Google unveiled new ways for its massive network of computers to identify images, as well as recommend, share, and organize photos. It also is launching an attempt to make its voice-controlled digital assistant more proactive and visual while expanding its audience to Apple’s iPhone, where it will try to outwit an older peer, Siri. The push marks another step toward infusing nearly all of Google’s products with some semblance of artificial intelligence — the concept of writing software that enables computers to gradually learn to think more like humans. Apple, Qualcomm Spat Intensifies; Manufacturers Drawn In SAN DIEGO& (AP) – Manufacturers that build Apple’s iPhone and iPad are being drawn in to an escalating dispute between the tech giant and the chipmaker Qualcomm. Qualcomm said Wednesday that it has filed a breach of contract complaint against Apple manufacturers who it says have been pressured by Apple not to pay royalties to Qualcomm for technology that it says it owns. Qualcomm Inc. has filed suit against FIH Mobile Ltd. and Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Pegatron Corp., Wistron Corp. and Compal Electronics Inc. It has filed a separate claim against Cupertino, California-based Apple, for interfering with the license agreements between Qualcomm and the manufacturers. Last month Apple Inc. began refusing to pay any royalties for some of the technology in the iPhone and is fighting Qualcomm in court. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has also filed a lawsuit alleging that Qualcomm has been imposing unfair licensing terms on manufacturers. San Diego-based Qualcomm depends on licensing fees for a large portion of its revenue. Business, Leisure Travelers Ponder Flying Without Lap NEW YORK (AP) – International air travelers might soon rediscover magazines, paperbacks and playing cards. Airline passengers have become hooked on their laptops and tablets to get work done or just kill time during long flights. But U.S. aviation-security officials appear determined to ban large electronic devices in the cabin of flights from Europe. Business travelers are worried about lost productivity, laptops in checked baggage being stolen or damaged, or even leaving the machine home if their employer won’t let them check it on a plane. Parents are pondering how to keep children occupied. Business travelers are keenly interested in the outcome. Michael McCormick, executive director of the Global Business Travel Association, said he believes the threat identified by security officials is real, but the laptop ban will hurt business travel, at least in the short term. Print Email Gmail Related Apple, Qualcomm Spat Intensifies; Manufacturers Drawn In Business Briefs – January 22, 2017 Business Briefs – March 23, 2017 Business Briefs – January 31, 2017 Business Briefs – January 25, 2016 More in Business Banks Tighten Auto Lending as More Borrowers Fall Into Default What Amazon Could Do to the Business of Selling Prescription Drugs Stocks, Bond Yields Drop Washington Turmoil Rattles Markets Apple, Qualcomm Spat Intensifies; Manufacturers Drawn In U.S. Household Debt Tops Pre-Recession Peak OP-ED Lessons From A Massive Ransomware Attack Misrepresenting Israel POTUS and the Piñata Not or Knot? A Political Ax Murder The Birth of American Nationalism The Friend of My Enemy Defining the Terrorist Threat A Sinkhole Sounds a Nuclear Warning Even as It Takes Shape, Trumpcare’s a Sure Bet to Beat Obamacare A Matter of Influence The Firing of James Comey Let the Ears Hear What the Mouth Is Saying The Only Thing That Matters Features Nichum Aveilim 21 Iyar/May 17 This Day In History 21 Iyar/May 17 What Color Is English? ID Required Sudoku – May 17, 2017 World of Wonders – May 16, 2017 The Odd Side – May 16, 2017 This Day In History 20 Iyar/May 16 Nichum Aveilim 20 Iyar/May 16 Editorial Cartoon – May 16, 2017 Sudoku – May 16, 2017 Circular Reasoning This Day In History 19 Iyar/May 15 Nichum Aveilim 19 Iyar/May 15 Weather » Brooklyn 84°F Clear See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 6,011.24 -158.63 (-2.57%) S&P 500 2,357.03 -43.64 (-1.82%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.8956 GBP 0.7705 ILS 3.6099 CHF 0.9785 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 75° Full Menu 75° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us Walmart has submitted plans to Horry County for a new store on U.S. 17 in Little River across from Nelson Road. JASON LEE jlee@thesunnews.com Walmart has submitted plans to Horry County for a new store on U.S. 17 in Little River across from Nelson Road. JASON LEE jlee@thesunnews.com Local January 13, 2016 4:53 PM Wal-Mart plans submitted for Little River location By Audrey Hudson ahudson@thesunnews.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Wal-Mart has submitted plans to Horry County to build a new store in Little River on U.S. 17 Bypass adjacent to the Glen Dornoch Golf Links. The property is an undeveloped wooded area owned by Burroughs & Chapin Co. Inc., according to county records.   A Wal-Mart spokesperson did not return a request for comment on the timeline for the store’s opening, how many jobs would be created, or whether the proposed building that measures nearly 159,000 square feet will be a superstore. Plans were also submitted to Horry County for a traffic study, and would determine whether a stop light should be installed at Nelson Road across from the proposed store. David Schwerd, principal planner for Horry County, said the golf course would not be impacted by the development. “There will be no change at all in access to the golf course, it will remain operational,” Schwerd said. There are seven Wal-Mart supercenters in the Myrtle Beach area; Seaboard Street, the intersection of U.S. 17 Bypass and S.C. 544, Garden City Connector, Kings Road, Carolina Forest area, Conway, and North Myrtle Beach. Hudson can be reached at 843-444-1765 Twitter: @AudreyHudson Walmart has submitted plans to Horry County for a new store on U.S. 17 in Little River across from Nelson Road. JASON LEE jlee@thesunnews.com Walmart has submitted plans to Horry County for a new store on U.S. 17 in Little River across from Nelson Road. JASON LEE jlee@thesunnews.com 1 of 2 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 hours ago St. James girls memorialized at service after Bay Road crash 0:38 3 hours ago St. James girls memorialized at service after Bay Road crash 1:38 9 hours ago Teacher of the Year award given to Pee Dee Elementary School teacher 0:46 a day ago Bikers party at SBB as Spring Bike Rally kicks into gear View More Video Local Myrtle Beach weather forecast for May 18 Myrtle Beach seeks a manager for its long-awaited performing arts center County keeps questionable ‘recreation’ fund, then raises fees on local residents ‘The toughest thing I’ve had to deal with as a teacher:’ Students memorialized at service What goes into being named Teacher of the Year? Local Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 30 mins S&P 500 2,357.03 -43.64 (-1.82%) Dow 30 20,606.93 -372.82 (-1.78%) Nasdaq 6,011.24 -158.63 (-2.57%) Amazon almost crushed me, and I'm not even a retailer: CEO Op-ed Ravin Gandhi, CEO and founder of GMM Nonstick Coatings CNBC May 17, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Getty Images. Amazon is killing retailers, but manufacturers whose products end up being sold in chain stores are also having to remake business models to survive.More It's no secret that Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) is flat-out murdering brick-and-mortar retailers with low prices and killer convenience. Amazon's market capitalization has now eclipsed the combined valuations of Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE: WMT), Target (NYSE: TGT), Costco (NASDAQ: COST), Macy's (NYSE: M) and Kohl's (NYSE: KSS). And then there are the former greats clinging to their last scraps of market cap, like J.C. Penney (NYSE: JCP) and Sears (NASDAQ: SHLD), more victims of Jeff Bezos' online retail juggernaut. But the downward pricing pressure from Amazon has massive ripple effects to upstream manufacturing vendors like my company, GMM Nonstick Coatings. GMM is one of the world's largest suppliers of nonstick coatings to the $9 billion American housewares industry. GMM's clients are iconic brands like Calphalon, Farberware, KitchenAid, Oster, Wilton and George Foreman, all of whom previously sold most of their goods to brick-and-mortar retailers like Wal-Mart. However, these days sales are exponentially moving online and to Amazon. The big impact to GMM is obviously on pricing. GMM's raw materials are driven by the prices of commodities like oil, silicon and other polymers. In the past, when raw-material prices spiked, we raised prices. But with the rise of Amazon, any price increase risks elimination as a vendor because of crushing algorithmic competition. So what does it take to succeed in the Amazon era of unbelievably low prices that are only headed down? Below are the tactics that GMM has used to continue to thrive: 1. No matter where you are in the supply chain, you better innovate like Bezos. GMM employs 50 highly educated R&D scientists who are phenomenal at creating innovative ways to push costs down while bringing quality up. To pull off this magic trick, GMM invests in the best and brightest people, a decision that gives us a clear edge versus some other competitors, who are "me too" suppliers that only try to copy existing technology. Our largest clients (all multibillion-dollar conglomerates who have sophisticated purchasing departments) don't just require low prices today; they want to see three-year plans promising further reductions so they know they won't be eliminated by Amazon's relentless pricing algorithms. 2. Know that last year's low-cost manufacturing information is worthless. Most American housewares companies source their cookware, bakeware and appliances from overseas factories in China and Mexico because of price arbitrage. As a result, GMM has a number of overseas factories so we can make fast, local deliveries. However, in the Amazon era, our clients consistently come to us asking what countries are emerging as high-quality, low-cost locations — and you better have smart answers. For instance, GMM proactively built a multimillion-dollar factory in India in 2012, because we knew how much intellectual capital was available locally. At the time, competitors thought we were crazy because India had infrastructure problems and was not seen as a credible alternative to China. But we knew these issues would be solved, and they were. Today GMM's India plant is growing by more than 100 percent annually because (believe it or not) China has been priced out by many American manufacturers and because GMM's technology is designed to solve client problems. 3. Creative marketing is a necessity. Ten years ago components like nonstick coatings were almost invisible to the consumer because of the power of the client brand (i.e. consumers trusted Calphalon or KitchenAid and didn't really care who supplied the coating as long as it worked well). However, in the Amazon era, competition in every niche category has exploded, and clients want their coatings to be platforms that hook consumers with short bullet points about differentiation. More from iCONIC How Disney's Bob Iger pitched a $7 billion deal on his first day Lessons on transferring success and wealth from Buffett's star stock pickers The crucial decision Elon Musk made when he was flat broke As a result, GMM designs and markets our coatings around key performance attributes that help our clients win at retail (i.e. longer lasting, better warranty, cooler colors, etc). This "claims- based" marketing strategy allows us to further enhance our competitive advantage in a tough landscape that's only getting harder. Read More 4. A speedy response to client needs will keep you from being killed. Wal-Mart's dominance was analog; Amazon's ascendance is wholly digital. Communication moves instantly, and sophisticated purchasing managers need speed like they need oxygen. If they don't get it, their organization will die. Product quality, precision, service and cost is just the ante; if you want to win the game today, you have to be fast. GMM has evolved into an organization that can respond to the most complex client requests in a short period of time, which helps our customers iterate and get new goods to retail faster than slower competitors. In business, as in sports, speed kills. 5. To survive, you need massive scale. Even though GMM is one of the largest companies in our industry, winning in the Amazon era requires true global reach. As an entrepreneur, it's hard to compete with multinationals who have almost limitless resources. In order to jump-start global expansion, six months ago I sold GMM Nonstick Coatings to a $7 billion Japanese conglomerate, SDK, who views the company as a platform for further acquisitions. Was it a hard decision to sell the business I founded 10 years ago? Sure, but this deal actually makes my life as a CEO easier because GMM can extract huge synergy, leveraging multibillion-dollar resources. Is Amazon making business harder? Of course. Am I complaining? Not a chance. Business is supposed to be difficult, and competitors who can't evolve will be selected for extinction by a beautiful force called capitalism. My family purchases almost everything we need from the Amazon mobile app (on average, we receive 10 to 15 shipments per week). My kids (who are six and four) think Amazon is a magic button on your phone that causes whatever you want to be instantly delivered to your door. But the reality is, it takes a heck of a lot of work behind the scenes to meet the low prices and high-quality standards that American consumers demand. — By Ravin Gandhi, CEO of GMM Nonstick Coatings and a member of the CNBC-YPO Chief Executive Network . Gandhi is also a VC investor and has invested in technology companies KeyMe, Ampsy, Tred, Lettrs and Hester Biosciences. Follow him on Twitter @RavinGandhi1. About YPO CNBC and YPO have formed an exclusive editorial partnership consisting of regional "Chief Executive Networks" in the Americas, EMEA and Asia-Pacific. These Chief Executive Networks are made up of a sample of YPO's global network of 24,000 top executives from 120 countries who are on the front lines of the economy and run companies that collectively generate $6 trillion in annual revenue. More From CNBC These women aim to tackle global problems — and make money doing it Millennials to employers on job needs: Pay me, promote me. That's all. Disney CEO Bob Iger reveals his wonderful world of corporate wisdom Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Hurry! Neon Nintendo Switch is in stock right now on Amazon BGR News Amazon just launched a new version of its wildly popular $50 tablet Business Insider The wireless over-ear headphones that beat Beats are back on sale on Amazon BGR News Amazon is hiring people to break into the multibillion-dollar pharmacy market CNBC.com Google Wifi is now the best-selling mesh wireless system on Amazon BGR News Senator Warren: Republicans have locked us out of health care reform talks Yahoo Finance 'Imagine Jackie Robinson happened today': SportsCenter chief on ESPN's politics Yahoo Finance In-N-Out just lost its title as America's favorite burger chain Business Insider AT&T and DirecTV face thousands of complaints linked to overcharging, promotions CBS News Here's the next big trade Yahoo Finance Video PayPal now lets you pay online with a fingerprint scan Yahoo Finance Warren Buffett and Tony Robbins agree on the best way to invest your money CNBC The U.S. Army Wants to Replace Its Helicopters With These Bloomberg Warren: Senators are spending 110% of their time working through what Trump has done Yahoo Finance Exxon Is Carving Out a Turnaround The Street Senators spending time on Russia ties Yahoo Finance Video What is the 25th Amendment, and could it be used to remove Trump? M: I dont like Trump, but I find it disgraceful what the media continues to do to our country. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.4k
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Jury finds Oklahoma cop not guilty in shooting of black man Man gets six years for assault, felony harassment Domestic-violence charges against Vancouver police officer dropped Boy injured in car-train crash continues to recover Piano Hospital selling inventory to raise cash, clear building Closed landfill’s owners seek release from post-closure permit ‘Stethoscope’ gets ‘to the heart’ of Mount St. Helens 86 candidates so far vying for open positions Boy injured in car-train crash continues to recover The boy hurt in a fatal collision between a car and a train Tuesday in Camas was still recovering from… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines England pitches La Center into district softball final High school scoreboard, 5/18 Camas soccer wins in OT, heads to 4A quarterfinals Armstrong steps down as Battle Ground basketball coach Bonneville Dam fish count 5/17 High school scoreboard 5/17 Prep roundup: Fast starts can’t produce wins for Prairie, Ridgefield soccer Ball doesn’t bounce for Columbia River in playoff soccer defeat Cano latest Mariner headed to disabled list 7-time Washougal MX champ Dungey retires Ball doesn’t bounce for Columbia River in playoff soccer defeat Rally is for naught as Chieftains fall in penalty kicks Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Boeing delivers first 737 MAX after FAA clears plane to fly Computer experts predicted ‘WannaCry’ Target in game of shipping tag with Wal-Mart, Amazon Stocks, bond yields drop as Washington turmoil rattles markets Washington unemployment rate drops to 4.6 percent U.S. households owe record amount, topping pre-recession peak Singletary: Extended families deserve our attention and a helping hand Dairy aims to be first to test system that reclaims waste Homes traded in east Vancouver retail center deal Yahoo buying $3B worth of own shares before sale Target in game of shipping tag with Wal-Mart, Amazon NEW YORK — Target, Wal-Mart and Amazon are engaged in a game of shipping tag, each trying to adjust their… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Forbes: Jay Z and Beyonce worth a combined $1.16 billion AP Exclusive: The final days of the Ringling Bros. circus Clarkson to be coach on ‘The Voice’ in ’18 Parents of teens, let’s talk about their stress Everybody Has a Story: Bowled over by chance encounter with The Beatles Abandoned properties pose problems for code enforcement, neighbors Thursdays on NBC: ‘Must See TV’ revived Scallops: What to serve when you splurge Fingerling spuds are a handy go-to Love vegan cheese but can’t eat cashews? Nut-free recipes come to rescue AP Exclusive: The final days of the Ringling Bros. circus PROVIDENCE, R.I. — An elephant stretches its trunk through a window to soothe a sick child. A woman gives birth… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Press Talk Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Don’t Get Rid of Homework Camden: Once again, our eight simple rules for running for office Letter: GOP health plan really about taxes Letter: Changes to parking meters Letter: Washington is not China’s dump Letter: Comey firing was warranted Letter: Chance to speak up on health care Letter: Answers needed from county In Our View: Elections Can Help Cure Ills Saunders: Trump firing brings independence of FBI into question Editorial Cartoons, May 14-20 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Everybody Has a Story: Bowled over by chance encounter with The Beatles Abandoned properties pose problems for code enforcement, neighbors Volunteer Opportunities Spotlight on Youth Washougal opens new transportation facility Kids visit Nautilus, learn about engineering La Center receives $20,000 for athletic field work Ridgefield named one of nation’s top high schools Eagle Scouts Employees take day off work for fun Neighbors adjusting to life near Ilani casino The long-anticipated Ilani Casino Resort opened to much fanfare last week, and with it came a traffic backup of more… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Garage Sales Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Target in game of shipping tag with Wal-Mart, Amazon A Target logo on a store in Upper Saint Clair, Pa. Gene J. Puskar/Associated Press By ANNE D’INNOCENZIO, Associated Press Published: May 17, 2017, 4:10 PM A   A NEW YORK — Target, Wal-Mart and Amazon are engaged in a game of shipping tag, each trying to adjust their free threshold and other shipping strategies to a level that can lure shoppers away from one of the other. Minneapolis-based Target has the furthest to go as it tries to put itself in better competition with Amazon, the undisputed online leader, and Wal-Mart, which has been buying online startups to beef up its own operations. Target has announced plans to put more money into both its online operations and its stores, and saw it online sales rise 22 percent for the first quarter. That was a slowdown from 34 percent in the fourth quarter, though. With shoppers overall less and less willing to wait for their items to arrive, figuring out a shipping strategy that will encourage people to buy more and also drive shoppers to its stores will be a key element for Target. Amazon “has a model of getting shoppers to order and having it show up in two days and is working to make it less than two days,” said Tim Laseter, a partner at PwC. “There is no doubt that the general expectation is faster and cheaper.” But he noted that Target and Wal-Mart can take advantage of their stores in this game as they increasingly cater to customers. Target has been pushing on a lot of fronts, from readjusting free shipping thresholds to planning to test a new same-day service at a store in Manhattan. “We believe that the future of retail is both digital and physical, and successful retailers will need to provide an outstanding experience in both,” Chief Operating Officer John Mulligan told investors on Wednesday. Target had quietly raised its free shipping threshold to $35 from $25 this month, going in the opposite direction of Wal-Mart and Amazon. Asked about that move Wednesday, Chief Financial Officer Kathy R. Smith said that very few online orders are below $35. But she said, “We will always evaluate.” Wal-Mart had lowered its bar to $35 from $50 earlier this year and scrapped its program called SavingsPass that offered free shipping but had an annual fee. It also cut its shipping time to two days on 2 million of its most popular items, including essentials like diapers and pet food as well as some toys and electronics. Wal-Mart’s average shipping time has been three to five days. The strategy shift was one of the first big moves by Walmart.com’s CEO Mark Lore, who joined the company when the Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain bought online retailer Jet.com last year. In April, Wal-Mart also began offering discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to one of the company’s stores for pickup — cheaper for the company than delivering to people’s homes. Wal-Mart plans to expand the price cuts to more than a million items by the end of June. The company will be reporting its first-quarter results on Thursday. In the fourth quarter, Wal-Mart had a 29 percent increase in online sales, but the growth was on a bigger base of sales. Amazon.com, which had reduced the free shipping threshold for its non-Prime members to $35 from $49 following Wal-Mart’s move, has lowered it again to $25. Greg Melich, an analyst at research firm Evercore, estimates that on average Amazon customers indicated they spend $800 annually on the site and members of its $99-a-year Prime program spend on average 2.7 times more than non-Prime members and receive 2.5 times more shipments per year. If Amazon’s relationship with Prime members continues to grow, Melich said in a recent report, then Amazon’s path toward Wal-Mart’s 9 percent of the total U.S. retail market compared to Amazon’s 3 percent is “reasonable.” Target is also testing a program called Restock that would let its REDcard customers order household essentials like laundry detergent, paper towels and peanut butter and have them delivered to their homes the next day. The service, being tested with employees for now, is similar to Amazon Pantry, which charges $5.99 — but the Amazon delivery is not expedited. Target plans to expand the test to its loyalty card members in Minneapolis this summer. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Home News Grand Rapids Allegan County Barry County Ionia County Kent County Kzoo and BC Muskegon County Montcalm County Ottawa County Southwest Mich Michigan National To The Point Live video Photo Galleries Gas Prices Traffic Conditions Report It Weather Alerts Almanac Bill’s Blog Closings & Delays Current Conditions Forecast Lake Michigan Beach and Boating Power Outages Radar Rivers Satellite SatRad Severe Webcams Target 8 Report It Sports River Bank Run Michigan Sports Scores Griffins Tigers Whitecaps Football Frenzy NCAA Football Lions Red Wings Pistons NCAA Hoops High School eightWest Ask The Expert Reveal A New You Contests Entertainment Social Sizzle Community Connecting With Community Awards Calendar Pet of the Week Contests More Email Alerts Text Alerts School Closing Emails Weather Warn Emails Submit Your Closing About Us Contact Us Work For Us Our Staff TV Schedule Drone 8 Obituaries 76° F Clear Hi: 86° F Lo: 70° F Forecast Radar Bill’s Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Grand Rapids Allegan County Barry County Ionia County Kent County Kzoo and BC Muskegon County Montcalm County Ottawa County Southwest Mich Michigan National To The Point Live video Photo Galleries Gas Prices Traffic Conditions Report It Featured: Dirty Dining News Links Weekly Quiz Latest Headlines Dirty Dining: Rising from the roaches May 17, 2017 At Elizabeth’s Kitchen on 28th Street near US-131 in Wyoming, cockroaches were winning the pest control war. Swastikas, slur drawn outside Forest Hills Central May 17, 2017 Authorities are working to find out who was behind hate messages that were spray-painted outside Forest Hills Central High School. Ex-Rockford coach sentenced for taping underage girls May 17, 2017 NTSB: Drugged man caused Kalamazoo bike crash May 17, 2017 New state fire marshal looks west to cut fire deaths May 17, 2017 Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Bill’s Blog Closings & Delays Current Conditions Forecast Lake Michigan Beach and Boating Power Outages Radar Rivers Satellite SatRad Severe Webcams Current Conditions 76° F Clear Feels Like: 76° F Wind: SSW 20 Humidity: 54% Dewpoint: 58° F Sunrise: 6:17 AM Sunset: 9:01 PM Grand Rapids Weather Forecast Radar Currently Webcams Sponsored by: Target 8 Report It Sports Sports River Bank Run Michigan Sports Scores Griffins Tigers Whitecaps Football Frenzy NCAA Football Lions Red Wings Pistons NCAA Hoops High School Latest Headlines Collins snaps skid with 2 HRs, Tigers beat Orioles May 17, 2017 Tyler Collins snapped an 0-for-30 skid in style, hitting two home runs for the Detroit Tigers in a victory over the Baltimore Orioles. Davenport softball headed to World Series May 17, 2017 Davenport University topped Rio Grande twice on Wednesday to win the NAIA Division II Regional title and advance to the World Series. Hot Rods roll over Whitecaps, end streak May 17, 2017 Davis homers twice in extra innings, Orioles outslug Tigers May 17, 2017 Whitecaps rally, beat Hot Rods in 10th May 16, 2017 eightWest eightWest Ask The Expert Reveal A New You Contests Entertainment Social Sizzle Latest Headlines Get back your beach body at Skin Envy May 17, 2017 Looking to get your summer bod back? Skin Envy Non-surgical Weight Loss Centers has the trick! Wellspring Prep ranked #1 in the state of Michigan May 17, 2017 Wellspring is currently enrolling for the fall. Stop by and take a tour, watch a sporting event, or sit in a class. GR Symphony Scorecard Program booms with success May 17, 2017 Looking to find love? Find your perfect match at Matchmaker Michigan May 17, 2017 National Kidney Foundation Walk: taking steps for the cause May 17, 2017 Community Community Connecting With Community Awards Calendar Pet of the Week Latest Headlines GR Symphony Scorecard Program booms with success May 17, 2017 As its second year ends, the GRS had distributed more than 2,400 for a total of more than 4,400 over two seasons. $900,000 Early Childhood Education Grant to Aquinas College May 17, 2017 Partners with ELNC to train teachers of color for early education GVSU Empowers Future Leaders May 16, 2017 Be Nice: discussing teen suicide and Netflix series ’13 Reasons Why’ May 16, 2017 Vote for the 2017 Community Choice Award May 12, 2017 Contests More Email Alerts Text Alerts School Closing Emails Weather Warn Emails Submit Your Closing About Us Contact Us Work For Us Our Staff TV Schedule Drone 8 Obituaries Search for: Search the site 76° F Clear Hi: 86° F Lo: 70° F Wal-Mart opens in Whitehall; local grocer: ‘We welcome them’ Leon Hendrix Published: May 17, 2017, 7:04 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) The new Wal-Mart in Whitehall. (May 17, 2017) WHITEHALL TOWNSHIP, Mich. (WOOD) — The new Wal-Mart near Whitehall opened for the first time on Wednesday morning to large crowds. Its long-term impact on the community remains to be seen. The largest retailer in the country now has a presence in a community where some fought to keep it away. Wal-Mart officials said the store hired some 200 people to operate the new store. The nearest locally-owned and operated grocery store is less than a mile away. Great Lakes Fresh Market Store management has been bracing for Wal-Mart’s impact for some time. “It’s not a concern. We have to be aware of it,” Great Lakes Store Director Tony Larson said. “We welcome them to the community.” He admits that his store may not be able to compete with the well-marketed low prices for which Wal-Mart is known. “Our game isn’t the price,” Larson said. “You have to know what the customer wants and you do that by talking to them.” Larson said the president of the company that owns Great Lakes is in the store almost daily and believes customers feel the difference. Dennis Wilson has shopped at Great Lakes, which was formerly a Plumb’s store, for years. “It’s kind of a hometown type of thing,” he said while leaving the store Wednesday. He admits, however, that he’ll be checking out the Wal-Mart down the street. “Let’s face it,” Wilson said. “Wal-Mart’s got a better price, I’m sure, and money talks.” Larson, the store director, said he believes the stores can share the area’s customer base and both thrive. “Everybody’s looking for different things where they shop,” Larson said. “So definitely they can coexist.” Wal-Mart executives are clearly trying to go head-to-head — even on the level of those looking to buy local. The store touts its supply of “locally sourced” fruits and vegetables, West Michigan craft beers and its stock of kayaks produced by Muskegon-based Sun Dolphin. Customers seemed to welcome Wal-Mart enthusiastically. The parking lot was packed for much of the day Wednesday and there was a constant flow of customers coming and going. Barb Grow, who lives in Rothbury, said she’s excited to have a Wal-Mart closer to home. “I think it’s great,” she told 24 Hour News 8 after she loaded her truck full of groceries. She said she wrote to Whitehall Township leaders to counter the early opposition to the store coming to the area. “These little towns, they haven’t been little towns since I was in high school and that was a long time ago,” Grow said. The Whitehall Wal-Mart will be open 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest More LinkedIn Tumblr Reddit Related Posts Hard times for Sears as retailer notes doubt about future Caretaker’s suspicions led cops to missing teacher, student 2 people find dead bat in salad they were eating ‘Sanctuary churches’ pledge to house scared immigrants Advertisement « Previous Story Advertisement Trending now on WOODTV.com Photo Galleries Photos: Fifth Third River Bank Run 2017 Photos: West Michigan Wish Ball 2017 Photos: Amway Sports & Fitness Expo Photos: Volksparade at Tulip Time 2017 Photos: Chefs Live Cooking & Food Show 2017 Featured on eightWest Get back your beach body at Skin Envy Wellspring Prep ranked #1 in the state of Michigan GR Symphony Scorecard Program booms with success Looking to find love? Find your perfect match at Matchmaker Michigan National Kidney Foundation Walk: taking steps for the cause Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WOODTV.com © 1998-2017 woodtv.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Sports Community eightWest Ask The Expert Reveal a New You Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File Closed Captioning Concerns EEO Report Children’s TV Report Partners WOTV 4 Women Media General Station About Us Contact Us Our Staff TV Schedule Work For Us Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
MENU Home Login Subscription Options CREATE NEW – Home Delivery Subscription MAKE HOME DELIVERY PAYMENT HERE CREATE NEW – Online Only Subscription Contact UFO Store PUZZLES Crosswords Sudoku How to Clear Cache MENU Newspaper E-Newpaper Sunday Comics NEWS Local News Local News Local News Dining Guide Dining Guide Local Business Review Local Business Review Positively Roswell Positively Roswell Vistas Sports Local Sports AP Auto Racing AP Baseball AP Basketball AP Football AP Golf AP Soccer AP Tennis Obituaries In Memory Records Public/Police Public Record Police Blotter Classifieds Listings Local Classifieds Listings Legal Notice Ads Opinion Editorial Editorial Dear Editor Magazines Lifestyles Travel & Dining Guide Screens Magazine Vision Magazine Special Sections AP News News Feed Business Entertainment National News State News World News 1 Username: 1 Target locked in game of shipping tag with Wal-Mart, Amazon May 17, 2017 • Business This Wednesday, Aug. 17, 2016, photo, shows the entrance for a Target store, in North Miami Beach, Fla. Target Corp. reports earnings, Wednesday, May 17, 2017. (AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee) Minneapolis-based Target has the furthest to go as it tries to put itself in better competition with Amazon, the undisputed online leader, and Wal-Mart, which has been buying online startups to beef up its own operations. Target has announced plans to put more money into both its online operations and its stores, and saw it online sales rise 22 percent for the first quarter. That was a slowdown from 34 percent in the fourth quarter, though. With shoppers overall less and less willing to wait for their items to arrive, figuring out a shipping strategy that will encourage people to buy more and also drive shoppers to its stores will be a key element for Target. Amazon “has a model of getting shoppers to order and having it show up in two days and is working to make it less than two days,” said Tim Laseter, a partner at PwC. “There is no doubt that the general expectation is faster and cheaper.” But he noted that Target and Wal-Mart can take advantage of their stores in this game as they increasingly cater to customers. Target has been pushing on a lot of fronts, from readjusting free shipping thresholds to planning to test a new same-day service at a store in Manhattan. “We [auth] believe that the future of retail is both digital and physical, and successful retailers will need to provide an outstanding experience in both,” Chief Operating Officer John Mulligan told investors on Wednesday. Target had quietly raised its free shipping threshold to $35 from $25 this month, going in the opposite direction of Wal-Mart and Amazon. Asked about that move Wednesday, Chief Financial Officer Kathy R. Smith said that very few online orders are below $35. But she said, “We will always evaluate.” Wal-Mart had lowered its bar to $35 from $50 earlier this year and scrapped its program called SavingsPass that offered free shipping but had an annual fee. It also cut its shipping time to two days on 2 million of its most popular items, including essentials like diapers and pet food as well as some toys and electronics. Wal-Mart’s average shipping time has been three to five days. For Amazon’s non-Prime members, the shipping time is five to eight days. Typical Target deliveries arrive in three to six days. The strategy shift was one of the first big moves by Walmart.com’s CEO Mark Lore, who joined the company when the Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain bought online retailer Jet.com last year. In April, Wal-Mart also began offering discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to one of the company’s stores for pickup — cheaper for the company than delivering to people’s homes. Wal-Mart plans to expand the price cuts to more than a million items by the end of June. The company will be reporting its first-quarter results on Thursday. In the fourth quarter, Wal-Mart had a 29 percent increase in online sales, but the growth was on a bigger base of sales. Amazon.com, which had reduced the free shipping threshold for its non-Prime members to $35 from $49 following Wal-Mart’s move, has lowered it again to $25. Greg Melich, an analyst at research firm Evercore, estimates that on average Amazon customers indicated they spend $800 annually on the site and members of its $99-a-year Prime program spend on average 2.7 times more than non-Prime members and receive 2.5 times more shipments per year. If Amazon’s relationship with Prime members continues to grow, Melich said in a recent report, then Amazon’s path toward Wal-Mart’s 9 percent of the total U.S. retail market compared to Amazon’s 3 percent is “reasonable.” Target is also testing a program called Restock that would let its REDcard customers order household essentials like laundry detergent, paper towels and peanut butter and have them delivered to their homes the next day. The service, being tested with employees for now, is similar to Amazon Pantry, which charges $5.99 — but the Amazon delivery is not expedited. Target plans to expand the test to its loyalty card members in Minneapolis this summer. “Target Restock is a great start for Target to regain customers lost to Amazon, but Target may look to expand its efforts within Restock to the category of apparel” because of how important clothing is to Target’s focus on style, said Matt Sargent, senior vice president of retail at the Magid consulting firm. He says it’s “a next logical step for an initiative desperately needed at Target.” Target is also preparing to launch a same-day delivery service at a store in the Tribeca neighborhood of Manhattan. Customers can choose a delivery window to have their orders delivered to their homes later that day. Amazon says Prime members in more than 5,000 cities and towns can receive their orders the same day or the next with same-day delivery or one-day shipping, depending on the item and location. Through Prime Now, members in more than 30 major cities can get tens of thousands of items for superfast, one-hour and free two-hour delivery. More than a year ago, Wal-Mart partnered with ride-hailing services Uber and Lyft to test same-day grocery deliveries in Phoenix and Denver. It’s also testing same-day delivery service with Deliv at Sam’s Club in Miami. Given the competition, CEO Brian Cornell said Wednesday that Target will be thinking about new ways to offer different services. Cornell said the company is “working right now to think about the next phase of loyalty and how we continue to leverage the REDcard to build even a stronger relationship with our guests.” Related Posts About the Author: - Associated Press Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Fire Marshal: Event venue needs sprinkler system; As is, structure cannot receive permanent, full certificate of occupancy Google unveils latest tech tricks as computers get smarter » Business Review Inspirations Unlimited Dining Guide El Toro Bravo Positively Roswell Mildred Swenson celebrates 102 years Albuquerque added to federal effort to fight opioid epidemic May 17, 2017 New Mexico utility execs could earn $8.6M in compensation May 17, 2017 Man sentenced to prison in fatal drive-by shooting of teen May 17, 2017 Clovis man already in prison gets 24-year term in drug case May 17, 2017 Santa Fe school district to save $1.6M in new budget May 17, 2017 Republicans propose fix for New Mexico state budget May 16, 2017 New Mexico State Police release name of man killed by train May 16, 2017 AG Balderas won’t be entering race for New Mexico governor May 16, 2017 New Mexican running to be 1st Native American congresswoman May 16, 2017 Judge in New Mexico deputy killing case denies dismissal bid May 16, 2017 © 2017 Roswell Daily Record | Roswell Area News | Proudly sponsoring The Roswell Incident Project since 2016! Web directory script
Close Mobile e-Edition Subscriber Services Advertise with Us Contact Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Subscribe 79° Scattered Clouds Thegardenisland.com Home Classifieds Calendar Contact Us Legals Subscriber Services Submit News Tip Correction Search Gas Prices E-Edition News Topics Local News Obituaries Police Logs Hawaii Business Government Education Special Sections National News World News News Tip Correction The Latest Senator Hirono diagnosed with cancer Posted: May 17, 2017 - 2:00 am WASHINGTON — Sen. Mazie Hirono, D-Hawaii, has been diagnosed with kidney cancer, according to a statement she released Tuesday morning. Comments (2) KPD honors fallen officers Posted: May 17, 2017 - 1:45 am LIHUE — Taps played in the background while flags flew at half mast and people bowed their heads to honor police officers around the nation who died on the job. Comments (0) Recent Blaze burns on Westside Simon the crime-fighting dog retires Obituaries for Wednesday, May 17, 2017 Top teachers at Hanalei, Kilauea honored Arrest log for Wednesday, May 17, 2017 Sports Topics KIF Sports Local Sports Univ. of Hawaii Sports wire Surfing Opinion The Latest Offseason tournament continues Posted: May 17, 2017 - 1:00 am KAPAA — Ashlyn Agena, an eighth-grade student from Waimea Canyon School, took to the wrestling mats for the first time Saturday during the Kauai USA Wrestling spring season tournaments. Comments (0) Emotions running high everywhere you look Posted: May 17, 2017 - 1:00 am It’s been a few solid days of unsportsmanlike behavior throughout all different genres. Comments (0) Recent Kauai High’s Teagan Keep is state champ Contrades-Efhan leads Kapaa to KYF D2 crown Kauai’s Keep wins discus gold Top seeds bounced in Brazil as upsets abound at Oi Rio Pro Registration for youth volleyball league open Opinion In Our Opinion Letters to Editor Submit a Letter Guest Opinion Life Topics Food Happy Camper Births Kauai Made Island history The Latest Leave Kalalau squatters to authorities Posted: May 17, 2017 - 12:05 am Some ideas, like cleaning up beaches, are good. Comments (0) Sarah Tochiki: Music director shares love of lyrics and notes with students Posted: May 14, 2017 - 12:05 am LIHUE — There were the trio of concerts celebrating the 25th anniversary of the Kauai Community College Performing Arts Center. This included the appearance of guest conductor Michael Nakasone, retired from the Royal Hawaiian Band, and Pearl City High School leading the Kauai Youth Honor Band. It also included the appearance of Abe Lagrimas, Jr. of Los Angeles who worked with the Kauai Community College Jazz Ensemble. Comments (0) Recent Jump for joy – mini trampolines bouncing back ’S’ a path to our inner harp A glimpse of cockfighting on Kauai in the ’60s ‘Pacific Century Fellows’ accepting applications Ki-chan kneels, begs; Ji-yoon’s husband is alive Entertainment TGIFr!day Arts and Theatre Dining Music Calendar Check Da Scene Entertainment wire The Latest KCP’s latest production opens tonight Posted: May 12, 2017 - 1:15 am LIHUE — For Nellie Foster, directing Kauai Community Player’s final production of the season comes full circle. Comments (0) Street Burger in Kapaa offers the classics Posted: May 12, 2017 - 1:00 am KAPAA — It’s easy to pull up to a drive-thru and order a double cheeseburger, but there’s something to be said about sitting down in a restaurant with a comfortable, friendly atmosphere while enjoying a handcrafted, unique burger experience. Comments (0) Recent KPAC takes a bow Concert for keiki in Waimea Student art closing on Mother’s Day Chorale concerts this weekend Viva Las Vegas! “The 9th Island”! Classifieds Service Directory Services Cars Merchandise Classifieds Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Weekly Jobs Local Jobs Visitors Ocean Safety Calendar Weather E-Edition Search Home Business National and International Target locked in game of shipping tag with Wal-Mart, Amazon Story Comments Image (2) Print Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Wilfredo Lee Target locked in game of shipping tag with Wal-Mart, Amazon This Wednesday, Aug. 17, 2016, photo, shows the entrance for a Target store, in North Miami Beach, Fla. Target Corp. reports earnings, Wednesday, May 17, 2017. (AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee) Gene J. Puskar Target locked in game of shipping tag with Wal-Mart, Amazon This May 3, 2017, photo shows a Target logo on a store in Upper Saint Clair, Pa. Target Corp. reports earnings, Wednesday, May 17, 2017. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar) Posted: Wednesday, May 17, 2017 11:29 am | Updated: 11:48 am, Wed May 17, 2017. Target locked in game of shipping tag with Wal-Mart, Amazon Associated Press | 0 comments NEW YORK (AP) — Target, Wal-Mart and Amazon are engaged in a game of shipping tag, each trying to adjust their free threshold and other shipping strategies to a level that can lure shoppers away from one of the other. Minneapolis-based Target has the furthest to go as it tries to put itself in better competition with Amazon, the undisputed online leader, and Wal-Mart, which has been buying online startups to beef up its own operations. Target has announced plans to put more money into both its online operations and its stores, and saw it online sales rise 22 percent for the first quarter. That was a slowdown from 34 percent in the fourth quarter, though. With shoppers overall less and less willing to wait for their items to arrive, figuring out a shipping strategy that will encourage people to buy more and also drive shoppers to its stores will be a key element for Target. Amazon "has a model of getting shoppers to order and having it show up in two days and is working to make it less than two days," said Tim Laseter, a partner at PwC. "There is no doubt that the general expectation is faster and cheaper." But he noted that Target and Wal-Mart can take advantage of their stores in this game as they increasingly cater to customers. Target has been pushing on a lot of fronts, from readjusting free shipping thresholds to planning to test a new same-day service at a store in Manhattan. "We believe that the future of retail is both digital and physical, and successful retailers will need to provide an outstanding experience in both," Chief Operating Officer John Mulligan told investors on Wednesday. Target had quietly raised its free shipping threshold to $35 from $25 this month, going in the opposite direction of Wal-Mart and Amazon. Asked about that move Wednesday, Chief Financial Officer Kathy R. Smith said that very few online orders are below $35. But she said, "We will always evaluate." Wal-Mart had lowered its bar to $35 from $50 earlier this year and scrapped its program called SavingsPass that offered free shipping but had an annual fee. It also cut its shipping time to two days on 2 million of its most popular items, including essentials like diapers and pet food as well as some toys and electronics. Wal-Mart's average shipping time has been three to five days. For Amazon's non-Prime members, the shipping time is five to eight days. Typical Target deliveries arrive in three to six days. The strategy shift was one of the first big moves by Walmart.com's CEO Mark Lore, who joined the company when the Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain bought online retailer Jet.com last year. In April, Wal-Mart also began offering discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to one of the company's stores for pickup — cheaper for the company than delivering to people's homes. Wal-Mart plans to expand the price cuts to more than a million items by the end of June. The company will be reporting its first-quarter results on Thursday. In the fourth quarter, Wal-Mart had a 29 percent increase in online sales, but the growth was on a bigger base of sales. Amazon.com, which had reduced the free shipping threshold for its non-Prime members to $35 from $49 following Wal-Mart's move, has lowered it again to $25. Greg Melich, an analyst at research firm Evercore, estimates that on average Amazon customers indicated they spend $800 annually on the site and members of its $99-a-year Prime program spend on average 2.7 times more than non-Prime members and receive 2.5 times more shipments per year. If Amazon's relationship with Prime members continues to grow, Melich said in a recent report, then Amazon's path toward Wal-Mart's 9 percent of the total U.S. retail market compared to Amazon's 3 percent is "reasonable." Target is also testing a program called Restock that would let its REDcard customers order household essentials like laundry detergent, paper towels and peanut butter and have them delivered to their homes the next day. The service, being tested with employees for now, is similar to Amazon Pantry, which charges $5.99 — but the Amazon delivery is not expedited. Target plans to expand the test to its loyalty card members in Minneapolis this summer. "Target Restock is a great start for Target to regain customers lost to Amazon, but Target may look to expand its efforts within Restock to the category of apparel" because of how important clothing is to Target's focus on style, said Matt Sargent, senior vice president of retail at the Magid consulting firm. He says it's "a next logical step for an initiative desperately needed at Target." Target is also preparing to launch a same-day delivery service at a store in the Tribeca neighborhood of Manhattan. Customers can choose a delivery window to have their orders delivered to their homes later that day. Amazon says Prime members in more than 5,000 cities and towns can receive their orders the same day or the next with same-day delivery or one-day shipping, depending on the item and location. Through Prime Now, members in more than 30 major cities can get tens of thousands of items for superfast, one-hour and free two-hour delivery. More than a year ago, Wal-Mart partnered with ride-hailing services Uber and Lyft to test same-day grocery deliveries in Phoenix and Denver. It's also testing same-day delivery service with Deliv at Sam's Club in Miami. Given the competition, CEO Brian Cornell said Wednesday that Target will be thinking about new ways to offer different services. Cornell said the company is "working right now to think about the next phase of loyalty and how we continue to leverage the REDcard to build even a stronger relationship with our guests." ___ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business ARTICLE: Australian tax official charged in $123 million fraud probe Dems push 'grand bargain' votes in Senate, declare progress HTML: Party Composition of Illinois General Assembly ARTICLE: Dems push 'grand bargain' votes in Senate, declare progress New death in Venezuela puts toll at level of 2014 unrest More about Sales Figures HTML: Target Corporation (TGT) Stock Price HTML: Target Corporation (TGT) Key Financial Metrics HTML: Target Corporation (TGT) vs. Peers Percent Change Over Time - 3 Months Target locked in game of shipping tag with Wal-Mart, Amazon Target locked in game of shipping tag with Wal-Mart, Amazon More about Financial Performance HTML: Target Corporation (TGT) Stock Price HTML: Target Corporation (TGT) Key Financial Metrics HTML: Target Corporation (TGT) vs. Peers Percent Change Over Time - 3 Months Target locked in game of shipping tag with Wal-Mart, Amazon Target locked in game of shipping tag with Wal-Mart, Amazon Discuss Print   Posted in National and International, National on Wednesday, May 17, 2017 11:29 am. Updated: 11:48 am. | Tags: Business, Sales Figures, Financial Performance, Corporate News, Retail E-commerce Sales, Retail Sales, Retail And Wholesale Sector Performance, Economy, Stock Prices, Leading Economic Indicators, Earnings Estimates, Earnings, Stock Price Movements, Stock Performance, Corporate Stock, Earnings Surprises, Retail Industry, Retail And Wholesale, Consumer Services, Consumer Products And Services, General News, New Products And Services, Products And Services, Transportation And Shipping, Industrial Products And Services | Location Tags: Manhattan, New York City, New York, United States, North America Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. 2 Don't Threaten or Abuse. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. AND PLEASE TURN OFF CAPS LOCK. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Welcome to the discussion. Log In Current users sign in here. Register Print comments Most Popular Articles Most Commented Stocks Stories 17 arrested for closed area violations at Kalalau About 60 support group occupying Coco Palms after police issue trespass notices Locals want removal of Kalalau squatters Kayla Huddy-Lemn’s family starts to heal Syngenta sells Hawaii sites All 100 days of President Donald Trump (31) About 60 support group occupying Coco Palms after police issue trespass notices (30) Kagawa: KPD should hire locally (22) Locals want removal of Kalalau squatters (22) Kauai residents express mixed feelings about performance of country’s leader (19) Follow us on Facebook Promos Island Calendar for Friday, May 12, 2017 Friday, May 12 article events-calendar pause Online poll How did the Legislature do this year? Total Votes: 337 Wonderful. Lots of good bills were passed. 13 4% Terrible. Accomplished little of significance. 260 77% No idea. 64 19% Loading… Services Advertise with Us Contact Us About Us Subscriber Services Events Calendar Sections News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries © Copyright 2015, Thegardenisland.com, 3137 Kuhio Hwy. Lihue, HI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
Target locked in game of shipping tag with Wal-Mart, Amazon - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS Hourly Forecast Information Contact Us WBXH-TV Editorials NEWS Local News Investigators Slideshows Regional News National News Crime Stoppers Health Power of 9 Hand It On Entertainment News Heart of Louisiana Video Links Mentioned 9News This Morning Anchors and Reporters WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS NFL Draft 2017 LSU Sports Headlines SU Headlines Saints Headlines Pelicans Headlines 2016 Warrick Dunn Award Traffic Investigators The Investigators: Caught Red Handed: Inmate escapes caught on surveillance WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Contests Slideshows Take A Road Trip Double Day Stirrin It Up Recipes Recipe Calendars About Programming The WAFB 9News Mobile Apps 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business Target locked in game of shipping tag with Wal-Mart, Amazon 2017-05-17T23:36:27Z2017-05-17T23:36:27Z (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar). This May 3, 2017, photo shows a Target logo on a store in Upper Saint Clair, Pa. Target Corp. reports earnings, Wednesday, May 17, 2017. (AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee). This Wednesday, Aug. 17, 2016, photo, shows the entrance for a Target store, in North Miami Beach, Fla. Target Corp. reports earnings, Wednesday, May 17, 2017. By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO AP Retail Writer NEW YORK (AP) - Target, Wal-Mart and Amazon are engaged in a game of shipping tag, each trying to adjust their free threshold and other shipping strategies to a level that can lure shoppers away from one of the other. Minneapolis-based Target has the furthest to go as it tries to put itself in better competition with Amazon, the undisputed online leader, and Wal-Mart, which has been buying online startups to beef up its own operations. Target has announced plans to put more money into both its online operations and its stores, and saw it online sales rise 22 percent for the first quarter. That was a slowdown from 34 percent in the fourth quarter, though. With shoppers overall less and less willing to wait for their items to arrive, figuring out a shipping strategy that will encourage people to buy more and also drive shoppers to its stores will be a key element for Target. Amazon "has a model of getting shoppers to order and having it show up in two days and is working to make it less than two days," said Tim Laseter, a partner at PwC. "There is no doubt that the general expectation is faster and cheaper." But he noted that Target and Wal-Mart can take advantage of their stores in this game as they increasingly cater to customers. Target has been pushing on a lot of fronts, from readjusting free shipping thresholds to planning to test a new same-day service at a store in Manhattan. "We believe that the future of retail is both digital and physical, and successful retailers will need to provide an outstanding experience in both," Chief Operating Officer John Mulligan told investors on Wednesday. Target had quietly raised its free shipping threshold to $35 from $25 this month, going in the opposite direction of Wal-Mart and Amazon. Asked about that move Wednesday, Chief Financial Officer Kathy R. Smith said that very few online orders are below $35. But she said, "We will always evaluate." Wal-Mart had lowered its bar to $35 from $50 earlier this year and scrapped its program called SavingsPass that offered free shipping but had an annual fee. It also cut its shipping time to two days on 2 million of its most popular items, including essentials like diapers and pet food as well as some toys and electronics. Wal-Mart's average shipping time has been three to five days. For Amazon's non-Prime members, the shipping time is five to eight days. Typical Target deliveries arrive in three to six days. The strategy shift was one of the first big moves by Walmart.com's CEO Mark Lore, who joined the company when the Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain bought online retailer Jet.com last year. In April, Wal-Mart also began offering discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to one of the company's stores for pickup - cheaper for the company than delivering to people's homes. Wal-Mart plans to expand the price cuts to more than a million items by the end of June. The company will be reporting its first-quarter results on Thursday. In the fourth quarter, Wal-Mart had a 29 percent increase in online sales, but the growth was on a bigger base of sales. Amazon.com, which had reduced the free shipping threshold for its non-Prime members to $35 from $49 following Wal-Mart's move, has lowered it again to $25. Greg Melich, an analyst at research firm Evercore, estimates that on average Amazon customers indicated they spend $800 annually on the site and members of its $99-a-year Prime program spend on average 2.7 times more than non-Prime members and receive 2.5 times more shipments per year. If Amazon's relationship with Prime members continues to grow, Melich said in a recent report, then Amazon's path toward Wal-Mart's 9 percent of the total U.S. retail market compared to Amazon's 3 percent is "reasonable." Target is also testing a program called Restock that would let its REDcard customers order household essentials like laundry detergent, paper towels and peanut butter and have them delivered to their homes the next day. The service, being tested with employees for now, is similar to Amazon Pantry, which charges $5.99 - but the Amazon delivery is not expedited. Target plans to expand the test to its loyalty card members in Minneapolis this summer. "Target Restock is a great start for Target to regain customers lost to Amazon, but Target may look to expand its efforts within Restock to the category of apparel" because of how important clothing is to Target's focus on style, said Matt Sargent, senior vice president of retail at the Magid consulting firm. He says it's "a next logical step for an initiative desperately needed at Target." Target is also preparing to launch a same-day delivery service at a store in the Tribeca neighborhood of Manhattan. Customers can choose a delivery window to have their orders delivered to their homes later that day. Amazon says Prime members in more than 5,000 cities and towns can receive their orders the same day or the next with same-day delivery or one-day shipping, depending on the item and location. Through Prime Now, members in more than 30 major cities can get tens of thousands of items for superfast, one-hour and free two-hour delivery. More than a year ago, Wal-Mart partnered with ride-hailing services Uber and Lyft to test same-day grocery deliveries in Phoenix and Denver. It's also testing same-day delivery service with Deliv at Sam's Club in Miami. Given the competition, CEO Brian Cornell said Wednesday that Target will be thinking about new ways to offer different services. Cornell said the company is "working right now to think about the next phase of loyalty and how we continue to leverage the REDcard to build even a stronger relationship with our guests." ___ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> MIT student sues CIA for info on Twitter jokes MIT student sues CIA for info on Twitter jokes Posted: Thursday, May 18 2017 2:33 AM EDT2017-05-18 06:33:47 GMT Updated: Thursday, May 18 2017 2:33 AM EDT2017-05-18 06:33:47 GMT A Massachusetts doctoral student is trying to force the CIA to open up about how it uses jokes on social media.More >> A Massachusetts doctoral student is trying to force the CIA to open up about how it uses jokes on social media.More >> Vegas police: Martial arts chokehold used in deadly chase Vegas police: Martial arts chokehold used in deadly chase Posted: Thursday, May 18 2017 2:33 AM EDT2017-05-18 06:33:22 GMT Updated: Thursday, May 18 2017 2:33 AM EDT2017-05-18 06:33:22 GMT Las Vegas police say an officer used a stun gun seven times and an unapproved neck hold on an unarmed man in a deadly chase at a casino over the weekend.More >> Las Vegas police say an officer used a stun gun seven times and an unapproved neck hold on an unarmed man in a deadly chase at a casino over the weekend.More >> Puerto Rico militant leader emerges from 36 years in custody Puerto Rico militant leader emerges from 36 years in custody Posted: Thursday, May 18 2017 2:28 AM EDT2017-05-18 06:28:11 GMT Updated: Thursday, May 18 2017 2:28 AM EDT2017-05-18 06:28:11 GMT Puerto Rican nationalist Oscar Lopez Rivera is being released Wednesday from house arrest after decades behind bars in a case that has made him a martyr for his supporters but outrages those who lost loved ones in...More >> Puerto Rican nationalist Oscar Lopez Rivera is being released Wednesday from house arrest after decades behind bars in a case that has made him a martyr for his supporters but outrages those who lost loved ones in a string of bombings.More >> The Latest: Protesters briefly block a Tulsa road The Latest: Protesters briefly block a Tulsa road Posted: Thursday, May 18 2017 2:27 AM EDT2017-05-18 06:27:59 GMT Updated: Thursday, May 18 2017 2:29 AM EDT2017-05-18 06:29:47 GMT Oklahoma's Republican Gov. Mary Fallin has called for calm after a jury found a Tulsa police officer not guilty in the shooting last year of an unarmed black man.More >> Oklahoma's Republican Gov. Mary Fallin has called for calm after a jury found a Tulsa police officer not guilty in the shooting last year of an unarmed black man.More >> Colorado man to be freed early now in immigration custody Colorado man to be freed early now in immigration custody Posted: Thursday, May 18 2017 2:27 AM EDT2017-05-18 06:27:49 GMT Updated: Thursday, May 18 2017 2:29 AM EDT2017-05-18 06:29:36 GMT A Colorado man whose 98-year prison term was cut short by a judge has been detained by immigration officials just as he was set to be released.More >> A Colorado man whose 98-year prison term was cut short by a judge has been detained by immigration officials just as he was set to be released.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> No rush to Trump judgment, Ryan says; Dems demand deep probe No rush to Trump judgment, Ryan says; Dems demand deep probe Pressing for answers to mushrooming questions, congressional Democrats demand an immediate investigation into President Donald Trump's dealings with now-fired FBI Director James Comey. House Speaker Paul Ryan cautions against "rushing to judgment."More >> Pressing for answers to mushrooming questions, congressional Democrats demand an immediate investigation into President Donald Trump's dealings with now-fired FBI Director James Comey. House Speaker Paul Ryan cautions against "rushing to judgment."More >> The Latest: WH says Trump didn't know where info came from The Latest: WH says Trump didn't know where info came from President Donald Trump's national security adviser says Trump didn't know where information that he shared with Russian officials came from.More >> President Donald Trump's national security adviser says Trump didn't know where information that he shared with Russian officials came from.More >> Bon Jovi surprises grads, guests with commencement show Bon Jovi surprises grads, guests with commencement show Bon Jovi entertains Fairleigh Dickinson grads, guests with surprise commencement performanceMore >> Bon Jovi entertains Fairleigh Dickinson grads, guests with surprise commencement performanceMore >> Trump talk with Russians 'wholly appropriate,' adviser says Trump talk with Russians 'wholly appropriate,' adviser says President Donald Trump's national security adviser said Tuesday that Trump's disclosures to Russian officials about activities by the Islamic State group were "wholly appropriate" and amounted to a routine sharing of information.More >> President Donald Trump's national security adviser said Tuesday that Trump's disclosures to Russian officials about activities by the Islamic State group were "wholly appropriate" and amounted to a routine sharing of information.More >> Immigrant leaves Denver church after winning delay from feds Immigrant leaves Denver church after winning delay from feds A Mexican immigrant who has been living in a Denver church to avoid deportation plans to left Friday after supporters say officials granted her a two-year reprieve More >> A Mexican immigrant who has been living in a Denver church to avoid deportation plans to left Friday after supporters say officials granted her a two-year reprieveMore >> Banished Brutalism: Death knells abound for building style Banished Brutalism: Death knells abound for building style Brutalist-style buildings are being declared eyesores and slated for demolition in cities around the world More >> Brutalist-style buildings are being declared eyesores and slated for demolition in cities around the worldMore >> Acting FBI head undercuts White House claims on Comey, probe Acting FBI head undercuts White House claims on Comey, probe Acting director of the FBI has undermined White House explanations for the firing of his boss More >> Acting director of the FBI has undermined White House explanations for the firing of his bossMore >> Acting FBI chief contradicts White House on Comey firing Acting FBI chief contradicts White House on Comey firing Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe is piece-by-piece undermining the White House's most recent explanations about the firing of FBI Director James Comey during testimony before a Senate committee Thursday More >> Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe is piece-by-piece undermining the White House's most recent explanations about the firing of FBI Director James Comey during testimony before a Senate committee ThursdayMore >> Video shows San Bernardino shooter calmly entering school Video shows San Bernardino shooter calmly entering school Police have released surveillance video that shows a gunman calmly walking into a San Bernardino elementary school minutes before he opened fire in a classroom, killing his estranged wife and an 8-year-old boy More >> Police have released surveillance video that shows a gunman calmly walking into a San Bernardino elementary school minutes before he opened fire in a classroom, killing his estranged wife and an 8-year-old boyMore >> Officials from Arctic nations meet amid drilling concerns Officials from Arctic nations meet amid drilling concerns Officials from the world's eight Arctic nations will meet in Alaska amid concerns about the sensitive region after President Trump called for more oil drilling and development. More >> Officials from the world's eight Arctic nations will meet in Alaska amid concerns about the sensitive region after President Trump called for more oil drilling and development.More >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Home News Metro Aurora News Aurora Biz Nation World Colorado News Obituaries Your News A-Town Blogs Opinion Sports A-Town All-Stars Aurora Prep Sports College Sports Pro Sports Guide The ColoRadical Colorado Table Wellness Music Screen Stage and Comedy Travel Aurora Homes Events A-Town Football Game of the Week Colorado Girls Elevated Search Events Submit Your Event The ColoRadical Contact Us Newsroom Services Advertising Services Subscriber Services Colorado Girls Elevated Aurora Sentinel Colorado Table Aurora Magazine Aurora Biz Findit! Search the site Aurora, CO 41°F   Aurora Sentinel Colorado Table Aurora Magazine Aurora Biz Findit! Subscribe to a free E-dition 41°F Home News Metro Aurora News Aurora Biz Nation World Colorado News Obituaries Your News A-Town Blogs Opinion Sports A-Town All-Stars Aurora Prep Sports College Sports Pro Sports Guide The ColoRadical Colorado Table Wellness Music Screen Stage and Comedy Travel Aurora Homes Events A-Town Football Game of the Week Colorado Girls Elevated Search Events Submit Your Event The ColoRadical Contact Us Newsroom Services Advertising Services Subscriber Services Colorado Girls Elevated Target reimagines itself and Wall Street likes what it sees While growing online sales and rising profits pushed shares up more than 8 percent before the opening bell Wednesday, CEO Brian Cornell still needs to find a way to thrive in the face of intense pressure Amazon.com and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. BY THE ASSOCIATED PRESS, Updated: May 17, 2017 4:30 pm Follow @AuroraSentinel NEW YORK | Target’s first-quarter profits jumped almost 8 percent as attempts to turn its business around appear to be gaining some traction. Comparable-store sales fell for the fourth consecutive quarter, but the decline was nowhere near as bad as expected and online sales surged 22 percent. While growing online sales and rising profits pushed shares up more than 8 percent before the opening bell Wednesday, CEO Brian Cornell still needs to find a way to thrive in the face of intense pressure Amazon.com and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. This Wednesday, Aug. 17, 2016, photo, shows the entrance for a Target store, in North Miami Beach, Fla. Target Corp. reports earnings, Wednesday, May 17, 2017. (AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee) This May 3, 2017, photo shows a Target logo on a store in Upper Saint Clair, Pa. Target Corp. reports earnings, Wednesday, May 17, 2017. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar) Facing those challenges, Target plans to spend $7 billion over the next three years, more than three times its typical capital expenditure, to remodel more than a third of its 1,800 stores, speed up its expansion of small-format stores, bolster online operations, and launch new brands. The company will also use stores as local distribution hubs — using the backroom storage areas to also house goods bought online directly to homes, or held there to be picked up by shoppers. Target is now using about 1,000 stores for direct shipping in a bid to match Amazon’s free, two-day delivery available to its Prime customers. With those measures in place, Target said it expects profits to start growing again in 2019 after taking a hit of $1 billion this year to profit margins. Cornell had said Target wants to return to more consistent low prices on essentials to deepen loyalty among shoppers, a shift from the temporary discounts it had been promoting. That might look like it’s stealing a page from Wal-Mart’s playbook. But Cornell said Target is focusing on exclusive brands and the experience customers have in stores as well. All traditional retailers have struggled as Amazon and other online retailers draw shoppers away. Under Cornell, Target had cut costs, revitalized its fashion and home decor sections, tested smaller formats, and expanded online services. But Cornell found those efforts were not paying off. As Target rebuilds, Wal-Mart is expected to post another quarter of rising customer traffic and increased same-store sales Thursday as its efforts to merge online sales with its vast number of stores click. Back in 2015, Wal-Mart warned that stepped-up investments in stores and in its employees would hurt profits. Those investments appear to be paying. Traffic and sales are booming at stores as a renewed emphasis on low prices has lured shoppers back. Target is also testing a program called Restock that lets its REDcard customers order household essentials like laundry detergent, paper towels and peanut butter and have them delivered to their homes the next day. The service, being tested with employees for now, is similar to Amazon Pantry. Target said Wednesday that it earned $681 million or $1.23 per share, for the quarter ended April 29. Earnings, adjusted for pretax gains and to account for discontinued operations, came to $1.21 per share, well below the 91 cents per share that Wall Street had expected according to FactSet. Revenue fell 1.1 percent to $16.02 billion, but still beat out analyst projections of $15.62 billion. Comparable store sales fell 1.3 percent, the fourth consecutive month of declines, but with the company retrenching, it was much better than the 3.7 percent decline that industry analysts had expected. Shares jumped $4.53 to $59.06, but they’re still down more than 24 percent for the year. Tags: ap Top Videos WEDNESDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute TUESDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute MONDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute FRIDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute THURSDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute View more Top Videos Aurora Sentinel Local news, sports & entertainment News Opinion Sports Guide Events Colorado Table Markets & Events Recipes Dining Pure Colorado Sustainable Living Drink American Buffet Aurora Magazine The Lifestyle magazine for the greater Aurora region Home Features Check Please About Us Email Newsletters Daily Headlines Prep Sports FindIt! Classified Marketplace Contact Us Newsroom Services Advertising Services Subscriber Services Make a Payment Advertising Payment Subscription Payment Call 303.750.7555 Aurora Media Group Print, Digital & Direct Marketing Solutions for Metro Aurora Colorado including Aurora Sentinel, Aurora Magazine, Buckley Guardian. Learn more © 2017 Aurora Sentinel. All rights reserved.
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Don't Miss Op-Ed: Project risk management: a quality-based approach Target profit rises, though a key sales measure falls Google rolling out arsenal of services, gadgets House chairman pushes privatizing air traffic control in US Another round of premium hikes: blame Trump or Obama? Louisiana tax break for diapers, tampons shelved by senators Senators reject bill objecting to penalties for no insurance New Bollinger drydock doubles lifting weight at New Orleans Cracker Barrel settles federal suit over handicapped parking Ford to cut 1,400 jobs in North America, Asia New Orleans CityBusiness The Business Newspaper of Metropolitan New Orleans News FEATURES Commission Accomplished Dining Out Q&A Renovation Report Startup CloseUp These Walls Office Space What’s On Your Phone Money Construction and Real Estate Government and Politics Energy Health Care Law Ports and Transportation Retail and Hospitality Technology Guest Perspective Events Leadership in Law Nomination Form Health Care Heroes Nomination Form Money Makers Nomination Form Women of the Year Nomination Form Best Places to Work Nomination Form Reprints Around Town People this Week Calendar Ones to Watch FYI Special Sections Top Construction Projects Health Care Annual Education Guide Real Estate Trends Path to Excellence Book of Lists E-mail Updates Classifieds Directory Advertising Subscribe Manage Account News FEATURES Commission Accomplished Dining Out Q&A Renovation Report Startup CloseUp These Walls Office Space What’s On Your Phone Money Construction and Real Estate Government and Politics Energy Health Care Law Ports and Transportation Retail and Hospitality Technology Guest Perspective Events Leadership in Law Nomination Form Health Care Heroes Nomination Form Money Makers Nomination Form Women of the Year Nomination Form Best Places to Work Nomination Form Reprints Around Town People this Week Calendar Ones to Watch FYI Special Sections Top Construction Projects Health Care Annual Education Guide Real Estate Trends Path to Excellence Book of Lists E-mail Updates Classifieds Directory Advertising Home / News / Money / Target profit rises, though a key sales measure falls Target profit rises, though a key sales measure falls By: The Associated Press May 17, 2017 0 Target’s first-quarter profit rose almost 8 percent as attempts to turn its business around appear to be gaining some traction. Sales at established stores fell for the fourth consecutive quarter, but the decline was less than expected, and online sales surged 22 percent. While the good pieces of news sent shares up more than 2 percent in midday trading Wednesday, CEO Brian Cornell still needs to find a way for Target to thrive in the face of intense pressure from Amazon and Wal-Mart. One of Target’s key problems is that customer traffic declines extended into the first quarter and the amount shoppers put in their baskets also dropped. And Target also is still struggling with groceries and essentials, which drive shoppers to the store. “While we are pleased that our first-quarter financial performance was better than expectations, our results are not where we want them to be and we have much more work to do,” Cornell told investors. He noted that results have been volatile week to week since Christmas. Facing those challenges, Target had announced plans in February to remodel more than a third of its 1,800 stores over the next three years, speed up its expansion of small-format stores, bolster online operations, and launch new brands. The company will also use stores as local distribution hubs — using the backroom storage areas to also house goods bought online directly to homes, or held there to be picked up by shoppers. Target is now using about 1,000 stores for direct shipping in a bid to match Amazon’s free, two-day delivery available to its Prime customers. With those measures in place, Target said it expects profits to start growing again in 2019 after taking a hit of $1 billion this year. Cornell had said Target wants to return to more consistent low prices on essentials to deepen loyalty among shoppers, a shift from the temporary discounts it had been promoting. That might look like it’s taking a page from Wal-Mart’s playbook. But Cornell said Target is focusing on exclusive brands and the experience customers have in stores as well. Target said it launched a new ad campaign focused its convenient and low-price assortment of everyday items late in the first quarter. All traditional stores have struggled as Amazon and other online retailers draw shoppers away. Under Cornell, Target had cut costs, revitalized its fashion and home decor sections, tested smaller formats, and expanded online services. But Cornell found those efforts were not paying off. As Target works to rebuild, Wal-Mart is expected to post another quarter of higher customer traffic and increased same-store sales Thursday as its efforts to merge online sales with its vast number of stores click. Wal-Mart had warned in 2015 that stepped-up investments in stores and in its employees would hurt profits. Those investments appear to be paying off. Traffic and sales are solid at stores as a renewed emphasis on low prices has lured shoppers back. Target said it’s been seeing significant market share gains across clothing, including women’s, children’s and swimwear. And Cornell told reporters that Target is benefiting from other companies closing stores. He estimates that $45 billion to $60 billion in sales are up for grabs. The company is also testing a program called Restock that lets its REDcard customers order household essentials like laundry detergent, paper towels and peanut butter and have them delivered to their homes the next day. The service, being tested with employees for now, is similar to Amazon Pantry. It will be expanded to customers in the Minneapolis area this summer. Target had quietly raised its free shipping threshold to $35 from $25 this month, going in the opposite direction of Wal-Mart and Amazon. For the quarter ended April 29, Target earned $681 million or $1.23 per share. Adjusted earnings came to $1.21 per share, well above the 91 cents per share that Wall Street had expected according to FactSet. Revenue fell 1.1 percent to $16.02 billion, but still beat analyst projections of $15.62 billion. Comparable-store sales fell 1.3 percent, but that was better than the 3.7 percent decline analysts had expected. Target shares gained $1.15 to $55.67, but they’re still down more than 24 percent for the year. To sign up for free CityBusiness Daily Updates, click here. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Target 3:09 pm Wed, May 17, 2017 New Orleans CityBusiness The Associated Press Tagged with: Target Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Law Cracker Barrel settles federal suit over handicapped parking May 17, 2017 $7.5M settlement approved in Wal-Mart same-sex benefits case May 16, 2017 New Orleans prosecutor sued again over ‘false subpoenaes’ May 16, 2017 Money Target profit rises, though a key sales measure falls May 17, 2017 Louisiana tax break for diapers, tampons shelved by senators May 17, 2017 Tech Talk Google rolling out arsenal of services, gadgets May 17, 2017 Tech Talk: Does Surface laptop put MS back in the game? May 16, 2017 White House: Blame cyberattack on hackers, not spy agencies May 16, 2017 Ports & Transportation House chairman pushes privatizing air traffic control in US May 17, 2017 New Bollinger drydock doubles lifting weight at New Orleans May 17, 2017 Ford to cut 1,400 jobs in North America, Asia May 17, 2017 Drill Bits Boost for Louisiana gas tax takes first step in Legislature May 16, 2017 $300M auto coolant manufacturing plant opens in Geismar May 16, 2017 Spurt in oil prices pushes US stock indexes higher May 15, 2017 CityBusiness Email Alert Sign Up for New Orleans CityBusiness’ e-mail alerts. Bring the day’s business headlines directly to your desktop or mobile device free of charge. Digital Edition Get your copy of CityBusiness on Friday. Plan next week with an early look at local business news. For subscription information, please call (800) 451-9998 My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts Op-Ed: Project risk management: a quality-based approach Target profit rises, though a key sales measure falls Google rolling out arsenal of services, gadgets House chairman pushes privatizing air traffic control in US Another round of premium hikes: blame Trump or Obama? New Orleans CityBusiness ADVERTISING CONTACT US FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS NEWSSTANDS Copyright © 2017 New Orleans Publishing Group | 3445 N. Causeway Blvd., Suite 901, Metairie, LA 70002 | Phone: (504)834-9292 E-mail: mail@nopg.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Retail Search Search BrazilBrazil’s President Was Reportedly Taped Discussing Hush Money for a Witness in a Huge Graft Probe NAFTACanada’s Foreign Minister Will Visit Mexico to Discuss Renegotiating NAFTA TechAlmost 40,000 AT&T Workers Threaten Weekend Strike CongressU.S. Cyber Bill Would Shift Power From Spy Agency A Lidl supermarket stand at the Salon de l'Agriculture in Paris JOEL SAGET AFP/Getty Images Grocery German Newcomer Lidl Threatens Walmart in Discount Grocery Wars Phil Wahba May 17, 2017 Here come more German grocers. Lidl, a Teutonic discount supermarket chain, is set to open its first U.S. stores next month, in a move that could jeopardize Walmart's (wmt) hard fought share gains in the lower-priced grocery wars. The retailer announced on Wednesday its first 20 U.S. stores would open June 15 in the Carolinas and Virginia, with another 80 slated within a year. Lidl, pronounced "Leedle," will go head to head with another German discounter, Aldi, and other grocers using its well-honed strategy of operating no-frills, small stores of about 20,000 square-feet and a heavy emphasis on store brands it says are on par with national brands. Some 90% of merchandise will be its own products, a tactic that offers higher margins and more control over inventory and offer low prices. At a media event earlier in the week in New York, Lidl sought to burnish its image as a purveyor of quality products despite the lower prices and tap what it considers an underserved markets. Among the products it displayed were certified fresh and frozen seafood, wines, Italian cheeses, and baked goods. "This is the right time for us to enter the United States," Brendan Proctor, Lidl U.S. CEO, told reporters. Lidl, which is well established in Europe with about 10,000 stores, could grow to have a $8.8 billion in sales by 2023 with 630 stores, according to a 2016 forecast by Kantar Retail. And rivals are taking notice. The move represents a new challenge to traditional grocers like Kroger (kr) and Walmart (wmt), which last year rolled out vastly improved fresh food sections at thousands of stores. Though Lidl is unlikely to be a place where shoppers do their full week's grocery, its lower prices could hurt the likes of Walmart or Target (tgt) for so called "fill-in" trips, when people go to pick up a few items. And Lidl's arrival comes at a time when Whole Foods Market (wfm) is expanding its 365 chain of lower-price grocery stores. Walmart has long felt pressure from Aldi, which first came to the U.S. in 1976 and now has 1,600 U.S. stores, including many it is upgrading as part of a $1.6 billion program. But it is clear Lidl means business. Reuters recently reported that Walmart is running price tests in 11 U.S. states, pushing suppliers to beat rivals' prices by 15% percent, while Aldi is gunning for prices 21% below competitors in the U.S. While it's unclear how much of the market Lidl will be able to grab, its arrival comes at a time most grocers are dealing with lower food prices and decreasing sales, even at long time winners like Kroger and Publix. The food fight among grocers is only getting started. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Odd News Police seek 'clumsy' shoplifter who crashed Walmart cart By Ben Hooper   |   May 17, 2017 at 3:40 PM Follow @oddnewsupi Comments Wellington Cty OPP-seeking female shoplifting suspect and accomplices. Fergus Wal-mart 26APR17. Call police. Media-Joshua.cunningham@opp.ca pic.twitter.com/RYfXBM2ZyC— OPP West (@OPP_WR) May 12, 2017 May 17 (UPI) -- Police in Ontario are searching for a "clumsy shoplifting suspect" caught on camera crashing a shopping cart full of pilfered items in a Walmart parking lot. The Ontario Provincial Police, West Division, tweeted a video of the woman running out of the Walmart store in Fergus while pushing a shopping cart filled with $651.55 worth of items that were not properly purchased. The video shows the woman, who is being pursued by a Walmart employee, crash the cart on a curb, causing it to overturn and the woman to fall to the ground. The woman gets up and flees the scene while the Walmart worker recovers the items. Police said the footage was filmed April 26. They said workers at the store recognized the woman from an earlier shoplifting incident when more than $2,500 worth of merchandise was stolen. Investigators said the woman was accompanied by two men and three other women on both occasions. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories Cellphone thief mistakenly runs straight to police station Oregon package thief leaves behind 'thank you' note Thief crawls into store to steal children's magazines Comments Topics: Ontario Provincial Police Latest Headlines Softball players rescue iguana from Minnesota tree 8 hours ago ago May 17 (UPI) -- A group of softball players in Minneapolis teamed up to rescue an escaped iguana that fled to the top of a neighborhood tree. Ostrich pokes head into kitchen to steal food from dogs 10 hours ago ago May 17 (UPI) -- A pet owner captured video of her Jack Russell terriers confronting an ostrich that reached into the kitchen to steal food from their bowls. Hundreds volunteer for opportunity to adopt rare male 'tortoiseshell' kitten 10 hours ago ago May 17 (UPI) -- More than 300 people have volunteered to adopt a rare male "tortoiseshell" kitten from an animal shelter in New Jersey. Police: Drunk driving suspect had a lizard in her bra 11 hours ago ago May 17 (UPI) -- Police in Massachusetts said the arrest of a drunken driving suspect took a bizarre turn when she was found to be carrying a bearded dragon in her bra. Ducklings use ramp to waddle into Capitol Reflecting Pool 11 hours ago ago May 17 (UPI) -- A family of ducks in Washington D.C. used a newly constructed ramp to waddle their way into the U.S. Capitol Reflecting Pool. Trending Stories Bear cubs bounce, wrestle on Connecticut family's trampoline Hundreds volunteer for opportunity to adopt rare male 'tortoiseshell' kitten Wales charity asks people to stop donating 'The Da Vinci Code' Ostrich pokes head into kitchen to steal food from dogs Softball players rescue iguana from Minnesota tree Photos Scenes from Donald Trump's White House Goldie Hawn, Amy Schumer attend the premiere of their film, 'Snatched,' in Los Angeles Composer Jerry Goldsmith receives posthumous star on Walk of Fame Robert De Niro honored at Chaplin Award Gala in New York Charlie Hunnam, Eric Bana attend 'King Arthur' premiere in Los Angeles 2017 MTV Movie & TV Awards winners Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Latest News Dow 20,607 -372.82 -1.78% Nasdaq 6,011 -158.63 -2.57% S&P 500 2,357 -43.64 -1.82% 2:55 A.M. ET Burberry pretax profit below forecasts 2:48 A.M. ET French unemployment rate falls to 5-year low 2:47 A.M. ET Merck profit falls 12% 2:46 A.M. ET Cisco to lay off another 1,100 workers 2:46 A.M. ET Grupo Lala leads bids for Danone's Stonyfield Farm 2:46 A.M. ET Philippine economy unexpectedly loses steam 2:45 A.M. ET Chinese investors aren't buying PBOC's yuan fix 1:20 A.M. ET Oil prices step back as focus turns to OPEC meeting 1:03 A.M. ET Australian jobless rate sees surprise April fall 12:54 A.M. ET Japan economic growth picks up speed 12:01 A.M. ET Rents in San Francisco — and these 4 other cities — are getting slashed like crazy 5/17 Global investors must remember ‘all news is local,’ says Mark Mobius 5/17 Wall Street selloff sends Asian markets sprawling 5/17 Updated Man who called Dow 20,000 says stock market could see 1,000-point jump if Trump resigns 5/17 Volkswagen CEO named in criminal probe 5/17 Updated Trump knew Flynn was under investigation before hiring him: report 5/17 U.S. officials denounce violent attack by Turkish security on D.C. protesters 5/17 Updated When did you become an adult? Seth Meyers (and our parents) reveal the exact moment... 5/17 Updated Make this mistake at work and you’re likely to make your life miserable 5/17 Updated Trump to propose scrapping beleaguered student loan forgiveness program — report Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Retail/Wholesale Wal-Mart option traders are ‘overly complacent’ about earnings By Tomi Kilgore Published: May 17, 2017 4:24 p.m. ET Share Options ‘straddle’ pricing in a post-earnings stock move at the low end of the recent range Getty Images By TomiKilgore Reporter and editor Goldman Sachs is recommending investors buy short-term volatility in Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s stock, because options traders appear to be overly carefree ahead of the discount retail giant’s earnings report. An options strategy known as a “straddle” is pricing in a 3.0% move in the stock WMT, +0.01%  , in either direction, after Wal-Mart reports its first-quarter results early Thursday. Goldman analyst Katherine Fogertey believes that expected move is too small, she said, considering the stock’s post-earnings trading history and the current retail environment. Read more: Here are some of the retailers most at risk of default On the day of the past eight quarterly reports, Wal-Mart’s stock has moved with a range of plus or minus 2% to plus or minus 10%, Fogertey said, while the average move during that time was 4%, according to FactSet data. “We believe option investors are overly complacent on [Wal-Mart’s stock] ahead of earnings and recommend investors position with straddles to profit if shares trade up or down more than the low level of implied move on earnings currently priced into options,” Fogertey wrote in a note to clients. A straddle is a pure volatility play, which involves the simultaneous buying of bullish and bearish options with the same strike price set at current levels. Buyers of Wal-Mart straddles, which expire Friday, would begin making money if the stock moves up more than 3%, or falls more than 3%. Fogertey said that while a “bull case” is emerging for the shares, the Goldman analyst covering Wal-Mart, Matt Fassler, doesn’t believe this is a true “breakout” story, according to Fogertey. Although the company’s move to two-day free shipping for orders over $35 likely helped Wal-Mart grow online market share, Fassler cautioned investors that the retail giant’s online efforts are small relative to the rest of its business, and may come at a cost to margins. “[Fassler] does not believe investors will welcome continued headwinds from online investments,” Fogertey wrote. FactSet EPS reported relative to expectations and stock price effect. See also: Every time this happens, Amazon crushes another legacy retailer There is also some concern the stock has already priced in an upbeat earnings report. Helping support the bullish case, Target Corp.’s stock TGT, +0.94% climbed 0.9% in afternoon trade Wednesday after the rival discount retailer reported first-fiscal-quarter profit, revenue and same-store sales that beat expectations. Don’t miss: Wal-Mart earnings: Results expected to be steady in a sea of tumbling retailers Wal-Mart’s stock eked out a gain of less than 0.1% on Wednesday. It has slipped 0.1% since the end of April, while Target shares have lost 1.5%, the SPDR S&P Retail exchange-traded fund XRT, -2.06% has shed 4.7%, and the S&P 500 index SPX, -1.82% has slipped 1.1%. Meanwhile, this earnings season has been rough for the other food and staples components of the S&P 500. For that sector, first-quarter earnings per share are now headed for a year-over-year decline of 4.4%, compared with expectations of a 2% decline at the start of the quarter, according to FactSet. Although sales have increased 2.6%, that is still less than the 3.3% growth that was previously expected. More from MarketWatch Wall Street selloff sends Asian markets sprawling Global investors must remember ‘all news is local,’ says Mark Mobius Man who called Dow 20,000 says stock market could see 1,000-point jump if Trump resigns Quote References WMT +0.01 +0.01% TGT +0.51 +0.94% XRT -0.86 -2.06% SPX -43.64 -1.82% Most Popular Man who called Dow 20,000 says stock market could see 1,000-point jump if Trump resigns Who’s more entitled — baby boomers or millennials? Finally, an answer... This sell-off is as much about earnings as it is about Trump Here’s how impeachment works — and why Trump is safe for now Rebuilding a Historic Villa on the French Riviera Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. MarketWatch Partner Center Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $75.12 +0.01 (+0.01%) Volume 10.2M Open $75.05 High $75.73 Low $74.96 P/E Ratio 17.11 Div Yield 2.72 Market Cap 227.7B Target Corp. U.S.: NYSE: TGT $55.04 +0.51 (+0.94%) Volume 22.7M Open $56.96 High $56.97 Low $55.04 P/E Ratio 11.23 Div Yield 4.36 Market Cap 30.1B SPDR S&P Retail ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XRT $40.88 -0.86 (-2.06%) Volume 4.7M Open $41.55 High $41.62 Low $40.88 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.06 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,357.03 -43.64 (-1.82%) Volume 2.7B Open 2,383 High 2,385 Low 2,356 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Don't Miss Vikings officials do show-and-tell in Eagan Rail bypass project in Willmar gets approval from feds Just Sold: Scannell buys former Walgreens distribution center Edina condo plan called ‘slam dunk’ due to pent-up demand Dayton vetoes road-funding bill, calling it ‘inadequate’ Hoskin plans retail project next to Blaine airport Finance & Commerce announces Top Projects of 2016 Hennepin County awards nearly $5M in housing grants A new wing – and a prayer – for Westminster Presbyterian MnDOT wage rule draws lawsuit from trucking company Finance & Commerce News Business & Economy Construction & Development Economic Development Finance & Banking Real Estate Regional Planning & Transit Nation & World In Brief Regular Features Building Blocks How To Just Sold MN Snapshot Point Person Sustainable Top Transactions Special Sections Health Care Top Women in Finance Progress Minnesota Top Projects Twin Cities Tenant Focus on Data Center Construction Focus on Commercial Real Estate Health Care Sector Transit-Oriented Development Investment Guide 2014 State of the Construction Industry Experts Forum How to Make Mixed-Income Housing Happen Cybersecurity Public Notices Public Notices Submit a Public Notice Events CRE Class 130 Year Anniversary Progress Minnesota Top Projects Top Women in Finance Advertising Advertise Digital Marketing Marketplace Reprints Subscribe Classifieds Sponsored Trackers Rochester on the Rise Tracker Hotel Development and Sales Tracker Apartment Development Tracker Apartment Sales Tracker Subscribe Manage Account News Business & Economy Construction & Development Economic Development Finance & Banking Real Estate Regional Planning & Transit Nation & World In Brief Regular Features Building Blocks How To Just Sold MN Snapshot Point Person Sustainable Top Transactions Special Sections Health Care Top Women in Finance Progress Minnesota Top Projects Twin Cities Tenant Focus on Data Center Construction Focus on Commercial Real Estate Health Care Sector Transit-Oriented Development Investment Guide 2014 State of the Construction Industry Experts Forum How to Make Mixed-Income Housing Happen Cybersecurity Public Notices Public Notices Submit a Public Notice Events CRE Class 130 Year Anniversary Progress Minnesota Top Projects Top Women in Finance Advertising Advertise Digital Marketing Marketplace Reprints Subscribe Classifieds Sponsored Trackers Rochester on the Rise Tracker Hotel Development and Sales Tracker Apartment Development Tracker Apartment Sales Tracker Home / Nation & World / Target profit rises, though a key sales measure falls Part of Target’s plan to turn its business around is to remodel 1,800 stores over the next three years, including its Nicollet Mall store in downtown Minneapolis. (Submitted illustration: Target Corp.) Target profit rises, though a key sales measure falls By: The Associated Press May 17, 2017 1:53 pm 0 NEW YORK — Target’s first-quarter profit rose almost 8 percent as attempts to turn its business around appear to be gaining some traction. Sales at established stores fell for the fourth consecutive quarter, but the decline was less than expected, and online sales surged 22 percent. While the good pieces of news sent shares up more than 2 percent in midday trading Wednesday, CEO Brian Cornell still needs to find a way for Target to thrive in the face of intense pressure from Amazon and Wal-Mart. One of Target’s key problems is that customer traffic declines extended into the first quarter and the amount shoppers put in their baskets also dropped.  And Target also is still struggling with groceries and essentials, which drive shoppers to the store. “While we are pleased that our first-quarter financial performance was better than expectations, our results are not where we want them to be and we have much more work to do,” Cornell told investors. He noted that results have been volatile week to week since Christmas. Facing those challenges, Target had announced plans in February to remodel more than a third of its 1,800 stores over the next three years, speed up its expansion of small-format stores, bolster online operations, and launch new brands. The company will also use stores as local distribution hubs. Target is now using about 1,000 stores for direct shipping in a bid to match Amazon’s free, two-day delivery available to its Prime customers. With those measures in place, Target said it expects profits to start growing again in 2019 after taking a hit of $1 billion this year. Cornell had said Target wants to return to more consistent low prices on essentials to deepen loyalty among shoppers, a shift from the temporary discounts it had been promoting. That might look like it’s taking a page from Wal-Mart’s playbook. But Cornell said Target is focusing on exclusive brands and the experience customers have in stores as well. Target said it launched a new ad campaign focused its convenient and low-price assortment of everyday items late in the first quarter. All traditional stores have struggled as Amazon and other online retailers draw shoppers away. Under Cornell, Target had cut costs, revitalized its fashion and home decor sections, tested smaller formats, and expanded online services. But Cornell found those efforts were not paying off. As Target works to rebuild, Wal-Mart is expected to post another quarter of higher customer traffic and increased same-store sales Thursday as its efforts to merge online sales with its vast number of stores click. Wal-Mart had warned in 2015 that stepped-up investments in stores and in its employees would hurt profits. Those investments appear to be paying off. Traffic and sales are solid at stores as a renewed emphasis on low prices has lured shoppers back. Target said it’s been seeing significant market share gains across clothing, including women’s, children’s and swimwear. And Cornell told reporters that Target is benefiting from other companies closing stores. He estimates that $45 billion to $60 billion in sales are up for grabs. The company is also testing a program called Restock that lets its REDcard customers order household essentials like laundry detergent, paper towels and peanut butter and have them delivered to their homes the next day. The service, being tested with employees for now, is similar to Amazon Pantry. It will be expanded to customers in the Minneapolis area this summer. Target had quietly raised its free shipping threshold to $35 from $25 this month, going in the opposite direction of Wal-Mart and Amazon. For the quarter ended April 29, Target earned $681 million or $1.23 per share. Adjusted earnings came to $1.21 per share, well above the 91 cents per share that Wall Street had expected according to FactSet. Revenue fell 1.1 percent to $16.02 billion, but still beat analyst projections of $15.62 billion. Comparable-store sales fell 1.3 percent, but that was better than the 3.7 percent decline analysts had expected. Share this: Print Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google 1:53 pm Wed, May 17, 2017 The Associated Press Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Latest Posts Vikings officials do show-and-tell in Eagan May 17, 2017 4:37 pm Rail bypass project in Willmar gets approval from feds May 17, 2017 3:30 pm Just Sold: Scannell buys former Walgreens distribution center May 17, 2017 7:00 am Edina condo plan called ‘slam dunk’ due to pent-up demand May 16, 2017 5:09 pm Dayton vetoes road-funding bill, calling it ‘inadequate’ May 16, 2017 4:06 pm Hoskin plans retail project next to Blaine airport May 16, 2017 3:26 pm Finance & Commerce announces Top Projects of 2016 May 16, 2017 1:29 pm Editors’ Picks Our best, right now. Vikings officials do show-and-tell in Eagan by Clare Kennedy | May. 17 Just Sold: Scannell buys former Walgreens distribution center by Anne Bretts | May. 17 Edina condo plan called ‘slam dunk’ due to pent-up demand by Matt M. Johnson | May. 16 Dayton vetoes road-funding bill, calling it ‘inadequate’ by Brian Johnson | May. 16 Finance & Commerce announces Top Projects of 2016 by Finance & Commerce | May. 16 In Brief NTI to provide services for Thor project May 16, 2017 3:58 pm Comment period kicks off on Enbridge Line 3 pipeline review May 15, 2017 3:38 pm Most-read stories: Week of May 8 May 15, 2017 10:23 am Excelsior Group names Brandl Radovitskiy as VP May 11, 2017 11:04 am Vegas-based sandwich chain to enter Twin Cities May 8, 2017 4:14 pm Features Sustainable: Green Building Council expanding focus May 2, 2017 7:02 am Building Blocks: 333 on the Park April 21, 2017 7:02 am Sustainable: Energy partnership targets public housing April 4, 2017 7:02 am Sustainable: Organizations warming to geothermal energy March 7, 2017 7:03 am Nation & World Chao calls Penn Station’s transit woes `absolute priority’ May 17, 2017 4:17 pm PawSox owners seek $38 million taxpayer help for new stadium May 17, 2017 4:17 pm Apartment complex owner accused of housing discrimination May 17, 2017 4:17 pm U.S. households hold a record amount of debt May 17, 2017 2:34 pm Target profit rises, though a key sales measure falls May 17, 2017 1:53 pm Get the Morning Memo Subscribe to F&C's free email alert and receive business news updates every weekday. Email Address * Twitter Buzz My Tweets Most-Read Content Finance & Commerce announces Top Projects of 2016 Edina condo plan called ‘slam dunk’ due to pent-up demand Dayton vetoes road-funding bill, calling it ‘inadequate’ Hennepin County awards nearly $5M in housing grants Just Sold: Scannell buys former Walgreens distribution center Finance & Commerce announces Top Projects of 2016 Experts Forum: How to Make Mixed-Income Housing Happen Golf Special Section Profiles of Progress MN 2017 honorees Digital Edition The Digital Edition of Finance & Commerce is available to both print and online subscribers. Current edition Recent Comments Jeremiah: If you look at the average rental rates in cities like Seatt... Zach Pasdoe: If you look at what has been built or what is currently unde... Eddie Rogers: I will believe it when I see it.... My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts May 18, 2017 Digital Edition Vikings officials do show-and-tell in Eagan Chao calls Penn Station’s transit woes `absolute priority’ PawSox owners seek $38 million taxpayer help for new stadium Apartment complex owner accused of housing discrimination Finance and Commerce ABOUT CONTACT US ADVERTISE REPRINTS FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Copyright © 2017 Finance and Commerce | Suite 2300, Campbell Mithun Tower, 222 South Ninth Street, Minneapolis, MN 55402 | (612) 333-4244
About Contact Find a Paper Advertise Classifieds Place a Classified Ad LGBT Weekly Digital Magazine Stay Connected Latest Posts in RSS Latest Comments in RSS Follow us on Twitter Connect on Facebook Home Editorial Online Only Top Highlights This Week Around the City Around the Nation Around the World By the Numbers Feature Story Commentary Conversations with the Mayor of Hillcrest Trans Progressive Politically Aware All Out Politics Section 4A The City: Top to Bottom Entertainment News Movie Review DVR This DVD of the Week Entertainment Feature Bookwatch Eat This! Social Chaos Where's the Faith? Bill's Briefs Scene Out Breaking News Bottom Highlights Event Calendar The Vault EpiCenter Bobby R. Presents Restaurant Review After Dark Calendar Raising Alek Allan's A-List The Gay Boy Next Door After Dark Photos Parting Shots Gear Up! Chef's Skillet The Media Closet Gaywatch Legalese Ambassador of the Night The Money Shot The Arts Design Time The Pride Card Marketplace Real Estate Real Estate Photo Classifieds Health & Wellness The Art of Wellness Latest Issue Home » Online Only, Top Highlights, Section 4A » New report: America’s largest employers are leaving the majority of their workforce out of parental leave policies New report: America’s largest employers are leaving the majority of their workforce out of parental leave policies Posted by Steve Lee, Editor Online Only, Top Highlights, Section 4A Wednesday, May 17th, 2017 SAN FRANCISCO, Calif. – Today, Paid Leave for the United States released their second report on paid family leave policies at the top employers in the U.S. The new report, “The Haves and Have Nots of Paid Family Leave,” examines the differences in policies between corporate and low-wage employees at the same company. The findings are stark: many of the largest employers in the United States provide significantly more paid family leave to corporate employees, while offering little — or nothing at all — to hourly, field, and part-time workers.   Of the 22 confirmed corporate policies in the report, seven companies were transparent about the unequal paid family leave they are providing to lower-wage workers: AT&T, Darden Restaurants, McDonalds, Starbucks, Supervalu, Walmart, and Yum!Brands (Taco Bell, Pizza Hut). An additional four companies confirmed that their policies left out parents who are part-time workers: Amazon, Marriott, Nike, and Toys R Us.   “The children of low-income working parents deserve just as much bonding time as the children of corporate executives,” said Katie Bethell, Founder and Director of Paid Leave for the United States. “It is inhumane that one in four U.S. women goes back to work less than two weeks after having a baby. We need corporate and public policies that ensure everyone has the time they need to care for their families.”   Starbucks has one of the most unequal policies, providing  18 weeks of fully-paid leave for new mothers and 12 weeks fully paid for new fathers in corporate headquarters, but only six weeks for barista birth moms and nothing for barista dads or adoptive parents. Starbucks employs around 5,000 people in its corporate headquarters and around 150,000 in the stores, so their highly-touted policy only benefits 3% of their total U.S. workforce.   The nation’s largest private employer, Walmart, is another example — the company provides twelve weeks of paid leave for corporate employees, and 6-8 weeks partially paid leave to full-time hourly employees. And while Yum Brands! (Taco Bell,  KFC, Pizza Hut) employees in corporate headquarters get 6 weeks paid family leave, hourly employees who work at the restaurants receive no paid family leave at all.   “Like so many moms today, I work hard to support and care for my family, said Liz Loudermilk, a Walmart associate in South Carolina and member of Our Walmart. “I’m due to give birth to our second child in November. Even though Walmart is the largest private employer of women in the U.S., they don’t offer even a paid day off when you have a child. I’m worried I’ll have to return to work too soon after my baby is born.”   In addition, many companies are still not transparent about whether their policies are equal for different classes of employees. More than a third of the top retail employers are not transparent about their paid family leave policies: Trader Joe’s responded to the research inquiry to say that they would not be transparent with this information, and Albertsons, Citigroup, Costco, Gap, H&M, Kroger, Neiman Marcus, Rite Aid, Walgreens, Wegmans, and Whole Foods did not respond to any requests for information on their policies.By comparison, some companies are finding ways to establish fair and equal policies. Ikea leads the retail industry, offering up to four months of paid parental leave to all 14,000 hourly and salaried employees. Levi’s and Nordstrom have also made recent announcement about parental leave policies that apply equally to their retail staff as well as their corporate headquarters: Levi’s offers up to 16 weeks of paid family leave for birth mothers and 8 weeks for other new parents, and Nordstrom offers 12 weeks for birth mothers and 6 weeks for other new parents. In the financial sector, Bank of America, Wells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase provide equal paid leave to all their employees, both hourly and salaried. Employees at companies highlighted in the report are sharing their experiences and advocating for policy changes that benefit all employees. You can find out more about their campaigns here. Short URL: http://lgbtweekly.com/?p=79717 Posted by Steve Lee, Editor on May 17, 2017. Filed under Online Only, Top Highlights, Section 4A. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. You can leave a response or trackback to this entry Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website BREAKING NEWS Human rights advocacy groups recognize IDAHOT Online Only Chelsea Manning released from military prison New report: America’s largest employers are leaving the majority of their workforce out of parental leave policies 'Roseanne' with original cast members is returning to ABC Republican Rep. Darrell Issa denies giving reporter the finger OutRight honors LGBTIQ human rights defenders at United Nations SOHO to celebrate 35th annual People In Preservation Awards May 18 Lambda Legal: Sessions’ newfound sympathy for transgender people is a cynical ploy Trump expands Global Gag Rule putting millions at risk worldwide San Diego beach trash data reveals 80 percent of shoreline litter contains plastic AMPA announces new scholarship program to help military spouses through higher education Read more Pride Card Deals loading... LGBT Weekly Digital Magazine STAY UPDATED After Dark Calendar After Dark Photos All Out Politics Allan's A-List Ambassador of the Night Around the City Around the Nation Around the World Bill's Briefs Bobby R. Presents Bookwatch Bottom Highlights Breaking News By the Numbers Chef's Skillet Commentary Conversations with the Mayor of Hillcrest Design Time DVD of the Week DVR This Eat This! Editorial Entertainment Feature Entertainment News EpiCenter Event Calendar Feature Story Gaywatch Gear Up! Health & Wellness Latest Issue Legalese Marketplace Movie Review Online Only Parting Shots Politically Aware Raising Alek Real Estate Real Estate Photo Classifieds Restaurant Review Scene Out Section 4A Social Chaos The Art of Wellness The Arts The City: Top to Bottom The Gay Boy Next Door The Media Closet The Money Shot The Pride Card The Vault This Week Top Highlights Trans Progressive Videos Where's the Faith? © 2017 LGBT Weekly. All Rights Reserved. Log in - Website by BluSkye Group
Home News Sports Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Today’s Paper Subscribe Trending Today’s Paper Subscriptions Newsletter Daily Deals Twin Cities Home News Sports Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Today’s Paper Subscribe Trending Target sales slide, and CEO says, ’We have… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) OUR PICKS: New fish & chips spot St. Paul fights ash borer Trump-Comey hearing Children’s Museum bash Alternative Fats (the pig) Twister ‘minute of terror’ Vote: best patio dining Great charcuterie News Business Target sales slide, and CEO says, ’We have much more work to do’ Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By Khadeeja Safdar | Dow Jones News Service PUBLISHED: May 17, 2017 at 1:45 pm | UPDATED: May 17, 2017 at 2:00 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Most Popular Girl, 15, he lured to St. Paul park turned out to be BCA agent, charges say Hall of fame coach cries foul over Gophers’ NCAA softball slight Former Twins prospect Henry Sanchez, 30, dies of cancer Downtown St. Paul building manager wants relief from skyway ‘crazy show’ St. Thomas Academy teacher smoked pot with, bought booze for and sexually propositioned students, investigators say Gophers softball coach Jessica Allister: ‘We’re going to prove them wrong.’ Target Corp. sales continued to fall in its most recent quarter as the retailer said it would invest billions in redesigning stores, launching exclusive store brands and lowering prices. The Minneapolis-based company’s sales at stores open at least a year fell 1.3 percent in its fiscal first quarter ended April 29, thanks in part to lower foot traffic and average orders. Sales fell 1.1 percent to $16.02 billion. Target CEO Brian Cornell stands in the entryway of the new Streeterville Target in Chicago on Oct. 22, 2015. (Erin Hooley/Chicago Tribune/TNS) Profits, though, rose to $681 million, or $1.23 a share, from $632 million, or $1.05 a share, in the year-ago period. While the profit exceeded Wall Street’s expectations, “we’re not doing any high-fives in the room here today,” Target’s Chief Executive Brian Cornell said during a call with analysts. “Our results are not where we want them to be, and we have much more work to do,” he said. Target plans to invest $7 billion over the next three years on store improvements, new brands and developing its digital and supply-chain capabilities. It also expects to sacrifice about $1 billion of potential profit to lower prices and drive lower-margin digital sales. The company has been squeezed in recent years by Amazon.com Inc.as shopping moves online, and by Wal-Mart Stores Inc., which has remodeled stores and lowered prices. Wal-Mart is scheduled to report results Thursday. INDUSTRY STRUGGLES U.S. retailers have closed stores at a record pace this year as they feel the fallout from decades of overbuilding and the growth of e-commerce. Several chains have filed for bankruptcy protection, including teen retailer Rue21 on Monday. Mr. Cornell said he expects to see pressure from closings and liquidations, though they represent a business opportunity in the long term. Target shares rose 3 percent to $56.21 in morning trading Wednesday, though analysts cautioned that the company exceeded earnings targets that it had previously lowered. “It should have been obvious that Target was going to easily beat,” wrote John Zolidis, an analyst at Buckingham Research Group, since it “guided to a sequentially much worse performance and the environment, while difficult, didn’t change that much since the holidays.”  Related Articles Justice Dept. sues UnitedHealth in Medicare whistleblower case, report says HealthEast, Fairview merger to be completed June 1 Minneapolis-St. Paul area grew by nearly 200,000 since 2010 Minnesota comment period kicks off on Enbridge Line 3 pipeline review Twin Cities described as ‘fast’ housing market Mr. Cornell said the company is pursuing merchandising and marketing efforts to re-establish Target as a low-price competitor on key items. “We believe that consumer perception of value at Target has not reflected how low our out-the-door prices really are,” he said. The company also highlighted its swimwear line, Shade & Shore, and said it expects to pick up market share from rivals like Victoria’s Secret, which began phasing out the category last year. And in addition to working on its existing stores, Target has recently opened smaller stores in New York City and other urban markets. IMPROVING DIGITAL SALES The retailer is also attempting to improve online margins, raising the free shipping minimum to $35 from $25 and encouraging shoppers to make bigger purchases with a new test program that allows them to order a box of household essentials delivered within two days for a flat fee. Digital sales in the fiscal first quarter grew to 4.3 percent of total revenue, up from 3.5 percent in the same quarter last year, with comparable digital channel sales increasing 22 percent. Target’s food and beverage comparable sales continued to fall, despite its efforts to improve a category that serves as a big traffic driver and accounts for 20 percent of its sales. Last year, the company walked away from an acquisition of Phoenix-based grocery chain Sprouts Farmers Market Inc. Earlier this year, Target replaced its grocery chief, hiring former Kroger Co. executive Jeff Burt. “Our food or beverage businesses are not where we want them to be,” said Mr. Cornell. Target backed the full-year profit forecast of $3.80 to $4.20 a share that it issued in February, which at the time fell far short of Wall Street’s expectations. It said on Wednesday that there was an increased chance it would exceed the midpoint of that range. Tags:  Business News Khadeeja Safdar As you comment, please be respectful of other commenters and other viewpoints. Our goal with article comments is to provide a space for civil, informative and constructive conversations. We reserve the right to remove any comment we deem to be defamatory, rude, insulting to others, hateful, off-topic or reckless to the community. See our full terms of use here. View Comments blog comments powered by Disqus More in Business Downtown St. Paul building manager wants relief from skyway ‘crazy show’ May 17, 2017, 10:12 pm Citing a scary encounter in a skyway restroom, the daughter of one of downtown St. Paul’s biggest property owners is asking the city to let her close her skyway doors early. But the city’s not too keen on the idea. Read More Justice Dept. sues UnitedHealth in Medicare whistleblower case, report says May 16, 2017, 9:26 pm Reuters is reporting that the U.S. Justice Department, for the second time in a month, has sued Minnetonka-based UnitedHealth Group, accusing the nation’s largest health insurer of obtaining over $1 billion from Medicare to which it was not entitled. The complaint, filed Tuesday in federal court in Los Angeles, came after the Justice Department brought a separate but similar case... Read More HealthEast, Fairview merger to be completed June 1 May 16, 2017, 6:44 pm The boards of Fairview and HealthEast have approved the merger of the two metro-area hospital systems, and the deal is now expected to be completed June 1, the two organizations announced Tuesday. The combined system will be led by Fairview President and CEO James Hereford. HealthEast CEO Kathryn Correia will join the senior executive team as chief administrative officer. “Bringing... Read More Minnesota comment period kicks off on Enbridge Line 3 pipeline review May 15, 2017, 9:59 pm The Minnesota Department of Commerce kicked off a comment period Monday that will include 22 public meetings as it released a draft environmental review of Enbridge Energy’s proposed replacement for its aging Line 3 crude oil pipeline across northern Minnesota. The draft environmental impact statement, which numbers 1,894 pages not counting appendices, does not recommend Enbridge’s preferred route or four... Read More Business People: Sunday, May 14 May 13, 2017, 4:17 pm ADVERTISING/PUBLIC RELATIONS Friends & Neighbors creative agency, Minneapolis, recently named TJ Shaffer creative director of design and promoted writer Molly Dunne to associate creative. … Colle+McVoy, Minneapolis, said executive creative director Laura Fegley was named one of the Most Creative Women in Advertising in 2017 by Business Insider. ARCHITECTURE/ENGINEERING Design firm Stantec, Roseville, has announced the addition of resiliency expert Mark Angelo to... Read More On the Money: Why your 401(k) is vulnerable as tax reform plays out in Washington May 13, 2017, 3:21 pm If you are counting on 401(k) savings to keep a roof over your head when you retire, don’t take your eye off tax reform negotiations in Washington. Your 401(k) is vulnerable. And worse yet, if tax changes play out as some are proposing on Capitol Hill, you may have the extra burden of picking up the tab for millions of... Read More Today’s Paper Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Home News Sports Opinion Things to Do Obituaries Weather Lottery Commenting rules Special Advertising Sections Classifieds Autos Homes Jobs Careers Contact Us Customer service Newsroom Contacts Advertise with us Photo reprints Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Make Save Borrow Grow Live More Deals Are You Overpaying for Tuna or Other Groceries? Krystal Steinmetz May 17, 2017 Photo by ooddysmile stocker / Shutterstock.com Are You Overpaying for Tuna or Other Groceries? 0 Americans might be getting taken — hook, line and sinker — when they purchase canned tuna at the grocery store. Walmart and other big retailers have filed suit against America’s three largest tuna brands — Bumble Bee, StarKist and Chicken of the Sea — for allegedly colluding to fix prices for the popular U.S. sandwich staple, CBS News reports. The litigation describes regular telephone calls and meetings where “executives agreed that all three companies would collective[ly] raise prices.” They also agreed to “limit promotions and packaged tuna that undercut their published pricing,” according to court records. “We believe there is strong evidence that suppliers of canned tuna to Walmart conspired to artificially inflate and wrongfully fix prices in order to increase their own profits at the expense of consumers,” says Walmart spokesman Randy Hargrove, The Washington Post reports. In a related case filed by the U.S. Justice Department, Bumble Bee Foods last week agreed to plead guilty and pay a $25 million fine for conspiring to fix prices, according to CBS. How you can save on grocery costs You can protect yourself from getting gouged at the supermarket. We have some tips to help you save big bucks on food costs. For example, in “25 Ways to Spend Less on Food,” Maryalene LaPonsie says you should keep processed foods out of your shopping cart because they typically provide poor value. A box of macaroni and cheese might not seem expensive when you can buy it for a buck, but portion sizes are dwindling and that box likely won’t get your family very far. You might be better off investing that dollar toward the ingredients for homemade macaroni and cheese. You might pay a little more upfront, but you’ll get a meal that will feed the family and maybe even leave you with leftovers. Clipping coupons is also a great way to save some cash. If you don’t want to spend the time cutting out paper coupons, LaPonsie recommends signing up for your supermarket’s loyalty or e-coupon program. What do you think of the allegations of price-fixing by tuna companies? Sound off below or on Facebook. It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah Join our 352,554 free newsletter subscribers building wealth and destroying debt: Submit 7 Gift Card Hacks Every Shopper Should Know Knowing the right secrets can help you get more from gift cards. How to Protect Yourself From the 'Can You Hear Me?' Phone Scam 7 Dumb and Costly Moves Homebuyers Make 11 Simple Ways to Turn Trader Joe's Staples Into Scrumptious Dishes Which Cost More — Cats or Dogs? (And How to Save on Both) 11 Millionaires and Billionaires With Remarkably Thrifty Habits 7 Painless Ways to Pay Off Your Mortgage Years Earlier How to Earn Extra Money by Doing Things You’re Already Doing Comments Are You Overpaying for Tuna or Other Groceries? Get rich quick one day at a time Sign up for our free newsletter for ways to make, save, and grow your money daily: Submit 352,554 happy subscribers 121,856 12,165 How to Refinance Your Car Loan for Long-Haul Savings How to Get Amazon Prime and HBO Free 10 Strategies to Save Big Bucks on Amazon You Can’t Be Financially Secure Without These 10 Products 6 Cellphone Secrets That Can Save You Hundreds of Dollars a Year What You Need to Know About Buying or Selling a Timeshare Property 9 Golden Rules for Landing the Best Mortgage You Can 6 Ways to Get Your Official FICO Score Free Earn Up to $2,700 a Year Watching Videos, Answering Surveys Survey Sites to Turn Extra Minutes Into Extra Money 2,285 Active Deals Disney offers a personalized family decal for free with free shipping. You'll also receive a digital version to download. Disney Personalized Family Decal for free + free shipping Disney offers a personalized family decal for free with free shipping. You'll also receive a digital version to download. Read more. Updated: 1 day 14 hr ago United Airlines via ShermansTravel offers United Airlines Roundtrip Flights to Hawaii from select cities in the U.S. for as low as $361.60. (On the Shermans Travel landing page, click on "United.com" in the main paragraph to see this sale.) That's tied with our mention from three weeks ago as the lowest we've seen for roundtrip flights to Hawaii since last July. (It's the best deal for select routes today by at least $97.) This price is valid on flights departing on August 30 from Seattle, WA, (SEA) with arrival in Honolulu, HI, (HNL) and return on September 6. This sale includes routes from Chicago, IL, (ORD); Los Angeles, CA, (LAX); Boston, MA, (BOS); and more. Book this travel deal by May 31 for travel through September 30. All prices, dates, and booking details were valid at the time of publication. Update: Flights now start from $365.70. United Airlines Fares to Hawaii from $366 roundtrip United Airlines via ShermansTravel offers United Airlines Roundtrip Flights to Hawaii from select cities in the U.S. for as low ... Read more. Updated: 23 hr 15 min ago Walmart offers the Samsung 39.5" 1080p LED-Backlit LCD HD Television, model no. UN40K5100, for the in-cart price of $149 with free shipping. That's $99 under our mention from the week of Black Friday and the lowest price we've seen for a 50" 1080p HDTV. (It's the lowest we could for this model now by $229.) It features a 1920x1080 (1080p) native resolution, edge-lit LED backlight, USB, and two HDMI inputs. Samsung 40" 1080p LED LCD HDTV for $149 + free shipping Walmart offers the Samsung 39.5" 1080p LED-Backlit LCD HD Television, model no. UN40K5100, for the in-cart price of $149 with ... Read more. Updated: 8 hr 57 min ago Starbucks offers its Starbucks K-Cup Tasting Flight Sample Pack in several roast options for free via this short form. You'll receive three different varieties based on the roast preference you choose. Starbucks K-Cup Tasting Flight Sample Pack for free Starbucks offers its Starbucks K-Cup Tasting Flight Sample Pack in several roast options for free via this short form. You'll ... Read more. Updated: 1 week ago Macy's offers the INC International Concepts Men's Double-Breasted Peacoat in Black for $24.99. Coupon code "VG33W4" cuts the price to $19.99. Pad your order with a beauty item (they start at $4) to bag free shipping; otherwise, shipping adds $10.95. That's $245 off list and the lowest price we could find. It's available in size M only. Deal ends May 22. INC Int'l Concepts Men's Medium Peacoat for $20 + free s&h w/beauty item Macy's offers the INC International Concepts Men's Double-Breasted Peacoat in Black for $24.99. Coupon code "VG33W4" cuts the price to ... Read more. Updated: 37 min ago Walmart discounts a selection of bikes and bike accessories during its Bike to Work Week Sale. Plus, orders of $35 or more qualify for free shipping; otherwise, it costs $5.99. (In-store pickup is also an option for some items.) This sale includes a number of all-time price lows. A couple of best bets: Huffy Men's 29" Warhawk Mid-Fat Tire Bike for $99 (pictured, low by $25) Next Women's Avalon 26" Full-Suspension Comfort Bike for $99 (low by $23) Walmart Bike to Work Week Sale Bikes from $59 + free shipping Walmart discounts a selection of bikes and bike accessories during its Bike to Work Week Sale. Plus, orders of $35 ... Read more. Updated: 19 hr 10 min ago Nordstrom cuts up to 50% off a selection of beauty items and accessories. Plus, all orders receive free shipping. Find great deals on items like skin cleansers, lip gloss, cosmetic bags, and nail polish. Beauty Sale at Nordstrom: Up to 50% off + free shipping Nordstrom cuts up to 50% off a selection of beauty items and accessories. Plus, all orders receive free shipping. Find ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 4 days ago Walmart discounts a selection of toys marked as Clearance, Rollback, and Special Buy items, with prices starting at 99 cents. Opt for in-store pickup to dodge the $5.99 shipping charge, or spend $35 or more to receive free shipping. Shop a variety of discounted brands, including Disney, Fisher-Price, LEGO, Hot Wheels, and My Little Pony. A couple of best bets: VTech Around Town Baby Driver for $11 (pictured, low by $3) Fisher-Price Little People Sit 'n Stand Skyway for $25 (same at Amazon, low by $5) Clearance Toys at Walmart from $1 + free shipping w/ $35 Walmart discounts a selection of toys marked as Clearance, Rollback, and Special Buy items, with prices starting at 99 cents. ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 5 days ago Proctor & Gamble offers up to three Charmin Toilet Paper Roll Extenders for free when you fill out this short form. That's a savings of $9. It features extended tabs to hold larger rolls of toilet paper. Expect them to arrive within two weeks. 3 Charmin Toilet Paper Roll Extenders for free Proctor & Gamble offers up to three Charmin Toilet Paper Roll Extenders for free when you fill out this short ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 21 hr ago United Airlines via ShermansTravel offers United Airlines Roundtrip Flights to Miami, FL from select cities in the U.S. with prices starting from $93.60. (On the ShermansTravel landing page, click on "United.com" in the main paragraph to see this sale.) That's $16 below our mention of such fares from March and the lowest price we could find for select routes today by at least $79. This price is valid on flights departing on August 9 from Austin, TX, (AUS) with arrival in Miami, FL, (MIA) and return on August 16. This sale includes routes from Chicago, IL, (ORD); New Orleans, LA, (MSY); Las Vegas, NV, (LAS); and more. Book this travel deal by May 31. All prices, dates, and booking details were valid at the time of publication. United Airlines Fares to Miami from $94 roundtrip United Airlines via ShermansTravel offers United Airlines Roundtrip Flights to Miami, FL from select cities in the U.S. with prices ... Read more. Updated: 10 hr 45 min ago The U.S. Geological Survey offers a Lifetime National Parks Pass for Senior Citizens (age 62 or above) for $10. To get this price, you'll need to purchase it in person at one of these locations. The price of this pass is set to increase to $80 sometime this year, as reported by the AARP. It grants access to all 417 national parks and over 2,000 other recreation areas. Alternatively, you can buy one online for $20 plus $5 for shipping. Senior Citizen Lifetime National Parks Pass for $10 The U.S. Geological Survey offers a Lifetime National Parks Pass for Senior Citizens (age 62 or above) for $10. To ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks ago Blue Rhino cuts $3 off via this mail-in rebate when you purchase a Blue Rhino Ready-to-Use Propane Tank, with or without exchanging a tank. A one item limit applies. Rebate expires December 31. Blue Rhino Ready-to-Use Propane Tank $3 off via rebate Blue Rhino cuts $3 off via this mail-in rebate when you purchase a Blue Rhino Ready-to-Use Propane Tank, with or ... Read more. Updated: March 6, 2017 Walmart offers the Wahl Micro GroomsMan Precision Detailer for $5.99. (Target charges the same.) Opt for in-store pickup to dodge the $5.99 shipping charge. That's tied with last week's mention and the lowest price we could find by $7. It features two trimming heads, eyebrow grooming attachment, and AAA battery. Wahl Micro GroomsMan Precision Detailer for $6 + pickup at Walmart Walmart offers the Wahl Micro GroomsMan Precision Detailer for $5.99. (Target charges the same.) Opt for in-store pickup to dodge ... Read more. Updated: 2 hr 2 min ago MiniInTheBox offers this Fidget Spinner Case for iPhone 7 / 7 Plus and iPhone 6 / 6s / 6 Plus / 6s Plus in several colors (Black/Red pictured) for $2.49 with free shipping. (Choose "Postal Service - No Tracking" during checkout. A 50-cent small order processing fee automatically applies.) That's the lowest price we could find by $3. The spinner is removable. Click here to see it in action. Note: This item ships from China and may take two to five weeks to arrive. Uncheck "Add shipping insurance to your order" during checkout to remove the 99-cent fee. Fidget Spinner Case for iPhone 7 and iPhone 6 for $2 + free s&h from China MiniInTheBox offers this Fidget Spinner Case for iPhone 7 / 7 Plus and iPhone 6 / 6s / 6 Plus ... Read more. Updated: 13 hr 46 min ago Spring offers the Kenneth Cole New York Men's Mesh Well Boots in Cognac or Brown for $34.97 with free shipping. That's the lowest price we could find by $15 in any color. They're available in select sizes from 7 to 10. Kenneth Cole New York Men's Mesh Well Boots for $35 + free shipping Spring offers the Kenneth Cole New York Men's Mesh Well Boots in Cognac or Brown for $34.97 with free shipping. ... Read more. Updated: 11 hr 12 min ago It's not the usual blah, blah, blah Sign up for our free newsletter to receive our daily deals roundups by email! Yallstore via eBay offers this 720p Pan and Tilt WiFi Security Camera for $19.99 with free shipping. That's tied with our mention from a week ago, the lowest price we could find by a buck, and the best deal we've seen for any pan/tilt security camera. It features 355° pan and 90° tilt, micro SD card slot, 802.11n wireless, and 2-way audio. 720p Pan and Tilt WiFi Security Camera for $20 + free shipping Yallstore via eBay offers this 720p Pan and Tilt WiFi Security Camera for $19.99 with free shipping. That's tied with ... Read more. Updated: 20 hr 20 min ago Nestea offers its Nestea Iced Tea 18.5-oz. or 23-oz Bottle for free via this short form. Within four to six weeks, you'll receive a coupon to use at a local retail store. Deal ends June 19; coupon expires July 31. Note: You can also use this coupon to cut $1.79 off a Nestea Iced Tea 0.5-Liter 6-Pack or 24-Pack. Nestea Iced Tea 18.5-oz. or 23-oz Bottle for free Nestea offers its Nestea Iced Tea 18.5-oz. or 23-oz Bottle for free via this short form. Within four to six ... Read more. Updated: April 21, 2017 Playa Hotels & Resorts takes 50% off stays at All-Inclusive Gran Caribe Resort in Cancun, Mexico, during its Spring Splash Sale, as provided by ShermansTravel. Plus, one child stays for free with each paying adult. This 4-star resort has an Expedia rating of 83% based on 2,852 reviews and TripAdvisor ranks it #30 of 181 hotels in Cancun. Book this travel deal by May 31 for stays through December 24. All-Inclusive Gran Caribe Cancun Resort: 50% off + kids stay free Playa Hotels & Resorts takes 50% off stays at All-Inclusive Gran Caribe Resort in Cancun, Mexico, during its Spring Splash ... Read more. Updated: 5 days 10 hr ago LightInTheBox offers this Wireless AirMouse Backlit Keyboard for $6.49 with free shipping. That's tied with our April mention and the lowest price we could find today by $5. It's compatible with Android or Windows devices. Uncheck "Add Shipping Insurance to your order" during checkout to remove the 49-cent fee. Wireless AirMouse Backlit Keyboard for $6 + free shipping LightInTheBox offers this Wireless AirMouse Backlit Keyboard for $6.49 with free shipping. That's tied with our April mention and the ... Read more. Updated: 14 hr 30 min ago Sarafankit2009 via eBay offers the Tailgaterz Magnetic Screenhouse for $96.12 with free shipping. That's the lowest price we could find by $4. It measures 11x9-feet and features mesh walls and an integrated mud mat. Tailgaterz Magnetic Screenhouse for $96 + free shipping Sarafankit2009 via eBay offers the Tailgaterz Magnetic Screenhouse for $96.12 with free shipping. That's the lowest price we could find ... Read more. Updated: 20 hr 28 min ago Southwest Airlines via DealBase discounts Southwest Airlines 1-Way Fares Nationwide with prices starting at $41.98. (On the DealBase landing page, click on "Southwest Airlines" in the top line to see this sale.) That's the lowest price we could find for select routes by at least $4. This price is valid for flights departing on August 30 from Las Vegas, NV, (LAS) with arrival in Los Angeles, CA, (LAX). This sale includes 200 routes, including Chicago, IL, (MDW); San Francisco, CA, (SFO); Orlando, FL, (MCO); and more. Note that blackout dates and other conditions may apply. Book this travel deal by May 25 for travel from August 22 through November 2. All prices, dates, and booking details were valid at the time of publication. Southwest Nationwide Fall Fares from $42 1-way Southwest Airlines via DealBase discounts Southwest Airlines 1-Way Fares Nationwide with prices starting at $41.98. (On the DealBase landing page, ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 12 hr ago Shively Sporting Goods via eBay offers the adidas Men's Climalite Utility Crew-Neck T-Shirt in several colors (Black pictured) for $11.95 with free shipping. That's $5 under last month's mention, $28 off, and the lowest price we've seen. It's available in select sizes from XS to XXL. adidas Men's ClimaLite Utility T-Shirt for $12 + free shipping Shively Sporting Goods via eBay offers the adidas Men's Climalite Utility Crew-Neck T-Shirt in several colors (Black pictured) for $11.95 ... Read more. Updated: 4 days 11 hr ago StackSocial offers the Disconnect Lifetime Premium Subscription for $49. That's $451 off list and the lowest price we could find. It features a tracker blocker, will connect with up to three devices, and is compatible with Windows, Mac, Linux, iOS, Android, and more. Deal ends May 23. Disconnect Lifetime Premium Subscription for $49 StackSocial offers the Disconnect Lifetime Premium Subscription for $49. That's $451 off list and the lowest price we could find. ... Read more. Updated: 13 hr 52 min ago Best Buy discounts a selection of movies on Blu-ray to $4.99. Opt for in-store pickup where available to avoid the $3.99 shipping fee. (Orders of $35 or more receive free shipping.) Titles include Dredd, Now You See Me, Ex Machina, and The Hunger Games. Blu-ray Movies at Best Buy for $5 + pickup Best Buy discounts a selection of movies on Blu-ray to $4.99. Opt for in-store pickup where available to avoid the ... Read more. Updated: 3 days 19 hr ago Costco takes up to $900 off a selection of furniture, kitchen items, garden items, and more as part of its Home Savings Event. (Prices are as marked for members; non-members will pay a 5% surcharge.) Plus, most items bag free shipping. Deal ends May 28. Costco Home Savings Event: Up to $900 off + free shipping Costco takes up to $900 off a selection of furniture, kitchen items, garden items, and more as part of its ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 5 days ago Newegg takes up to 50% off a selection of laptops, desktops, and tablets during its 48-Hour Sale. Plus, most orders bag free shipping; otherwise, shipping starts at $2.99. Save on brands such as HP, Lenovo, MSI, Asus, and Acer. Deal ends May 18. Newegg 48-Hour Computer Sale: Up to 50% off + free shipping Newegg takes up to 50% off a selection of laptops, desktops, and tablets during its 48-Hour Sale. Plus, most orders ... Read more. Updated: 11 hr 18 min ago Best Buy takes $70 off a selection of Apple Watch Series 2 Smartwatches, dropping starting prices to $299. Plus, all orders receive free shipping. Some best bets: Apple Watch Series 2 38mm Sports Band Smartwatch in Space Gray Aluminum for $299 (pictured, low by $66) Apple Watch Series 2 42mm Sports Band Smartwatch in Silver Aluminum for $329 (low by $41) Apple Series 2 Watches at Best Buy: $70 off, from $299 + free shipping Best Buy takes $70 off a selection of Apple Watch Series 2 Smartwatches, dropping starting prices to $299. Plus, all ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 3 days ago Columbia takes an extra 60% off a selection of its men's, women's, and kids' apparel via coupon code "COLMAY60" during its Web Specials Sale. Plus, Greater Rewards members receive free shipping. (Not a member? It's free to sign up.) That's tied as the best extra discount we've ever seen on their web specials. Deal ends May 30. Columbia Web Specials: Extra 60% off + free shipping Columbia takes an extra 60% off a selection of its men's, women's, and kids' apparel via coupon code "COLMAY60" during ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 15 hr ago Mostly Deals via eBay offers the adidas Men's NBA Legends and Stars Replica Jersey in many players/teams for $24.99 with free shipping. That's the lowest price we could find for any of the available options by $14. It comes in select sizes from S to XXL. adidas Men's NBA Legends Replica Jersey for $25 + free shipping Mostly Deals via eBay offers the adidas Men's NBA Legends and Stars Replica Jersey in many players/teams for $24.99 with ... Read more. Updated: 5 days 11 hr ago Walmart offers the Proscan 55" 4K 2160p LED-Backlit LCD Ultra HD Television, model no. PLDED5515A, for $299.99 with free shipping. That's $80 under our mention from last August and among the least expensive new 55" 4K UHD TVs we've ever seen. (It's the best deal for this model now by $50.) It features a 3840x2160 (2160p) native resolution, USB, and four HDMI inputs. Proscan 55" 4K 2160p LED LCD UHD TV for $300 + free shipping Walmart offers the Proscan 55" 4K 2160p LED-Backlit LCD Ultra HD Television, model no. PLDED5515A, for $299.99 with free shipping. ... Read more. Updated: 4 days 18 hr ago More Deals × It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah Join our 352,554 free newsletter subscribers building wealth and destroying debt: Submit About Advertise Contact Contribute Scripts TV Terms Privacy © 2017 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved. Advertising Disclosure: This site may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on links posted on this website. It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah ... × Join 352,554 happy subscribers and sign up for our free newsletter! You'll get: Tips and advice from our expert money reporters. (Our average experience is 18 years!) Unexpected ways to make more and spend less, delivered to you daily. The best deals and coupons to save on everything you buy. A free PDF stuffed full of 205 ways to save and a free money course valued at $34.95! Submit 121,856 12,165
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Thursday, May 18, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Retail ‘Dying’ retailers gobbling up talent from food chains BLOOMBERG NEWS Published on May 17, 2017 Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print Customers cussed at him and threw ice cream at him. Finally, Don-Wesley Andrews had enough. He quit McDonald’s in Sacramento for a job at Wal-Mart. Like many other Americans, the 22-year-old Mr. Andrews improved his life just by moving to retail from fast food. Longer lunch break, paid time off, a quarterly bonus, and no french-fry fragrance on his clothes. “Wal-Mart’s not perfect, but compared to fast food, it’s much, much, much better,” Mr. Andrews said. There’s plenty of talk about the retail industry dying, with malls closing and the slump stressing iconic chains like Sears and J. Crew, but big-box giants such as Wal-Mart and Costco are still chronically in need of employees, at least for now. The number of U.S. retail jobs was about the same last year compared with 2015, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. What’s bedeviling retailers is annual turnover: At 65 percent, it’s the highest since before the Great Recession. The chains are so hungry for good help they’re poaching workers from fast-food restaurants. “Those jobs tend to be more transitional, they tend to be more fluid, and as a result there tends to be higher turnover,” said Michael Harms of Dallas-based researcher TDn2K. “Even though you hear headlines like retail is dying and the robots are coming, there’s still a lot of things that need human touch points. It’s a dogfight over good employees.” Stores  have the edge when it comes to pay. U.S. retail sales workers earn a median $10.37 an hour, while food workers, including those at fast food, make $9.35, according to new data from the BLS. Mr. Andrews said he earns $12.12 an hour at his new job. Perhaps not coincidentally, Wal-Mart, the largest U.S. private employer, added about 200,000 jobs in the last decade. Italian fast-casual chain Fazoli’s is trying to fend off retail, said Dave Craig, vice president of human resources. “It’s a free-for-all right now,” he said. While the firm is paying 20 cents to 30 cents more than last year, its employees still make $9.20 an hour, on average. That’s less than the minimum of $10 an hour Wal-Mart started giving people last year. To retain employees, the chain might nix cotton T-shirt uniforms for a Dri-Fit option that employees don’t have to tuck in. Black jeans are a possibility too. And workers may get paid more often: Fazoli’s is testing a program that gives workers some of their earnings after each shift in a debit card. Boston Market Corp. is buttering up employees too, handing out as much as $100 to those who get the best customer-survey scores. The chicken chain is spending more to advertise jobs on Facebook, Glassdoor, and Twitter and is giving raises. Workers now earn $10.01 an hour, on average, about 75 cents more than last year. Pay increases in fast food are fueled by more than just the competition from retail. Higher minimum wages across the United States, a better economy, and a smaller labor pool to draw from  because of fewer immigrants from Mexico also have an impact. “It’s definitely a war for talent,”said Jason Lessman, Boston Market’s chain’s vice president of human resources. Related Items jobs , fast food Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Channels  Music  Style  Pop Culture  Sports  Sneakers  Life  Videos  Shop  Shuffle  Hustle More from Complex  GO90  Rated Red  First We Feast  Pigeons & Planes  Collider  Sole Collector  Green Label  Ride Channel SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Pop Culture Pop Culture Tracy Morgan's Newfound Vulnerability Is What Makes His Netflix Special 'Staying Alive' Great Share Tweet Tracy Morgan's Newfound Vulnerability Is What Makes His Netflix Special 'Staying Alive' Great By Trace William Cowen May 17, 2017 Share Tweet Image via Netflix Is there such a thing as too many stand-up specials? No, idiot. With recent Netflix exclusives from Norm Macdonald, Maria Bamford, Louis C.K., Dave Chappelle, and damn near every working comedian on the planet, an asshole might try to argue something about quality over quantity. But that asshole clearly hasn’t paid attention to the current state of the world, a reality that makes Tracy Morgan’s Staying Alive occasionally poignant, frequently vulnerable, and always hilarious. Some may assume that Morgan’s survival of the fatal 2014 car crash that killed his friend and fellow comedian James “Jimmy Mack” McNair might have forever altered his comedic approach, but the tragedy has actually had a more complicated effect on the former 30 Rock star’s material. Morgan’s signature vulgarities, thankfully, haven’t gone anywhere. But now, many of those intentionally near-cringe moments come from a hyper-authentic place of vulnerability. The hour-long special opens how you might expect, with Morgan borrowing visuals from Saturday Night Fever whilst ordering three slices of pizza and paying with cash he pulls from a reusable Walmart shopping bag. As with the best of Morgan’s work, this loose homage would fall absolutely flat with arguably any other comedian. Morgan, however, makes it essential viewing by turning the Morgan-isms all the way up to 10.  The Walmart musings carry throughout the stand-up set itself, which was filmed in New Jersey and sees Morgan rocking similarly Saturday Night Fever-esque digs. These jokes, which riff on everything from his well-publicized settlement with Walmart to his inability to resist their low prices, even after the tragedy, wouldn't land so effortlessly if not for Morgan's mastery of pacing. Whenever a joke starts to climb to its limits, Morgan gives us (and himself) a moment of respite by sliding into a seemingly comfortable chair on stage and briefly pondering what the hell he just said.  But there’s more here than just (hilarious) Walmart jokes. Morgan also manages a Caitlyn Jenner-inspired update to one of his most classic lines without diving into the arguably transphobic territory that seemed to plague reviews of Chappelle’s Netflix specials. Morgan, between well-timed sit-downs, also reminds us he has plenty to say about getting closer to turning 50. The key to not losing your shit with each passing year, according to Morgan, is to just accept yourself, even the parts that would most certainly be edited out of the TV version of your life. But, again, nailing these topics all comes down to pacing. The sporadic chair breaks help, but Morgan is also careful when simply walking from one side of the stage to the other, almost timing his movements to the veering back and forth between near-cringe and flashes of intimacy. Watching Morgan recalls hanging out with a friend when you’ve both just left someone’s wedding or an ill-attended party. In between casual mockery of society at large, you both usually end up stumbling into real moments of vulnerability and truth. Good stand-up gets to these moments of truth quicker than real life ever could, and Morgan is definitely giving us good stand-up with Staying Alive. So, still debating on how to squeeze in a viewing of all the fucking stand-up specials on Netflix before they release approximately 948 more? Watch them all, but start with this one. Vulnerability is dope. Tags: Features, Comedy, Netflix, Tracy Morgan  Like  Follow  Chat Show Comments Lateststories Amber Rose's Twitter Hacker Insults Tyga: 'Ever Since You Left Blac Chyna, Your Music Has Been Trash' BY Shawn Setaro 3 hours ago Creep Breaks Into Amber Rose's House While She's Sleeping, Stays for Hours BY Shawn Setaro 3 hours ago Ice Cube Confirms Another 'Friday' Sequel Is in the Works BY Joshua Espinoza 5 hours ago Jordan Peele's Post 'Key and Peele' Career Moves Might Make Him Hollywood's Next Big Thing BY Khal 6 hours ago Netflix Wants to Do Its Part to Make Sure Your Ex Is Gone and Forgotten BY Jose Martinez 7 hours ago Karrueche Tran Says Being On TNT's 'Claws' Helped Her 'Explore' Herself As An Actor BY Khal 10 hours ago Try Not To Explode: Veronica Mars Is Streaming Free On go90 BY Lauren Martin 11 hours ago 'I Am Heath Ledger' Is a Movie for Actual Fans, Not Voyeurs BY Trace Cowen 12 hours ago Tracy Morgan's Newfound Vulnerability Is What Makes His Netflix Special 'Staying Alive' Great BY Trace Cowen 14 hours ago Man Files Lawsuit Against 'Date From Hell' for Texting During 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2' BY Trace Cowen 16 hours ago Load More Stories NowTrending SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Contact UsTerms of Use CareersPrivacy Policy AdvertiseSite Map FeedsPersonalization MusicStyle Pop CultureSports SneakersLife © Complex Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 234% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 45% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 53% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 30% Returns as of 5/17/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 234% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 45% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 53% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 30% Returns as of 5/17/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: The 5 Best Dividend Stocks In Big-Box Retailer Industry Not every big-box retailer is a winner these days, but here are a few solid dividend stocks you can count on. Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) May 17, 2017 at 9:49AM Big-box retailers have come under pressure in recent years from a mix of forces, including e-commerce, fast fashion, and declining mall traffic. As a result, many traditional retailers have cut back on store growth, or even closed stores. Still, there are plenty of good dividend plays available in the sector. While the highest yields may be found among department store chains and struggling businesses like Macy's, Kohl's, and Barnes & Noble, dividend investors are better sacrificing some yield for companies that can still consistently grow profits. Below are five worth considering. Image source: Getty Images. 1. Wal-Mart  In many ways, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) is the archetypical big-box retailer. The company's supercenters average around 190,000 square feet, and the chain has become the world's biggest retailer due to its combination of low prices and breadth of merchandise, which includes groceries, apparel, hardware, electronics, and other categories. Like its peers, Wal-Mart has faced increasing competition from Amazon.com, which has forced it to retrench by investing in cleaning up stores, increasing wages, and expanding its e-commerce presence by opening grocery pick-up sites and acquiring Jet.com. As a result, comparable sales have improved for 10 quarters in a row, and management expects profit growth to return next year. Wal-Mart is a Dividend Aristocrat, with more than 25 consecutive years of dividend hikes, and offers a 2.7% dividend yield at the current stock price. And with a payout ratio -- the percentage of income that goes to dividends -- of less than 50%, the company still has plenty of room to raise its quarterly payouts. 2. Costco With a dividend yield of just 1.2%, Costco Wholesale (NASDAQ:COST) stock may not be at the top of very many dividend lists, but you can't trust the headline number in this case. In addition to a quarterly dividend that it's steadily increased by 10% or more every year since 2004, the warehouse retailer has also paid out a special dividend three times since 2012.  In fact, Costco announced a $7 one-time special dividend in late April. Though the record date has already passed, investors should factor the likelihood of another special payout in a few years into their decision, as Costco also paid a $7 one-time dividend in 2012 and a $5 one in 2015. This year, the $7 payout is good for more than a 4% yield.  Costco's core business remains strong. The company has delivered consistent same-store sales growth and has been able to open new stores, as its membership model offers it some protection from the turmoil rocking the rest of the retail sector. Costco's payout ratio is also less than 40%, so investors should continue to expect robust dividend increases. 3. Lowe's Like Wal-Mart, Lowe's Companies, Inc. (NYSE:LOW) is a Dividend Aristocrat, having raised its quarterly payout for 54 years in a row. In recent years, the company has ridden the housing recovery wave -- its stock has tripled over the last five years amid rising comparable sales and profits.  Lowe's has been able to raise its dividend aggressively during that time and the quarterly payout has more than doubled in the last four years. Today, Lowe's stock offers a modest 1.6% yield, but the strong recent growth is a promising sign for investors. While the housing recovery won't last forever, millennials reportedly tend to spend more money on home improvements than their parents, and the home improvement retail sector has shown itself to be Amazon-proof, as delivering large and heavy building materials through e-commerce is not feasible. 4. Home Depot Home Depot (NYSE:HD) finds itself on the top of the big-box dividend list for many of the same reasons as Lowe's. Home Depot's stock has also tripled over the last five years on the strength of the housing recovery. The home improvement retailer has chosen a different strategy from Lowe's, as it's resisted opening new stores and instead invested in e-commerce and in-store improvements, as well as returning capital to shareholders. Home Depot stock now offers a dividend yield of 2.3%, and it has more than doubled the payout over the last four years. Earlier this year, the company lifted its dividend 29% to $0.89 a quarter. With management's commitment to returning capital to shareholders through share buybacks and dividends, investors should expect more aggressive dividend hikes, especially as the company benefits from the same trends as Lowe's. 5. TJX Companies While it may not technically be a big-box chain, TJX Companies (NYSE:TJX), the parent of T.J. Maxx, Marshalls, and Home Goods, is subject to the same forces as the companies above. But off-price retail has proven to be a rare brick-and-mortar winner in the apparel sector, and TJX shares have thrived.  The stock has doubled over the last five years, and the company has become a reliable dividend payer over that period. It now offers a 1.6% yield, and its dividend has more than tripled in the last year. Earlier this year, the company lifted its dividend 20%, and with a payout ratio of less than 30%, TJX is likely to continue raising its dividend aggressively. Add in a store expansion plan and consistently rising comparable sales and profits and you've got a solid dividend stock for years to come. Jeremy Bowman has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon and Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool recommends Home Depot and Lowe's. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Fool since 2011. I write about consumer goods, the big picture, and whatever else piques my interest. Follow me on Twitter to see my latest articles, and for commentary on hot topics in retail and the broad market. Follow @tmfbowman Article Info May 17, 2017 at 9:49AM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $75.12 up $0.01 (0.01%) Home Depot NYSE:HD $156.09 down $-2.17 (-1.37%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $169.15 down $-1.85 (-1.08%) Lowe's NYSE:LOW $83.75 down $-1.61 (-1.89%) The TJX Companies NYSE:TJX $74.77 up $1.01 (1.37%) Read More Wal-Mart's Price War is a Winning Strategy A Foolish Take: The Chart That Defines Wal-Mart Wal-Mart Tries Its Hand at Stunt Food With the Crotilla Wal-Mart Has Its Own Take on Amazon's Dash Button 8 Things You Didn't Know About Home Depot Inc. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current The 5 Best Dividend Stocks In Big-Box Retailer Industry @themotleyfool #stocks $WMT, $HD, $COST, $LOW, $TJX
News Latest Issue News Calendar Features Pride History Text listing of area GLBT History Photos from area GLBT History Lists Sign up for email lists! Images Video Gallery Photo Gallery Resources GLBT Resources FREE Condoms and HIV Testing Sites in Erie County Register to Vote Reporting Discrimination and Homophobia HIV & STD Testing Contests In Print Subscriptions Places to Get EGN Thank You's Advertisers in Current Issue Advertisers (All) Ad Rates Schedule Back issues About Mission/Policy Contact Us EGN Staff Subscriptions Ad Rates Send Us Email Friends and Supporters Current and Upcoming Birthdays Search Jacqueline Cote & Walmart Announce Final Class Settlement Over Health Insurance Benefits for Same-Sex Spouses of Walmart Associates BOSTON, May 15, 2017  - A federal judge today approved the $ 7.5 million class action settlement between Walmart and former Walmart associate Jacqueline Cote, that challenged Walmart's lack of health insurance benefits for same-sex spouses of Walmart associates prior to 2014. The case is known as Jacqueline Cote v. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc, No. 15-cv-12945-WGY (D. Mass).  The settlement will pay for claims by Walmart associates in the United States and Puerto Rico that they were unable to obtain health insurance coverage for their same-sex spouses from Walmart from Jan. 1, 2011 to Dec. 31, 2013. It also covers the costs of administering the settlement and legal fees and expenses. In 2014, Walmart voluntarily made the same health insurance benefits available to same-sex spouses of its associates that it offered to opposite-sex spouses. As part of the proposed settlement, Walmart commits to continuing to do so in the future. The settlement class is expected to include no more than a few thousand current and former Walmart associates. Walmart employs nearly 1.5 million associates in the U.S. and Puerto Rico. Sally Welborn, Senior Vice President, Global Benefits for Walmart, said, "We're happy both sides could come together to reach a resolution. Respect for the individual, diversity and inclusion are among the core values that made Walmart into the company that it is today. We will continue to not distinguish between same and opposite sex spouses when it comes to the benefits we offer under our health insurance plan." Cote said, "I'm pleased that Walmart was willing to resolve this issue for me and other associates who are married to someone of the same sex. It's a relief to bring this chapter of my life to a close." Cote is represented by GLBTQ Legal Advocates & Defenders (GLAD), Outten & Golden LLP, the Washington Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights & Urban Affairs (WLC), and Arnold & Porter Kaye Scholer LLP. Janson Wu, GLAD's Executive Director, said, "This is an important settlement for LGBTQ workers." Juno Turner, a Partner at Outten & Golden LLP, said, "We are pleased that class members had the opportunity to receive compensation." Peter Romer-Friedman, a Counsel at Outten & Golden LLP, said, "We are glad that as part of the settlement Walmart will continue to provide the same health insurance benefits regardless of the gender of the associate's spouse." Jonathan Smith, the WLC's Executive Director, said, "We believe the settlement is fair and reasonable and are pleased that the Court approved it today. We are pleased to have worked with our colleagues at GLAD, Outten & Golden, and Arnold & Porter Kaye Scholer to achieve this settlement." About This Article GLBTQ Legal Advocates & Defenders Accessed 462 times. Comments GLBTQ Legal Advocates & Defenders Other GLBTQ Legal Advocates & Defenders Articles Since 1978, GLAD has achieved scores of legal victories to end discrimination based on sexual orientation, HIV status, and gender identity and expression. RSS feed for GLBTQ Legal Advocates & Defenders articles Choose Article... June, 2017 May, 2017 May, 2017 November, 2016 October, 2016 September, 2016 August, 2016 August, 2016 August, 2016 July, 2016 June, 2016 May, 2016 May, 2016 April, 2016 April, 2016 March, 2016 January, 2016 January, 2016 January, 2016 January, 2016 December, 2015 December, 2015 December, 2015 December, 2015 November, 2015 November, 2015 November, 2015 November, 2015 October, 2015 October, 2015 September, 2015 September, 2015 September, 2015 August, 2015 August, 2015 August, 2015 August, 2015 August, 2015 July, 2015 July, 2015 July, 2015 June, 2015 April, 2015 April, 2015 March, 2015 June, 2017 Articles Videos Places To Get EGN Print Edition Schedule Advertising Info Subscriptions Connect With Us Latest Issue.. Advertisers Volunteers Articles Videos View on Issuu Display as PDF Connect with us Facebook Twitter RSS YouTube Google+ Copyright © 2017 Erie Gay News About Us | Contact Us
Toggle navigation Celebrity Gossip Fashion Weddings Babies Hair Pets News Sports Politics TV Movies Woman Confronts Cheating Husband, Side Chick at Walmart and S--t Gets Real by Free Britney at May 17, 2017 11:07 am. Comments A woman recently confronted her cheating husband and his side piece at Walmart and all hell broke loose in vintage Walmart fashion. You can just scroll on down to the video now at the bottom of this page, but in the interest of paragraphs, let's break down the action! It's not clear how the woman found out about the affair, or knew both parties would be at Walmart at this moment, but she did. Oh, she did. “Excuse me, how you doing? You know who I am? I’m Wayne’s wife. Mmm hmm," she says, awkwardly confronting the mistress.  The mistress avoids eye contact as she offers the time-honored mistress defense: “Well, if everything was fine with you..." “No," the scorned wife says. "You’re breaking up a home. You’re cheating with my husband. So how filthy and nasty are you?" “Get out of my face,” the mistress demands. “And if I don’t? ‘Cause you’re a nasty, filthy cheater," the wife responds. "That’s what you do? You go around sleeping with married men?" "Do you realize he has children? Are you a Christian? He’s married. Do you realize that? You go around sleeping with people’s husbands." "You are breaking up a home. Cheater. Cheater! You are a cheat-er! And I hope you’re happy. I hope you’re happy, breaking up a home." "You text my husband … and you know he’s married. You know he’s married, and you’re still sleeping with him? You are a piece of filth.” Security is called in, and the video stops just after she says: “No. You come in to my home. I have video of you coming to my home.” And ... scene. And then we pick up the action in the parking lot where she confronts the cheating husband as well! Wayne is blindsided. “That’s how you do huh? That’s how you do huh? That’s how you do huh? Huh? Yeah I confronted your little broad too in there," she says. "You f--kin’ cheater. Cheater! And then it’s a f--kin’ white woman. Oh! F--kin’ cheater. You ain’t nothing but a cheater. I got it. You a cheater!" "I got you! I got you! We got you! I got you outta my system now. You nasty bitch. You ain’t nothing but a piece of filth. You’re f--kin’ married!" Sums it up well. See it below. Share Tweet Email Edit Delete Follow LOL? Facebook Disqus Tag: LOL Related Videos: LOL Videos Uploaded by: Free Britney Uploaded: May 17, 2017 Duration: 151 seconds LOL 23 Times the Internet Insulted... YOUR MOM! Woman Confronts Cheating Husband, Side Chick at Walmart (Video) 21 Photo Failures Guaranteed to Break Your Funny Bone LOL Photos LOL Videos Woman Confronts Cheating Husband, Side Chick at Walmart and S--t Gets Real Dog Refuses to Let Grandma Hold Newborn, Insists HE's the Baby Chimp Hurls Feces at Zoo Goers, Nails Grandma in the Face Must Read Gossip Kourtney Kardashian: Nude on Instagram! Really Torturing Scott Disick Now! Joy-Anna Duggar and Austin Forsyth: Getting Married THIS WEEKEND?! Ben Higgins and Lauren Bushnell: It's Over! David Eason: Jenelle Evans is the Best Mom EVER!!! Javi Marroquin: I Will NOT Be Raising Kailyn Lowry's Kid! Jonathan Hartono: I'm NOT Courting Jana Duggar! Videos Woman Confronts Cheating Husband, Side Chick at Walmart and S--t Gets Real Submissions? Questions? Looking to advertise? About Us | Advertising Info | Copyright Inquiry | Privacy Policy | Contact Us © 2017 The Hollywood Gossip - Celebrity Gossip and Entertainment News Food Innovation Group: Bon Appetit and Epicurious May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 2016 Archives 2015 Archives 2014 Archives 2013 Archives 2012 Archives 2011 Archives 2010 Archives 2009 Archives 2008 Archives 2007 Archives
Skip to main content Minnesota Public Radio Give Now Search MPR Minnesota Public Radio MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR More Streams Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Sections MPR News coverage Arts Books Business Education Environment Health Lifestyle Politics State Twin Cities NewsCut Weather MPR News programs Morning Edition All Things Considered MPR News with Kerri Miller MPR News with Tom Weber More programs MPR News resources Program schedule Station directory Podcasts Archive Members More ways to give Give a gift membership Employer matching gifts Leadership Circle Planned giving Donate a vehicle Donate stock Member benefits Sustaining membership Contact us Become a member More MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Minnesota Public Radio About MPR Contact info Stations Careers Staff directory Company information Press room Members Events Shop Give Now Search MPR Listen 0:00 Member Supported • Join Now Program Schedule • Station Directory Sponsor Sponsor Live Severe weather blog Target reimagines itself and Wall Street likes what it sees Business The Associated Press · New York · May 17, 2017 Jenny Kipka waited at the checkout line at Target in Roseville on Sept. 29, 2015. Matthew Hintz for MPR News 2015 Updated: 10:45 a.m. | Posted: 8:50 a.m. Target's first-quarter profits jumped almost 8 percent as attempts to turn its business around appear to be gaining some traction. Comparable-store sales fell for the fourth consecutive quarter, but the decline was nowhere near as bad as expected and online sales surged 22 percent. "We feel good about the fact that we significantly over-delivered versus expectations in the first quarter," CEO Brian Cornell told reporters during a conference call. "But we have several years of work in front of us and we have to stay very focused on execution each and every day." While growing online sales and rising profits pushed shares up more than 8 percent before the opening bell Wednesday, Cornell still needs to find a way to thrive in the face of intense pressure Amazon.com and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Facing those challenges, Target plans to spend $7 billion over the next three years, more than three times its typical capital expenditure, to remodel more than a third of its 1,800 stores, speed up its expansion of small-format stores, bolster online operations, and launch new brands. The company will also use stores as local distribution hubs — using the backroom storage areas to also house goods bought online directly to homes, or held there to be picked up by shoppers. Target is now using about 1,000 stores for direct shipping in a bid to match Amazon's free, two-day delivery available to its Prime customers. With those measures in place, Target said it expects profits to start growing again in 2019 after taking a hit of $1 billion this year to profit margins. "Things are better, not totally dire," said Edward Jones retail analyst Brian Yarbrough. "But they have a long ways to go to showing (Wall Street) they are on an improvement plan and show same-store sales positive consistently and grow earnings." Cornell had said Target wants to return to more consistent low prices on essentials to deepen loyalty among shoppers, a shift from the temporary discounts it had been promoting. That might look like it's stealing a page from Wal-Mart's playbook. But Cornell said Target is focusing on exclusive brands and the experience customers have in stores as well. All traditional retailers have struggled as Amazon and other online retailers draw shoppers away. Under Cornell, Target had cut costs, revitalized its fashion and home decor sections, tested smaller formats, and expanded online services. But Cornell found those efforts were not paying off. As Target rebuilds, Wal-Mart is expected to post another quarter of rising customer traffic and increased same-store sales Thursday as its efforts to merge online sales with its vast number of stores click. Back in 2015, Wal-Mart warned that stepped-up investments in stores and in its employees would hurt profits. Those investments appear to be paying. Traffic and sales are booming at stores as a renewed emphasis on low prices has lured shoppers back. Target is also testing a program called Restock that lets its REDcard customers order household essentials like laundry detergent, paper towels and peanut butter and have them delivered to their homes the next day. The service, being tested with employees for now, is similar to Amazon Pantry. Target said Wednesday that it earned $681 million or $1.23 per share, for the quarter ended April 29. Earnings, adjusted for pretax gains and to account for discontinued operations, came to $1.21 per share, well below the 91 cents per share that Wall Street had expected according to FactSet. Revenue fell 1.1 percent to $16.02 billion, but still beat out analyst projections of $15.62 billion. Comparable store sales fell 1.3 percent, the fourth consecutive month of declines, but with the company retrenching, it was much better than the 3.7 percent decline that industry analysts had expected. Shares jumped $4.53 to $59.06, but they're still down more than 24 percent for the year. MPR News reporter Martin Moylan contributed to this report. Stay Informed The news on your schedule from MPR News Update Email Address* Zip Code MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition See our Privacy Policy. Must be age 13. Previous Chelsea Manning released after 7 years in military prison 14 hours ago Next The Supremes hit No. 1 with 'The Happening' before changing their name 13 hours ago Help us cover this story MPR News apps for Android and iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for Android MPR Radio for iOS MPR Radio for Android MPR News Podcasts The Ticker Kerri Miller Tom Weber Brains On All Podcasts @MPRNews Facebook newsroom@mpr.org Tips: 651-290-1424 Subscribe to email newsletters MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition Capitol View The Thread Listen Live Program Schedule Station Directory Audio Help About Minnesota Public Radio Contact Us Shop Become a Member Volunteer Fundraising Credentials Terms of use Your privacy rights Public Inspection Files © 2017 Minnesota Public Radio. All rights reserved. Weather data powered by Forecast.
More Stations By Location Arizona California Connecticut Florida Georgia Illinois Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Missouri Nevada New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Texas Washington Washington, D.C. SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTERS Sponsored By FacebookTwitterTuneIn Home Blogs Nathan Sybil Tanner Playlist Contests Photos Events Video Woman Confronts Cheating Husband And His Side Chick At Wal-Mart. It Gets Uncomfortable. (Video) May 17, 2017 9:23 AM Filed Under: awkward, husband, side chick, video, Wal-Mart, WalMart, wife (Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images) When you go to Wal-Mart, usually your main goal is to get your groceries as quick as possible and get the heck out of Wal-Mart as fast as possible. You don’t want to be interrupted by anything or anyone.  Think how these shoppers felt then when this lady confronted another woman, phone in hand, accusing her of sleeping with her husband.  And how about this poor woman?  She’s just trying to live each day to its fullest and enjoy the married life when she finds out her husband is cheating on her.  Not only that, they both shop at the same Wal-Mart apparently.  She films the side piece inside the store, and later confronts her husband while he’s parking his car just outside of it. The video is full of cringe and awkwardness and uncomfort.  And NSFW language, so proceed with caution! Comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Listen Live Follow Us On FacebookTwitterTuneInSign Up for Newsletters More From AMP 1037 Play.It Radio.com App Follow Us FacebookTwitterTuneIn Shows Nathan Fast Sybil Summers Tanner Kloven Listen Live Smooth Jazz 103.7 HD2 Home Page Events Music Corporate CBS Radio Public File ©2017 CBS Radio Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP By viewing our video content, you are accepting the terms of our Video Services Policy Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Use EEO Reports Your California Privacy Policy Mobile User Agreement Listen Live
Follow facebook twitter instagram linkedin Feed Subscribe Brand Marketing Agencies Digital TV / Video Creativity Digital Marketers Are Getting More Sophisticated in Dissecting Foot Traffic Share About / Advertising Media Kit Sponsor Content Subscriptions Subscription Options Digital App Newsletters Customer Service Awards / Honors / Events Awards and Honors Adweek Events Webinars On-Demand Webinars Trophies / Awards / Seals Publications Adweek Network RSS Backissues Reprints / E-Prints Verticals Agencies Brand Marketing Creativity Digital TV / Video Follow Us facebook twitter instagram linkedin Feed Digital Marketers Are Getting More Sophisticated in Dissecting Foot Traffic PlaceIQ launches mobile data dashboard By Lauren Johnson| 11 hours ago Brands can analyze foot traffic patterns with the dashboard. PlaceIQ Share By Lauren Johnson| 11 hours ago Share A few years ago, marketers touted the promise of location-based ads to zap smartphone-wielding consumers with relevant offers and coupons. Now armed with billions of data points, location firms are keen to sell their stats to let brands analyze the data for themselves. Seven-year-old PlaceIQ is launching a dashboard called LandMark today that allows brands to dig into the firm’s foot traffic data collected from 165 million opted-in consumers. Marketers can zero in on specific markets and locations to see how many people are passing through a store versus going into a competitor’s stores, for example. Or an automaker can track dealership visits to examine consumers who own a vehicle made by a competitor. PlaceIQ began testing the tool with companies including Havas Media, The Media Kitchen, IPG-owned Ansible and Gas Station TV for about a year before making it widely available, said CEO and co-founder Duncan McCall. “All this data that we’ve been working to make sense of for the last seven years—if you strip it away and say, ‘what is the ultimate value proposition?’ It’s really this data set that connects people, places and things,” he said. “It’s not just mobile. You can apply it across television, across out of home.” Marketers use PlaceIQ’s software to slice up data by factors like DMA, category of business and date. For example, a marketer could home in on Florida to compare how busy Chick-fil-A and Buffalo Wild Wings restaurants are during spring break. More specifically, a stat called share of visit divides the total number of store visits by the number of locations to look at relative busyness at a store-specific level. In another example, McCall compared Walmart and Costco’s holiday traffic. Overall, Walmart has more traffic because the brand has more stores, but Costco has a higher share of visits, particularly in the days leading up to big holidays like Thanksgiving or Black Friday when the chain is closed while Walmart remains open. “This allows you to see a very different strategy for Black Friday,” McCall explained. “Walmart wins on Black Friday for busyness but it actually loses a few days before Black Friday—Costco drives everyone into their stores a few days before.” “It used to be that analytics and research were completely disjointed from advertising. In today’s world, you have that joint. People are spending money on the data and the analytics, but it’s really informing a much greater [type of] intelligent marketing.” -Duncan McCall, CEO and co-founder of PlaceIQ PlaceIQ is targeting agencies, analytics and data teams at brands and consultancies with LandMark. For media agencies, mobile data helps to plan traditional media. The firm has a deal with comScore that matches up location stats with census data collected from set tops to find people who watch a TV station and then come into a store, for example. “Agencies are trying to understand, ‘how do I better plan media—do I plan analytics before I plan creative?’” McCall said. “They can query this system and see, ‘I’m winning against these brands and I’m losing against these brands here. Let’s construct a media campaign to heavy up on TV to hit these types of people.’” Robert Lamberson, director of analytics at Ansible added, “LandMark allows us to understand potential customer segments in unique ways, such as ongoing visitation frequency to one brand against another, average distance traveled by customers to brands and visitation trends down to specific DMAs. These unique insights allow us to inform strategy for our clients on both a national and local level.” When asked how much of PlaceIQ’s business is based on the more basic tactic of plugging location data into mobile ads, McCall said, “That’s a small part of our business—that’s become a simplistic, blunt instrument but the bigger piece in there is behavioral targeting.” PlaceIQ faces tough competition in data and analytics as more location-minded firms move in on the space. In March, Foursquare launched a data dashboard and xAd has also recently played up the real-world potential of smartphone-collected stats. Still, McCall is seemingly confident in his pitch, partly because he believes he’s following a stream of new money that brands are willing to pony up for location-based stats. After years of traditionally outsourcing data and analytics, brands are now staffing up internal teams with data and analytics experts tasked with larger goals of overhauling companies to be more digital and competitive. “When you [used to] talk to people about foot-traffic analytics, they would say, ‘I have no budget to pay for this. Let me activate advertising and you give me the analytics on the back of advertising,’” McCall said. “It used to be that analytics and research were completely disjointed from advertising. In today’s world, you have that joint. People are spending money on the data and the analytics, but it’s really informing a much greater [type of] intelligent marketing.” Share http://adweek.it/2pSKmZ4 copy Lauren Johnson @laurenjohnson Lauren Johnson is a staff writer for Adweek. Subscribe to Adweek Today! Get a full year of print and digital editions for just $149 Popular Now 1 Axe Tackles ‘Toxic Masculinity’ by Revealing How Deeply Young Men Struggle With It 2 What New Grads Can Do to Avoid Falling Into the Ad Industry’s Burnout Rut 3 A W+K Recruiter Shares Her Best Advice on How to Stand Out From the Competition 4 Why the Marketing of Wonder Woman at Warner Bros. Is Coming Under Fire 5 10 Royalty-Free Music Sites Every Online Video Creator Should Know Get Adweek's Digital & Technology Daily Newsletter in your Inbox Today's top news for digital marketers Receive information and updates on Adweek Events, Awards, and Promotions Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Sign Me Up Please enter a valid email address × Please complete all fields × Please confirm with the Recaptcha × Recaptcha response was incorrect × You are already subscribed to this newsletter. To update your preferences, click here. × Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm × An error has occurred, please try again later × Thanks for Signing Up! Follow us to stay up to date Facebook Twitter Linkedin Feed Instagram You are already subscribed to this newsletter. To update your preferences, click here. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Feed Instagram About / Advertising Media Kit Sponsor Content Subscriptions Subscription Options Digital App Newsletters Customer Service Awards / Honors / Events Awards and Honors Adweek Events Webinars On-Demand Webinars Trophies / Awards / Seals Publications Adweek Network RSS Backissues Reprints / E-Prints © 2017 Adweek - All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Portfolio Perspective Iconic Tour College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Iconic Tour Iconic Tour NYC '17 speakers & agenda Buy Tickets 2016 Tour 2015 Tour Amazon is making my business harder, but complaining won't do any good Ravin Gandhi, CEO and founder of GMM Nonstick Coatings | @RavinGandhi1 17 Hours Ago SHARES It's no secret that Amazon is flat-out murdering brick-and-mortar retailers with low prices and killer convenience. Amazon's market capitalization has now eclipsed the combined valuations of Wal-Mart Stores, Target, Costco, Macy's and Kohl's. And then there are the former greats clinging to their last scraps of market cap, like J.C. Penney and Sears, more victims of Jeff Bezos' online retail juggernaut. But the downward pricing pressure from Amazon has massive ripple effects to upstream manufacturing vendors like my company, GMM Nonstick Coatings. GMM is one of the world's largest suppliers of nonstick coatings to the $9 billion American housewares industry. GMM's clients are iconic brands like Calphalon, Farberware, KitchenAid, Oster, Wilton and George Foreman, all of whom previously sold most of their goods to brick-and-mortar retailers like Wal-Mart. However, these days sales are exponentially moving online and to Amazon. The big impact to GMM is obviously on pricing. GMM's raw materials are driven by the prices of commodities like oil, silicon and other polymers. In the past, when raw-material prices spiked, we raised prices. But with the rise of Amazon, any price increase risks elimination as a vendor because of crushing algorithmic competition. So what does it take to succeed in the Amazon era of unbelievably low prices that are only headed down? Below are the tactics that GMM has used to continue to thrive: 1. No matter where you are in the supply chain, you better innovate like Bezos. GMM employs 50 highly educated R&D scientists who are phenomenal at creating innovative ways to push costs down while bringing quality up. To pull off this magic trick, GMM invests in the best and brightest people, a decision that gives us a clear edge versus some other competitors, who are "me too" suppliers that only try to copy existing technology. Our largest clients (all multibillion-dollar conglomerates who have sophisticated purchasing departments) don't just require low prices today; they want to see three-year plans promising further reductions so they know they won't be eliminated by Amazon's relentless pricing algorithms. 2. Know that last year's low-cost manufacturing information is worthless. Most American housewares companies source their cookware, bakeware and appliances from overseas factories in China and Mexico because of price arbitrage. As a result, GMM has a number of overseas factories so we can make fast, local deliveries. However, in the Amazon era, our clients consistently come to us asking what countries are emerging as high-quality, low-cost locations — and you better have smart answers. For instance, GMM proactively built a multimillion-dollar factory in India in 2012, because we knew how much intellectual capital was available locally. At the time, competitors thought we were crazy because India had infrastructure problems and was not seen as a credible alternative to China. But we knew these issues would be solved, and they were. "Is Amazon making business harder? Of course. Am I complaining? Not a chance. Business is supposed to be difficult, and competitors who can't evolve will be selected for extinction by a beautiful force called capitalism." Today GMM's India plant is growing by more than 100 percent annually because (believe it or not) China has been priced out by many American manufacturers and because GMM's technology is designed to solve client problems. 3. Creative marketing is a necessity. Ten years ago components like nonstick coatings were almost invisible to the consumer because of the power of the client brand (i.e. consumers trusted Calphalon or KitchenAid and didn't really care who supplied the coating as long as it worked well). However, in the Amazon era, competition in every niche category has exploded, and clients want their coatings to be platforms that hook consumers with short bullet points about differentiation. More from iCONIC How Disney's Bob Iger pitched a $7 billion deal on his first day Lessons on transferring success and wealth from Buffett's star stock pickers The crucial decision Elon Musk made when he was flat broke As a result, GMM designs and markets our coatings around key performance attributes that help our clients win at retail (i.e. longer lasting, better warranty, cooler colors, etc). This "claims- based" marketing strategy allows us to further enhance our competitive advantage in a tough landscape that's only getting harder. 4. A speedy response to client needs will keep you from being killed. Wal-Mart's dominance was analog; Amazon's ascendance is wholly digital. Communication moves instantly, and sophisticated purchasing managers need speed like they need oxygen. If they don't get it, their organization will die. Product quality, precision, service and cost is just the ante; if you want to win the game today, you have to be fast. GMM has evolved into an organization that can respond to the most complex client requests in a short period of time, which helps our customers iterate and get new goods to retail faster than slower competitors. In business, as in sports, speed kills. 5. To survive, you need massive scale. Even though GMM is one of the largest companies in our industry, winning in the Amazon era requires true global reach. As an entrepreneur, it's hard to compete with multinationals who have almost limitless resources. In order to jump-start global expansion, six months ago I sold GMM Nonstick Coatings to a $7 billion Japanese conglomerate, SDK, who views the company as a platform for further acquisitions. Was it a hard decision to sell the business I founded 10 years ago? Sure, but this deal actually makes my life as a CEO easier because GMM can extract huge synergy, leveraging multibillion-dollar resources. Is Amazon making business harder? Of course. Am I complaining? Not a chance. Business is supposed to be difficult, and competitors who can't evolve will be selected for extinction by a beautiful force called capitalism. My family purchases almost everything we need from the Amazon mobile app (on average, we receive 10 to 15 shipments per week). My kids (who are six and four) think Amazon is a magic button on your phone that causes whatever you want to be instantly delivered to your door. But the reality is, it takes a heck of a lot of work behind the scenes to meet the low prices and high-quality standards that American consumers demand. — By Ravin Gandhi, CEO of GMM Nonstick Coatings and a member of the CNBC-YPO Chief Executive Network. Gandhi is also a VC investor and has invested in technology companies KeyMe, Ampsy, Tred, Lettrs and Hester Biosciences. About YPO CNBC and YPO have formed an exclusive editorial partnership consisting of regional "Chief Executive Networks" in the Americas, EMEA and Asia-Pacific. These Chief Executive Networks are made up of a sample of YPO's global network of 24,000 top executives from 120 countries who are on the front lines of the economy and run companies that collectively generate $6 trillion in annual revenue. Ravin Gandhi, CEO and founder of GMM Nonstick Coatings Be a part of the iConic experience NEW YORK | JUNE 7, 2017 Featuring: DAYMOND JOHN BOBBI BROWN ARIANNA HUFFINGTON LOS ANGELES | SEPT 27, 2017 Featuring: TONY HAWK MICHAEL DUBIN & more speakers to come! Get Tickets
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 64° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Showers and thunderstorms likely. Thunderstorms could be strong and possibly severe during the afternoon hours. Storms may produce large hail and strong winds. High 79F. Winds S at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 80%.. Tonight Scattered thunderstorms early, then variable clouds overnight with more showers at times. A few storms may be severe. Low 53F. Winds S at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 60%. Updated: May 17, 2017 @ 10:15 am Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close 1 of 2 Wilfredo Lee This Wednesday, Aug. 17, 2016, photo, shows the entrance for a Target store, in North Miami Beach, Fla. Target Corp. reports earnings, Wednesday, May 17, 2017. (AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee) Gene J. Puskar This May 3, 2017, photo shows a Target logo on a store in Upper Saint Clair, Pa. Target Corp. reports earnings, Wednesday, May 17, 2017. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar) AP Target reimagines itself and Wall Street likes what it sees By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO AP Retail Writer May 17, 2017 Updated 2 hrs ago 0 Wilfredo Lee This Wednesday, Aug. 17, 2016, photo, shows the entrance for a Target store, in North Miami Beach, Fla. Target Corp. reports earnings, Wednesday, May 17, 2017. (AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee) Gene J. Puskar This May 3, 2017, photo shows a Target logo on a store in Upper Saint Clair, Pa. Target Corp. reports earnings, Wednesday, May 17, 2017. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar) NEW YORK (AP) — Target's first-quarter profits jumped almost 8 percent as attempts to turn its business around appear to be gaining some traction. Comparable-store sales fell for the fourth consecutive quarter, but the decline was nowhere near as bad as expected and online sales surged 22 percent. While growing online sales and rising profits pushed shares up more than 8 percent before the opening bell Wednesday, CEO Brian Cornell still needs to find a way to thrive in the face of intense pressure Amazon.com and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Facing those challenges, Target plans to spend $7 billion over the next three years, more than three times its typical capital expenditure, to remodel more than a third of its 1,800 stores, speed up its expansion of small-format stores, bolster online operations, and launch new brands. The company will also use stores as local distribution hubs — using the backroom storage areas to also house goods bought online directly to homes, or held there to be picked up by shoppers. Target is now using about 1,000 stores for direct shipping in a bid to match Amazon's free, two-day delivery available to its Prime customers. With those measures in place, Target said it expects profits to start growing again in 2019 after taking a hit of $1 billion this year to profit margins. Cornell had said Target wants to return to more consistent low prices on essentials to deepen loyalty among shoppers, a shift from the temporary discounts it had been promoting. That might look like it's stealing a page from Wal-Mart's playbook. But Cornell said Target is focusing on exclusive brands and the experience customers have in stores as well. All traditional retailers have struggled as Amazon and other online retailers draw shoppers away. Under Cornell, Target had cut costs, revitalized its fashion and home decor sections, tested smaller formats, and expanded online services. But Cornell found those efforts were not paying off. As Target rebuilds, Wal-Mart is expected to post another quarter of rising customer traffic and increased same-store sales Thursday as its efforts to merge online sales with its vast number of stores click. Back in 2015, Wal-Mart warned that stepped-up investments in stores and in its employees would hurt profits. Those investments appear to be paying. Traffic and sales are booming at stores as a renewed emphasis on low prices has lured shoppers back. Target is also testing a program called Restock that lets its REDcard customers order household essentials like laundry detergent, paper towels and peanut butter and have them delivered to their homes the next day. The service, being tested with employees for now, is similar to Amazon Pantry. Target said Wednesday that it earned $681 million or $1.23 per share, for the quarter ended April 29. Earnings, adjusted for pretax gains and to account for discontinued operations, came to $1.21 per share, well below the 91 cents per share that Wall Street had expected according to FactSet. Revenue fell 1.1 percent to $16.02 billion, but still beat out analyst projections of $15.62 billion. Comparable store sales fell 1.3 percent, the fourth consecutive month of declines, but with the company retrenching, it was much better than the 3.7 percent decline that industry analysts had expected. Shares jumped $4.53 to $59.06, but they're still down more than 24 percent for the year. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business Earnings Surprises Earnings Financial Performance Corporate News Earnings Reports Earnings Estimates × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Steve Cahalan: La Crosse egg roll business to open in early June Demand peaks for mushroom buyer in La Crescent Festival Foods buys Pierce's Markets in West Baraboo and Portage Ukraine to block access to Russia's social media websites Learjet crashes short of runway, killing 2 crew members Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide Bike Trail Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Current Weather 65.0° A Few Clouds Forecast Subscriber Services Sections Towns Batavia Geneva St. Charles Elburn Sugar Grove More Towns News News Home Local Election Central Get Newsletter Crime and Courts Government Education Local Business Town News and Info Community Dining Police Reports 2017 Election Results Finance Face Time Corrections Sports Sports Home Preps Columns Chicago Steel Kane County Cougars Community Sports Athlete of the Month Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Bears Features A&E Artist Q&A Books Chit Chat Everyday Heroes Features Food & Drink Health Lifestyle Movies Music Mystery Diner Planit Kane Taste of the Town Theater Weekend Life Opinion Opinion Home Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Editorial Cartoons Share Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Campus Report Eagle Scout Engagement Announcement Girl Scout Gold Award recipient Join the Birthday Club Letters to the Editor Local Band Spotlight Neighbors Press Release Service Report Share Photos Sidetracks Press Release Submit an Event Support Group Listings Wedding Announcement Contact Us About Us Advertise Business Showcase Celebrations Contact Coupons Deals Dining e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Fox River Bike Trails Forms Kane County Magazine Public Notices RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Weather More Photos and Lists Obituaries Photo Store Video News Video Live Video Events Pro Football Weekly Election Central Market Place Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified Digital Access Access kcchronicle.com from all your digital devices and receive breaking news and updates from around the area. Sign InSubscribe Home Delivery Want to make sure you receive the latest local news? We’ve got you covered! Get the best in local news, sports, community events, with focus on what’s coming up for the weekend. Weekly mail subscription offers Subscribe Text Alerts Choose your news! Select the text alerts you want to receive: breaking news, prep sports, weather, and more. Text alerts are a free service from Kane County Chronicle, but text rates may apply. Sign Up Email Newsletters Sign up for free email alerts. We'll deliver news & updates to your inbox. Sign Up Online Newspaper SectionsSubscribe Local Government Wal-Mart seeks OK for curbside pickup of alcohol in St. Charles Aldermen give preliminary approval for new service By MARTHA QUETSCH - editorial@kcchronicle.com 2:23 pm ST. CHARLES – Customers soon may be able to order alcohol online from Wal-Mart in St. Charles and pick it up at a designated curbside location at the store. During the Government Operations Committee meeting May 15, the majority of aldermen voted in favor of allowing the service at Wal-Mart. Wal-Mart’s new service will require final approval from the City Council, which could come June 5. Under the city’s liquor code, businesses may not offer drive-thru or curbside pickup of alcohol without a city waiver. The Liquor Control Commission earlier had recommended approval of the curbside pickup service at Wal-Mart after reviewing the store’s safeguards against alcohol being delivered to minors or to those who are impaired. Wal-Mart officials said for online orders and curbside pickups, a store associate brings out the groceries and finalizes the sale on a hand-held device. If the order includes alcohol, the sales associate first checks the customer’s identification to make sure they are at least 21 years old. Wal-Mart instituted the online ordering and curbside pickup at 18 of its Illinois stores in early May. The stores offer the curbside pickup between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. On Sundays in St. Charles, when alcohol sales are prohibited in the city until 10 a.m., online shoppers would not be able to pick up alcohol purchases until that time but could pick up other groceries starting at 8 a.m. Mayor Ray Rogina lauded Wal-Mart’s new service. “This plan is adopting a modern technology for the moderate demands of citizens,” Rogina said. Rogina noted that even though customers order the groceries online, the sale is local and the city would receive the applicable sales tax. Also on May 15, the City Council approved a request from Vintage 53 to create an outdoor patio on public property boundaries outside of the business, located at 162 S. First St. The patio will have four to six tables on the sidewalk in front of the restaurant and will have enclosure fencing. Related Links 'Cop on a Rooftop' fundraiser to take place May 19 in St. Charles St. Charles to host Memorial Day activities Hitting a high note - Jim McCullough celebrated at final choir concert Wal-Mart seeks OK for curbside pickup of alcohol in St. Charles St. Charles teacher accused of possessing child pornography Fox River Trail Guide 2017 Find the best trails in Kane County! Click Here AboutContactAdvertiseSubscribe Terms of ServicePrivacy PolicyEditorial Principles About Our AdsPlace a Classified AdCareersCopyright © 2017 Kane County Chronicle. All rights reserved. Published in St. Charles, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. FacebookTwitterCommentsEmailPrintMore Google+RedditPinterestTumblr
Target locked in game of shipping tag with Wal-Mart, Amazon - WBRC FOX6 News - Birmingham, AL Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Seen on WBRC FOX6 News Live Video & Events Download WBRC apps Seen on TV Traffic Tracker Editorials Recipes Delays and Closings News Download the WBRC News app Alabama Headlines National Tuscaloosa News Local Sports News Traffic Tracker Good Day Recipes Recalls Weather Download the WBRC Weather app Delays and Closings Weather Blog FutureCast SkyVision Cameras Zip Code Forecast Traffic Tracker Mickey's Weather Kids How to program a NOAA weather radio First Alert Weather Tour WBRC First Alert Severe Weather Policy WBRC First Alert Storm Tracker, powered by Town & Country Ford iHeartMedia Radio Partners Sports Alabama Auburn UAB Samford JSU Download the Sideline Plus app WBRC FOX6 Sideline Tide and Tigers Today Karle's Korner Alabama Sports Headlines Video Live Video Right This Minute Video Special Features Videos Sports Videos Editorials Videos Good Day Videos Weather Videos Share Photos and Videos Video Requests Good Day Traffic Tracker Contest Entry Page Recipes Business Break Mickey's Weather Kids Pet Pics Magic City Weekend Features Fugitive Finder Road Warrior Heart Gallery Alabama #WBRCandMe Pet Pics Weddings Home and Garden Food Health Money Auto Home/Family Tech TV Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events FOX Broadcasting Company Bounce TV Grit TV Absolutely Alabama Right This Minute About Us Meet the Team WBRC FOX6 News Job Opportunities WBRC FOX6 News Internship Program 2016 EEOC Public File Report Target locked in game of shipping tag with Wal-Mart, Amazon 2017-05-17T23:36:27Z2017-05-17T23:36:27Z (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar). This May 3, 2017, photo shows a Target logo on a store in Upper Saint Clair, Pa. Target Corp. reports earnings, Wednesday, May 17, 2017. (AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee). This Wednesday, Aug. 17, 2016, photo, shows the entrance for a Target store, in North Miami Beach, Fla. Target Corp. reports earnings, Wednesday, May 17, 2017. By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO AP Retail Writer NEW YORK (AP) - Target, Wal-Mart and Amazon are engaged in a game of shipping tag, each trying to adjust their free threshold and other shipping strategies to a level that can lure shoppers away from one of the other. Minneapolis-based Target has the furthest to go as it tries to put itself in better competition with Amazon, the undisputed online leader, and Wal-Mart, which has been buying online startups to beef up its own operations. Target has announced plans to put more money into both its online operations and its stores, and saw it online sales rise 22 percent for the first quarter. That was a slowdown from 34 percent in the fourth quarter, though. With shoppers overall less and less willing to wait for their items to arrive, figuring out a shipping strategy that will encourage people to buy more and also drive shoppers to its stores will be a key element for Target. Amazon "has a model of getting shoppers to order and having it show up in two days and is working to make it less than two days," said Tim Laseter, a partner at PwC. "There is no doubt that the general expectation is faster and cheaper." But he noted that Target and Wal-Mart can take advantage of their stores in this game as they increasingly cater to customers. Target has been pushing on a lot of fronts, from readjusting free shipping thresholds to planning to test a new same-day service at a store in Manhattan. "We believe that the future of retail is both digital and physical, and successful retailers will need to provide an outstanding experience in both," Chief Operating Officer John Mulligan told investors on Wednesday. Target had quietly raised its free shipping threshold to $35 from $25 this month, going in the opposite direction of Wal-Mart and Amazon. Asked about that move Wednesday, Chief Financial Officer Kathy R. Smith said that very few online orders are below $35. But she said, "We will always evaluate." Wal-Mart had lowered its bar to $35 from $50 earlier this year and scrapped its program called SavingsPass that offered free shipping but had an annual fee. It also cut its shipping time to two days on 2 million of its most popular items, including essentials like diapers and pet food as well as some toys and electronics. Wal-Mart's average shipping time has been three to five days. For Amazon's non-Prime members, the shipping time is five to eight days. Typical Target deliveries arrive in three to six days. The strategy shift was one of the first big moves by Walmart.com's CEO Mark Lore, who joined the company when the Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain bought online retailer Jet.com last year. In April, Wal-Mart also began offering discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to one of the company's stores for pickup - cheaper for the company than delivering to people's homes. Wal-Mart plans to expand the price cuts to more than a million items by the end of June. The company will be reporting its first-quarter results on Thursday. In the fourth quarter, Wal-Mart had a 29 percent increase in online sales, but the growth was on a bigger base of sales. Amazon.com, which had reduced the free shipping threshold for its non-Prime members to $35 from $49 following Wal-Mart's move, has lowered it again to $25. Greg Melich, an analyst at research firm Evercore, estimates that on average Amazon customers indicated they spend $800 annually on the site and members of its $99-a-year Prime program spend on average 2.7 times more than non-Prime members and receive 2.5 times more shipments per year. If Amazon's relationship with Prime members continues to grow, Melich said in a recent report, then Amazon's path toward Wal-Mart's 9 percent of the total U.S. retail market compared to Amazon's 3 percent is "reasonable." Target is also testing a program called Restock that would let its REDcard customers order household essentials like laundry detergent, paper towels and peanut butter and have them delivered to their homes the next day. The service, being tested with employees for now, is similar to Amazon Pantry, which charges $5.99 - but the Amazon delivery is not expedited. Target plans to expand the test to its loyalty card members in Minneapolis this summer. "Target Restock is a great start for Target to regain customers lost to Amazon, but Target may look to expand its efforts within Restock to the category of apparel" because of how important clothing is to Target's focus on style, said Matt Sargent, senior vice president of retail at the Magid consulting firm. He says it's "a next logical step for an initiative desperately needed at Target." Target is also preparing to launch a same-day delivery service at a store in the Tribeca neighborhood of Manhattan. Customers can choose a delivery window to have their orders delivered to their homes later that day. Amazon says Prime members in more than 5,000 cities and towns can receive their orders the same day or the next with same-day delivery or one-day shipping, depending on the item and location. Through Prime Now, members in more than 30 major cities can get tens of thousands of items for superfast, one-hour and free two-hour delivery. More than a year ago, Wal-Mart partnered with ride-hailing services Uber and Lyft to test same-day grocery deliveries in Phoenix and Denver. It's also testing same-day delivery service with Deliv at Sam's Club in Miami. Given the competition, CEO Brian Cornell said Wednesday that Target will be thinking about new ways to offer different services. Cornell said the company is "working right now to think about the next phase of loyalty and how we continue to leverage the REDcard to build even a stronger relationship with our guests." ___ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> MIT student sues CIA for info on Twitter jokes MIT student sues CIA for info on Twitter jokes Posted: Thursday, May 18 2017 2:33 AM EDT2017-05-18 06:33:47 GMT Updated: Thursday, May 18 2017 2:33 AM EDT2017-05-18 06:33:47 GMT A Massachusetts doctoral student is trying to force the CIA to open up about how it uses jokes on social media.More >> A Massachusetts doctoral student is trying to force the CIA to open up about how it uses jokes on social media.More >> Vegas police: Martial arts chokehold used in deadly chase Vegas police: Martial arts chokehold used in deadly chase Posted: Thursday, May 18 2017 2:33 AM EDT2017-05-18 06:33:22 GMT Updated: Thursday, May 18 2017 2:33 AM EDT2017-05-18 06:33:22 GMT Las Vegas police say an officer used a stun gun seven times and an unapproved neck hold on an unarmed man in a deadly chase at a casino over the weekend.More >> Las Vegas police say an officer used a stun gun seven times and an unapproved neck hold on an unarmed man in a deadly chase at a casino over the weekend.More >> Puerto Rico militant leader emerges from 36 years in custody Puerto Rico militant leader emerges from 36 years in custody Posted: Thursday, May 18 2017 2:28 AM EDT2017-05-18 06:28:11 GMT Updated: Thursday, May 18 2017 2:28 AM EDT2017-05-18 06:28:11 GMT Puerto Rican nationalist Oscar Lopez Rivera is being released Wednesday from house arrest after decades behind bars in a case that has made him a martyr for his supporters but outrages those who lost loved ones in...More >> Puerto Rican nationalist Oscar Lopez Rivera is being released Wednesday from house arrest after decades behind bars in a case that has made him a martyr for his supporters but outrages those who lost loved ones in a string of bombings.More >> The Latest: Protesters briefly block a Tulsa road The Latest: Protesters briefly block a Tulsa road Posted: Thursday, May 18 2017 2:27 AM EDT2017-05-18 06:27:59 GMT Updated: Thursday, May 18 2017 2:29 AM EDT2017-05-18 06:29:47 GMT Oklahoma's Republican Gov. Mary Fallin has called for calm after a jury found a Tulsa police officer not guilty in the shooting last year of an unarmed black man.More >> Oklahoma's Republican Gov. Mary Fallin has called for calm after a jury found a Tulsa police officer not guilty in the shooting last year of an unarmed black man.More >> Colorado man to be freed early now in immigration custody Colorado man to be freed early now in immigration custody Posted: Thursday, May 18 2017 2:27 AM EDT2017-05-18 06:27:49 GMT Updated: Thursday, May 18 2017 2:29 AM EDT2017-05-18 06:29:36 GMT A Colorado man whose 98-year prison term was cut short by a judge has been detained by immigration officials just as he was set to be released.More >> A Colorado man whose 98-year prison term was cut short by a judge has been detained by immigration officials just as he was set to be released.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1720 Valley View Drive Birmingham, AL 35209 (205) 322-6666 FCC Public File publicfile@wbrc.com (205) 583-4343 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Christopher Dilts/Bloomberg Target Gains After Sales Signal Comeback Bid Is Taking Hold by Matthew Boyle @bizboyle More stories by Matthew Boyle May 17, 2017, 6:42 AM EDT May 17, 2017, 12:23 PM EDT First-quarter earnings trounce Wall Street’s lowered estimates Exclusive designs from Victoria Beckham helped lift sales Target Corp.’s turnaround plan gained some much-needed momentum as its latest sales beat estimates, bucking the trend of gloomy results from bellwether U.S. retailers. The stock rose the most in six months after Target’s first-quarter sales decline was less severe than analysts projected. Earnings also sailed past Wall Street’s most optimistic estimates, helped by a sales uptick in March, and the company gave a brighter outlook for the full year. The results helped restore some optimism at a business that looked like another brick-and-mortar casualty, especially after bleak sales from Macy’s Inc. and other large retailers last week. Store closures and retail bankruptcies have left as much as $60 billion in sales up for grabs, Target estimated, but investors are concerned that Target will miss out as it struggles to compete with Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s low prices and Amazon.com Inc.’s digital prowess. Against that backdrop, the latest news came as a relief. “Less bad is the new good,” said Joe Feldman, an analyst at Telsey Advisory Group. “Give ’em credit: They beat. But I think it doesn’t really change the overall story. They are still planning to make this a transition year.” The stock rose as much as 4.5 percent to $56.97 in New York, the biggest intraday gain since November. Target had been down 25 percent this year through Tuesday’s close, hampered by concerns that it was losing ground to rivals. Though same-store sales fell 1.3 percent in the first quarter, that was better than analysts’ prediction for a 3.6 percent drop. Online sales helped, rising 22 percent and adding 0.8 percentage points to the same-store figure. Earnings amounted to $1.21 a share in the period, which ended April 29, compared with an average analyst estimate of 91 cents. Revamping Stores The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up That buys some time for Chief Executive Officer Brian Cornell, who aims to lower prices, refurbish more than 600 locations and introduce a dozen new exclusive brands. He unveiled the first today, Cloud Island, a line of 500 bath, bedding and decorative items for baby nurseries. Efforts to close the price gap with Wal-Mart and others will take time, Chief Financial Officer Cathy Smith said, supported by an ad campaign focused on everyday essential items dubbed “Run and Done.” While the results beat estimates in a “very choppy environment,” Cornell said, “we are not doing any high fives in the room today.” The $7 billion plan also includes opening 100 smaller locations in cities and college campuses over three years, part of a bid to grab more higher-income and millennial customers who increasingly shop online. “The challenges for traditional retailers are likely to only get worse as millennials move into their prime consumption years,” Wolfe Research analyst Scott Mushkin said in a note, adding that Target was “particularly vulnerable” as its key categories like apparel and baby are shifting online. Some of Target’s mini-stores are delivering comparable-sales gains of more than 10 percent, executives said on a call with analysts Wednesday. Its location in New York’s trendy Tribeca neighborhood will begin testing same-day delivery of in-store purchases next month. The store will serve Manhattan and parts of Brooklyn and Queens. March Improvement The first quarter began with very soft sales and then began to pick up -- especially in March, Cornell said. Bright spots were swimwear and an exclusive apparel line from designer Victoria Beckham, which Cornell said was one of its best collaborations ever. The results prompted Target to provide rosier guidance for full-year profit. It now expects earnings above the midpoint of its previous forecast of $3.80 to $4.20 a share. Analysts polled by Bloomberg predicted $4. The company didn’t raise its comparable-sales forecast for the year: It still expects a low single-digit decline. Target’s more upbeat outlook contrasted with the disappointing sales from department-store chains last week. Macy’s, the leader of that industry, suffered its worst stock decline since the recession after posting weak results. Kohl’s Corp., J.C. Penney Co., Nordstrom Inc. and Dillard’s Inc. also disappointed investors. ‘Tar-Zhay’ Reputation Cornell said today that the carnage across the retail industry will free up between $45 billion and $60 billion in sales. But it’s an open question how much of that Target will grab, given that Amazon accounted for more than three-quarters of U.S. retail growth over the holidays, according to Wells Fargo & Co. estimates, while Wal-Mart also gets more aggressive online. Many Target shareholders soured on the company after its earnings report in February, when it warned that it would cut prices and accept lower profitability. The news sent Target shares tumbling 12 percent, the most in more than eight years. The concern was that Target would lose its grip on more affluent shoppers, who had helped the company earns its faux French nickname, “Tar-zhay.” “Their performance in the fourth quarter really spooked them,” said Leon Nicholas, an analyst at Kantar Retail. While the Minneapolis-based company is now showing signs of progress, Nicholas joined Cornell by saying that it’s too early to celebrate. “Show me a few quarters of results first before we throw a parade,” Nicholas said. “As far as I’m concerned the band should keep their instruments in their cases.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read World's 500 Richest People Lose $35 Billion From Trump Turmoil Dow Falls 370 Points, Bonds Rally on Trump Turmoil: Markets Wrap Here's How Markets Are Reacting to the Trump-Comey Turmoil The U.S. Army Wants to Replace Its Helicopters With These Wall Street Wonders What’s Next After Trump Jolts Markets Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix CW39 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW39 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Local Nation/World Features Community Entertainment EyeOpener Traffic Contests Weather 79° 79° Low 76° High 83° Thu 76° 89° Fri 76° 88° Sat 73° 88° See complete forecast Tracy Morgan is ‘Alive’ and laughing in new Netflix special Posted 7:55 AM, May 17, 2017, by Tribune Media Wire Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Tracy Morgan is overcoming tragedy the only way he knows how, through laughter. The former "30 Rock" star returns to the stage in a new Netflix comedy special, "Tracy Morgan: Staying Alive" -- Morgan's first since a limo he was traveling in was hit by a Walmart truck in June 2014. × Tracy Morgan is ‘Alive’ and laughing in new Netflix special Tracy Morgan is overcoming tragedy the only way he knows how, through laughter. The former "30 Rock" star returns to the stage in a new Netflix comedy special, "Tracy Morgan: Staying Alive" -- Morgan's first since a limo he was traveling in was hit by a Walmart truck in June 2014. Tracy Morgan is overcoming tragedy the only way he knows how, through laughter. The former “30 Rock” star returns to the stage in a new Netflix comedy special, “Tracy Morgan: Staying Alive” — Morgan’s first since a limo he was traveling in was hit by a Walmart truck in June 2014. The crash left Morgan in a coma with a traumatic brain injury and killed his best friend, James McNair. Nearly three years later, Morgan is telling jokes in the standup special about his hard-won recovery. “I’ve always used my sense of humor as a healing process for me,” Morgan told CNN. “I made fun of [the accident]. I made fun of the whole thing.” The driver of the truck was charged with first-degree aggravated manslaughter, vehicular homicide and eight counts of aggravated assault. Morgan settled with Walmart and the driver for an undisclosed sum. “I’d give [the money] all back if I could get Jimmy Mack [McNair] back,” Morgan said. “Since I can’t have my friend back, then I’ll make fun of this.” Despite the ordeal, Morgan said he considers himself lucky. “I’ve overcome a lot but there are people out there that are worse off than me, and I have to see it that way,” he said. “I’m doing standup for Netflix, I’m living my life, I’m getting to see my kids grow. There’s people out there with nothing to eat, no water.” Morgan credits his current health to his supporters and his family. “I had to fight because they need me. I had to fight. My baby was only 10 months old, she’s my only daughter. I fought hard to come out of that coma … I missed my fans.” Ending the interview on a sarcastic note, Morgan said you still might catch him strolling the aisles at Walmart. “Because you still can’t beat their prices!” Filed in: Entertainment Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Got a Tip? Let us know! Click here to email us your news tip. Popular Newborn found with about 100 rodent bites; Arkansas parents arrested James Harden being sued by son of legendary Hall of Famer HPD: Bar shut down after 600 clubbers found drinking, partying inside Police officer accidentally overdoses after drug arrest in Ohio Latest News Men attack former Army ranger on Mother’s Day, steal his service dog Police: Woman asked officers to check her needle for meth Yale dean apologizes for Yelp reviews that left students ‘floored’ 4-year-old fatally shoots himself at babysitter’s Virginia home Nation/World Backlash after newspaper reports on United passenger’s background Nation/World Animal control claims longtime family dog is wolf hybrid, refuses to return him Nation/World NewsFix Firefighters make a dream come true for Walmart greeter Nation/World Video shows wrecked car – lodged into rear of truck – being dragged up Cajon Pass Local Fatal crash on I-45 at North Loop kills man Nation/World Prison escape leaves one deputy dead, another injured Nation/World NewsFix 5-year-old sneaks out with friend to ‘buy toys’ at night; driver rescues them from busy highway Nation/World NewsFix Father writes heartbreaking tribute to wife who is carrying baby without a brain to term Nation/World Man finds wedding ring in Mardi Gras beads, post goes viral Nation/World Blind family dog missing for a week found alive in California mountains NewsFix Two dead after truck rams pedestrians on Stockholm street Nation/World Storm chasers killed in crash while tracking Texas tornado Sports Fix Andre Johnson: “My career ends here, I am very excited I was able to come back home” Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 7700 Westpark Drive Houston, TX 77063 • Copyright © 2017, KIAH • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 65° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Showers and thunderstorms likely. Thunderstorms could be strong and possibly severe during the afternoon hours. Storms may produce large hail and strong winds. High 79F. Winds S at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 80%.. Tonight Scattered thunderstorms early, then variable clouds overnight with more showers at times. A few storms may be severe. Low 53F. Winds S at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 60%. Updated: May 17, 2017 @ 10:55 am Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close 1 of 2 Wilfredo Lee This Wednesday, Aug. 17, 2016, photo, shows the entrance for a Target store, in North Miami Beach, Fla. Target Corp. reports earnings, Wednesday, May 17, 2017. (AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee) Gene J. Puskar This May 3, 2017, photo shows a Target logo on a store in Upper Saint Clair, Pa. Target Corp. reports earnings, Wednesday, May 17, 2017. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar) AP Target profit rises, though a key sales measure falls By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO AP Retail Writer May 17, 2017 Updated 4 min ago 0 Wilfredo Lee This Wednesday, Aug. 17, 2016, photo, shows the entrance for a Target store, in North Miami Beach, Fla. Target Corp. reports earnings, Wednesday, May 17, 2017. (AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee) Gene J. Puskar This May 3, 2017, photo shows a Target logo on a store in Upper Saint Clair, Pa. Target Corp. reports earnings, Wednesday, May 17, 2017. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar) NEW YORK (AP) — Target's first-quarter profit rose almost 8 percent as attempts to turn its business around appear to be gaining some traction. Sales at established stores fell for the fourth consecutive quarter, but the decline was less than expected, and online sales surged 22 percent. While the good pieces of news sent shares up more than 2 percent in midday trading Wednesday, CEO Brian Cornell still needs to find a way for Target to thrive in the face of intense pressure from Amazon and Wal-Mart. One of Target's key problems is that customer traffic declines extended into the first quarter and the amount shoppers put in their baskets also dropped. And Target also is still struggling with groceries and essentials, which drive shoppers to the store. "While we are pleased that our first-quarter financial performance was better than expectations, our results are not where we want them to be and we have much more work to do," Cornell told investors. He noted that results have been volatile week to week since Christmas. Facing those challenges, Target had announced plans in February to remodel more than a third of its 1,800 stores over the next three years, speed up its expansion of small-format stores, bolster online operations, and launch new brands. The company will also use stores as local distribution hubs — using the backroom storage areas to also house goods bought online directly to homes, or held there to be picked up by shoppers. Target is now using about 1,000 stores for direct shipping in a bid to match Amazon's free, two-day delivery available to its Prime customers. With those measures in place, Target said it expects profits to start growing again in 2019 after taking a hit of $1 billion this year. Cornell had said Target wants to return to more consistent low prices on essentials to deepen loyalty among shoppers, a shift from the temporary discounts it had been promoting. That might look like it's taking a page from Wal-Mart's playbook. But Cornell said Target is focusing on exclusive brands and the experience customers have in stores as well. Target said it launched a new ad campaign focused its convenient and low-price assortment of everyday items late in the first quarter. All traditional stores have struggled as Amazon and other online retailers draw shoppers away. Under Cornell, Target had cut costs, revitalized its fashion and home decor sections, tested smaller formats, and expanded online services. But Cornell found those efforts were not paying off. As Target works to rebuild, Wal-Mart is expected to post another quarter of higher customer traffic and increased same-store sales Thursday as its efforts to merge online sales with its vast number of stores click. Wal-Mart had warned in 2015 that stepped-up investments in stores and in its employees would hurt profits. Those investments appear to be paying off. Traffic and sales are solid at stores as a renewed emphasis on low prices has lured shoppers back. Target said it's been seeing significant market share gains across clothing, including women's, children's and swimwear. And Cornell told reporters that Target is benefiting from other companies closing stores. He estimates that $45 billion to $60 billion in sales are up for grabs. The company is also testing a program called Restock that lets its REDcard customers order household essentials like laundry detergent, paper towels and peanut butter and have them delivered to their homes the next day. The service, being tested with employees for now, is similar to Amazon Pantry. It will be expanded to customers in the Minneapolis area this summer. Target had quietly raised its free shipping threshold to $35 from $25 this month, going in the opposite direction of Wal-Mart and Amazon. For the quarter ended April 29, Target earned $681 million or $1.23 per share. Adjusted earnings came to $1.21 per share, well above the 91 cents per share that Wall Street had expected according to FactSet. Revenue fell 1.1 percent to $16.02 billion, but still beat analyst projections of $15.62 billion. Comparable-store sales fell 1.3 percent, but that was better than the 3.7 percent decline analysts had expected. Target shares gained $1.15 to $55.67, but they're still down more than 24 percent for the year. ________ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business Earnings Surprises Earnings Financial Performance Corporate News Earnings Reports Earnings Estimates × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Steve Cahalan: La Crosse egg roll business to open in early June Demand peaks for mushroom buyer in La Crescent Festival Foods buys Pierce's Markets in West Baraboo and Portage Ukraine to block access to Russia's social media websites Learjet crashes short of runway, killing 2 crew members Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide Bike Trail Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
News Opinion Sports Entertainment 55° Full Menu 55° Home Customer Service Customer Service About Us Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Business Crime Databases Death Notices Education Local News Military News Obituaries Politics & Government State Traffic Watchdog Weather Opinion Opinion Cartoons Editorials Letters to the Editor Opinion Columns Submit a Letter Sports Sports College High School Preps Stats Mariners Seahawks Sounders UW Huskies Politics Politics Living Living Announcements Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Entertainment Entertainment Arts & Culture Comics Puzzles & Games Events Calendar Horoscopes Movies Restaurants Outdoors Outdoors Fishing Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Place An Ad This May 3, 2017, photo shows a Target logo on a store in Upper Saint Clair, Pa. Target Corp. reports earnings, Wednesday, May 17, 2017. Gene J. Puskar AP Photo This May 3, 2017, photo shows a Target logo on a store in Upper Saint Clair, Pa. Target Corp. reports earnings, Wednesday, May 17, 2017. Gene J. Puskar AP Photo Business May 17, 2017 3:22 PM Target locked in game of shipping tag with Wal-Mart, Amazon By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO AP Retail Writer LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story NEW YORK Target, Wal-Mart and Amazon are engaged in a game of shipping tag, each trying to adjust their free threshold and other shipping strategies to a level that can lure shoppers away from one of the other. Minneapolis-based Target has the furthest to go as it tries to put itself in better competition with Amazon, the undisputed online leader, and Wal-Mart, which has been buying online startups to beef up its own operations. Target has announced plans to put more money into both its online operations and its stores, and saw it online sales rise 22 percent for the first quarter. That was a slowdown from 34 percent in the fourth quarter, though. With shoppers overall less and less willing to wait for their items to arrive, figuring out a shipping strategy that will encourage people to buy more and also drive shoppers to its stores will be a key element for Target. Amazon "has a model of getting shoppers to order and having it show up in two days and is working to make it less than two days," said Tim Laseter, a partner at PwC. "There is no doubt that the general expectation is faster and cheaper." But he noted that Target and Wal-Mart can take advantage of their stores in this game as they increasingly cater to customers. Target has been pushing on a lot of fronts, from readjusting free shipping thresholds to planning to test a new same-day service at a store in Manhattan. "We believe that the future of retail is both digital and physical, and successful retailers will need to provide an outstanding experience in both," Chief Operating Officer John Mulligan told investors on Wednesday. Target had quietly raised its free shipping threshold to $35 from $25 this month, going in the opposite direction of Wal-Mart and Amazon. Asked about that move Wednesday, Chief Financial Officer Kathy R. Smith said that very few online orders are below $35. But she said, "We will always evaluate." Wal-Mart had lowered its bar to $35 from $50 earlier this year and scrapped its program called SavingsPass that offered free shipping but had an annual fee. It also cut its shipping time to two days on 2 million of its most popular items, including essentials like diapers and pet food as well as some toys and electronics. Wal-Mart's average shipping time has been three to five days. For Amazon's non-Prime members, the shipping time is five to eight days. Typical Target deliveries arrive in three to six days. The strategy shift was one of the first big moves by Walmart.com's CEO Mark Lore, who joined the company when the Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain bought online retailer Jet.com last year. In April, Wal-Mart also began offering discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to one of the company's stores for pickup — cheaper for the company than delivering to people's homes. Wal-Mart plans to expand the price cuts to more than a million items by the end of June. The company will be reporting its first-quarter results on Thursday. In the fourth quarter, Wal-Mart had a 29 percent increase in online sales, but the growth was on a bigger base of sales. Amazon.com, which had reduced the free shipping threshold for its non-Prime members to $35 from $49 following Wal-Mart's move, has lowered it again to $25. Greg Melich, an analyst at research firm Evercore, estimates that on average Amazon customers indicated they spend $800 annually on the site and members of its $99-a-year Prime program spend on average 2.7 times more than non-Prime members and receive 2.5 times more shipments per year. If Amazon's relationship with Prime members continues to grow, Melich said in a recent report, then Amazon's path toward Wal-Mart's 9 percent of the total U.S. retail market compared to Amazon's 3 percent is "reasonable." Target is also testing a program called Restock that would let its REDcard customers order household essentials like laundry detergent, paper towels and peanut butter and have them delivered to their homes the next day. The service, being tested with employees for now, is similar to Amazon Pantry, which charges $5.99 — but the Amazon delivery is not expedited. Target plans to expand the test to its loyalty card members in Minneapolis this summer. "Target Restock is a great start for Target to regain customers lost to Amazon, but Target may look to expand its efforts within Restock to the category of apparel" because of how important clothing is to Target's focus on style, said Matt Sargent, senior vice president of retail at the Magid consulting firm. He says it's "a next logical step for an initiative desperately needed at Target." Target is also preparing to launch a same-day delivery service at a store in the Tribeca neighborhood of Manhattan. Customers can choose a delivery window to have their orders delivered to their homes later that day. Amazon says Prime members in more than 5,000 cities and towns can receive their orders the same day or the next with same-day delivery or one-day shipping, depending on the item and location. Through Prime Now, members in more than 30 major cities can get tens of thousands of items for superfast, one-hour and free two-hour delivery. More than a year ago, Wal-Mart partnered with ride-hailing services Uber and Lyft to test same-day grocery deliveries in Phoenix and Denver. It's also testing same-day delivery service with Deliv at Sam's Club in Miami. Given the competition, CEO Brian Cornell said Wednesday that Target will be thinking about new ways to offer different services. Cornell said the company is "working right now to think about the next phase of loyalty and how we continue to leverage the REDcard to build even a stronger relationship with our guests." This Wednesday, Aug. 17, 2016, photo, shows the entrance for a Target store, in North Miami Beach, Fla. Target Corp. reports earnings, Wednesday, May 17, 2017. Wilfredo Lee AP Photo LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 7 days ago What $28 million buys you in Washington state 3:20 7 days ago What $28 million buys you in Washington state 1:27 11 days ago New Tumwater UPS store delivers multiple services 2:23 21 days ago Cafe 186 Opens at Olympia Elks Lodge View More Video Business Former admiral gets 18 months in jail for lying Hey, baby boomers, don’t wait on this deal to visit national parks Chelsea Manning 'looking forward to so much' after release Stocks, bond yields drop as Washington turmoil roils Street Markets Right Now: Washington turmoil unnerves markets Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Newsletters Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store RSS Feeds Contests Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Submit a Photo Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search 4 Things Brand Marketers Should Watch in Walmart's Earnings By Jack Neff - just now Array 0 U.K. Ad For Volvo's Grand Prix-Winning LifePaint is Banned By Emma Hall - just now Array 0 FEP, DAI and SSAI? A Connected TV Glossary to Keep You Wired In 1 hour ago Array 0 ABC Upfronts Diary: What's Old Is New Again By Jeanine Poggi - 8 hours ago Array 0 57% of China's Ad Spend Will Go to the Internet This Year By Angela Doland - 9 hours ago Array 0 ABC Upfronts Diary: What's Old Is New Again By Jeanine Poggi - 8 hours ago 0 Upfronts Diary: Kenny Mayne Sprouts Wings in ESPN Pitch By Anthony Crupi - 16 hours ago 0 ABC Upfront: 'Scandal' Ending Confirmed, 'Idol' Future Still Unclear By Jeanine Poggi - 17 hours ago 0 Happy Days for Broadcasters -- as Long as They're Selling Sports By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 How Instagram Selfie Filters Could Ding Snap's Ad Business By Garett Sloane - 16 hours ago 0 Team of Rivals: Inside Fox, Turner and Viacom's Strange Collaboration By Jeanine Poggi - Yesterday 0 Dairy Industry Ready to Remind Us Just How Much We Love It By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 Why There's No Yoga in Lululemon's First Global Campaign By Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 Happy Days for Broadcasters -- as Long as They're Selling Sports By Anthony Crupi - 23 hours ago 0 Behind NBC's Biggest Show (That Never Airs) By Jeanine Poggi - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. 4 Things Brand Marketers Should Watch in Walmart's Earnings By Jack Neff. Published on May 17, 2017. Will Walmart's results leave brand marketers smiling? Credit: Walmart Most Popular When Walmart reports first-quarter earnings May 18, it could yield plenty of signs about what's really happening in the market and how the giant retailer's reactions will affect the broader world of brands. Here are four big questions brand marketers should hope get answered in Walmart's pre-recorded earnings call. Can Walmart continue the positive momentum? Despite growing slower than Amazon -- like just about everyone else -- Walmart has been improving top-line results over the past two years. It delivered an upside surprise on comparable-store sales growth the prior quarter, its fiscal fourth. This was driven largely by supermarket-size Neighborhood Markets and more aggressive pricing. Walmart's beat came even as grocery-price deflation (fueled in part by Walmart) ended rival Kroger Co.'s 13-year streak of quarterly comp growth. But last quarter was tougher for everyone. Was Walmart a victim or a cause? Many retailers -- and marketers who supply Walmart -- have sung the blues about last quarter. Walmart's results should show whether it was a fellow victim or a cause. It's likely both. Walmart's more aggressive pricing -- aimed particularly at fending off Amazon and hard discounter Aldi -- has caught other retailers in the crossfire, particularly Kroger and Dollar General. But rising gas prices -- up around 20% from a year ago -- also hurt consumer spending elsewhere. And Walmart is particularly vulnerable here. It's underrepresented in big urban markets, where people use mass transit, and overrepresented everywhere else, where people drive more. How big of a problem will Walmart be for brands? Suppliers like Procter & Gamble Co., Unilever and Kimberly-Clark all cited retailer inventory reductions as a cause for weak U.S. results last quarter. That cost-cutting "retailer" was likely Walmart. Its comparable-store inventory declined 7.2% in the fiscal fourth quarter despite 1.8% comp sales growth. Thursday's results will show to what extent the trend continued, and maybe if it will abate as brand marketers have projected. Suppliers are also wary of being casualties in Walmart's war with hard discounters. These include Aldi, which already has 1,600 stores and plans another 650 by the end of next year, and its German compatriot Lidl, which also has U.S. expansion plans and has been reported to be scouting sites from the Mid-South to Cincinnati. Hard discounters sell mainly private labels, allowing them to undercut Walmart on price, which in turn pressures Walmart to expand its own private labels and push brands to lower prices. And what about that war with Amazon? Walmart e-commerce actually grew faster than Amazon in the fourth quarter. Much of that 29% growth came from the August acquisition of Jet.com. But even legacy Walmart.com has been doing better under Jet.com-turned-Walmart E-Commerce CEO Marc Lore -- adding 0.4 percentage points to Walmart's U.S. comp growth in the fiscal fourth quarter vs. 0.3 points the prior year. Thursday's results will show whether that momentum continued into the new year amid distractions from a slew of smaller e-commerce buys, including Modcloth, Shoebuy and Moosejaw. Walmart is still more than three times bigger than Amazon in the U.S. But its e-commerce sales are only around a sixth of Amazon, which dominates e-commerce to an extent Walmart never did brick-and-mortar. If the two retailers keep growing at last year's rates, Amazon will be bigger than Walmart in the U.S. by 2025. In this article: Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy CPG Retail Shopper Marketing Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES E3     Nintendo Switch Stock Tracking Report For May 17 Posted: May 17 2017, 1:57pm CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News     The latest Nintendo Switch stock tracking information for online and in stores for Wednesday, May 17th. Updated. On Friday, May 19, ToysRUs is restocking the $299.99 Nintendo Switch in stores. This will be the next big opportunity to find a Nintendo Switch console in stock besides in a bundle. Don't Miss: Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con in Stock Online Update: The Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con and the Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con have been in stock on amazon.com at around 1pm ET today for a short time. Amazon only made the Switch console available to Prime members. The Nintendo Switch console is available online only as part of bundles. GameStop has replaced the three Switch bundles the video game retailer offered last week on the weekend with three completely new Nintendo Switch bundles. Target is now also offering a Nintendo Switch bundle online at target.com.  The GameStop and Target Nintendo Switch bundles are the only option to buy a Nintendo Switch online on Wednesday.  Shoppers can track the availability of the four Nintendo Switch bundles with our new app The Tracker. Check the availability of the Nintendo Switch Neon Joy-Con Digital Bundle, Nintendo Switch Gray Joy-Con Bundle, Nintendo Switch Neon Joy-Con Physical Bundle and the new Nintendo Switch Gray Joy-Con Starter Bundle. This week the Nintendo Dock Set will ship and also new Nintendo Switch games will be released. Every new Switch game release is still a highlight as the catalog of available Switch games is still very limited.  Nintendo believes the Nintendo Switch will be as big as the extremely successful Nintendo Wii. Looking at the current shortage, the Japanese video game maker has a long road ahead of them to ship 101 million Nintendo Switch consoles. The positive reception and praise of the Nintendo Switch fuel the demand for the mobile and home console hybrid. Nintendo is also busy marketing the Nintendo Switch with hands-on events and at the E3 2017. Find below the latest Nintendo Switch online availability updates and stock tracking updates for stores. Nintendo Switch Stock at Online Stores On Wednesday the Nintendo Switch is available online as part of three new bundles starting at $484.99 online at gamestop.com.  Target's Nintendo Switch bundle on offer at target.com sells for $499.99. It is rather attractive bundle including Pro Controller, Zelda, Mario Kart and a bag. The Switch bundle at Target ships now, while the three GameStop offers ship May 26. The Nintendo Switch has been on sale on Friday, May 11 again at 5pm ET. Walmart's Nintendo Switch flash sale was over in minutes.  The Switch was available as a custom bundle. Through the Walmart app the $299 Switch consoles have been available too. To get an notification when Walmart is again selling the Nintendo Switch online try our new Tracker app. The Switch is extremely hard to score on Friday a walmart.com. A lot of successful orders got cancelled afterwards as Walmart sold more than they had available. It is a headscratcher why Walmart's shopping platform is not able to keep sales and stock in sync. Amazon in the UK is offering the Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con with an in stock date of May 25. The price of the UK import comes to $332.22 with 5 day shipping.  At this point no online retailer is selling the $299.99 Nintendo Switch consoles. The Nintendo Switch will continue to be hard to find for the foreseeable future. Nintendo plans to ship 10 million consoles world-wide in the time from April 2017 to April 2018. From the launch on Mach 3 to April 27, the Mario company sold 2.74 million Switch consoles. Online stores restocked the $299.99 Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con and the $299.99 Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con in time for the launch of Mario Kart 8 Deluxe on April 28. Since then the Switch console was out of stock online, besides the TRU bundle offer, according to data from The Tracker. The Nintendo Switch reseller markups keep steady and range today between $90 to $110 for the Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con and $100 to $130 for the Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con on amazon.com. The Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con is more rare than the console with Gray controllers, resulting in considerable higher market value. Overall the Nintendo Switch market prices have risen slightly. To find Nintendo Switch in stock online, shoppers can use our new The Tracker app, available as free download for iOS and Android.  There are also several new accessories coming on the market from Nintendo in the next weeks. See the full list of new Nintendo Switch accessories. When is Nintendo Switch in stock online again? Nintendo is ramping up the production for the Nintendo Switch, but has not disclosed what the current production capacity per month is. The demand for the Nintendo Switch will spike during the Holiday Shopping season 2017. Nintendo will set aside a large part of the Switch production during the next months for November and December. This stock piling will keep the Nintendo Switch in short supply during the next 5 months. As Nintendo coordinated new Switch console shipment with the launch of Mario Kart 8, we expect the company to do the same for the next major Switch game launches. This means the next big wave of new Switch consoles comes in mid-June for the release of ARMS. The Nintendo Switch will likely be offered in special bundles in time for the Holidays. A Mario Kart 8 Deluxe Switch bundle has already surfaced in Russia. Because of the incredible demand for the Switch console, the monetary savings on these bundles will be limited. Usually bundles offer a way for consumers to get a free game. Nintendo can afford to just offer some savings, unless the demand is slowing down. Read the latest Nintendo Switch news. How to find a Nintendo Switch in Stock Online We developed the The Tracker app to make finding stock of rare products online as easy and stress free as possible. Download the free app for Apple iPhone or Android phones. From the list products you select to be notified for the Switch with Grey Joy-Con and/or Neon Joy-Con. That is it. It is set and forget. At the moment we detect the Nintendo Switch console in stock at major online retailers, you receive a notification on your smartphone. Now you are just a tap away from buying a Nintendo Switch. You can also see the current availability of the Nintendo Switch consoles in the web version of The Tracker: Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con, Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con. Nintendo Switch in Stock at Stores ToysRUs sells the Nintendo Switch on Friday in stores. Lining up early is recommended. TRU Stores open at 10am local time.  The Nintendo Switch is available in 579 Walmart stores, 2 Target stores, 34 GameStop locations according to the Nintendo Switch inventory tracker iStockNow (6:00am ET). The number of Walmart stores stayed basically the same compared to Tuesday. Almost no Target store has the Switch in stock. The retailer sells though a Switch bundle online. The Nintendo flagship store in New York said on April 28 in a tweet to have the Nintendo Switch in stock each morning. People in New York or visitors can give this purchase option a try. Social media posts from people who visited the flagship store confirm the availability of the Switch at the Nintendo store in New York. Some even report that they saw the Switch still on the shelves late afternoon. Read the latest Nintendo Switch news. Updated: 2017-05-18 01:25:29am Offers Nintendo Switch Neon Joy-Con Digital Bundle Store: Gamestop Price: $499.99 Availability: Browse all current Offers This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Nintendo Switch Splatoon 2 Neon Green and Neon Pink Joy-Con and Pro Controller Editions Break Cover 50 minutes ago Amazon Fire 7 and Fire HD 8 with Amazon Alexa Unveiled 11 hours ago, 1:53pm CDT Google IO 2017 Keynote Live Stream Details 15 hours ago, 9:31am CDT Samsung Galaxy Note FE will be the Name of Refurbished Galaxy Note 7 16 hours ago, 9:27am CDT 115th Anniversary of Antikythera Mechanism’s Discovery: Intriguing Facts about the World’s First Computer 9 hours ago, 3:30pm CDT Butterfly Wings Inspire New Solar and Stealth Technologies 13 hours ago, 11:41am CDT E3 2017: Ubisoft Reveals E3 Games With Press Conference Schedule 15 hours ago, 9:39am CDT Nintendo Switch Is Back in Stock at ToysRUs on Friday 16 hours ago, 9:12am CDT Elextra Electric Supercar Coming in 2019 with 680 HP 17 hours ago, 8:24am CDT T. Rex Pulverized Bones with Bite Force of 8000 Pounds 17 hours ago, 8:03am CDT Nintendo Switch is best-selling Console in April 17 hours ago, 7:40am CDT SpaceX Rocket Will Take Your Loved One's Ashes into Space for $2500 18 hours ago, 7:08am CDT Samsung Galaxy Note 8 expected to pack a 6.3” display 18 hours ago, 7:03am CDT Samsung Has Already Sold 5 million Galaxy S8/S8+ 18 hours ago, 7:02am CDT Updated MacBook Air Tipped for WWDC Unveil 19 hours ago, 6:26am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News Nintendo Switch Availability Completely Changed Again at GameStop Amazon Echo Show Is Available for Pre-Order Now   Echo Show is Most Popular Device on Amazon The Tracker App by I4U News App Finds Rare Products in Stock Online Technology News Nintendo Switch Splatoon 2 Neon Green and Neon Pink Joy-Con and Pro Controller Editions Break Cover 50 minutes ago Amazon Fire 7 and Fire HD 8 with Amazon Alexa Unveiled 11 hours ago, 1:53pm CDT Google IO 2017 Keynote Live Stream Details 15 hours ago, 9:31am CDT Samsung Galaxy Note FE will be the Name of Refurbished Galaxy Note 7 16 hours ago, 9:27am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News Nintendo Switch Splatoon 2 Neon Green and Neon Pink Joy-Con and Pro Controller Editions Break Cover 50 minutes ago 115th Anniversary of Antikythera Mechanism’s Discovery: Intriguing Facts about the World’s First Computer 9 hours ago, 3:30pm CDT Amazon Fire 7 and Fire HD 8 with Amazon Alexa Unveiled 11 hours ago, 1:53pm CDT Butterfly Wings Inspire New Solar and Stealth Technologies 13 hours ago, 11:41am CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Local News Authorities: Shooting suspect fakes heart attack to avoid arrest Political News Special prosecutor abruptly named to probe Trump-Russia ties Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Record-setting temps in the 90s are on the way Sponsor Weather A-Maze-ing 2017 weather photos DUALDoppler5000 Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw NC State Keatts at home among ACC Hall of Famers at conference meeting North Carolina Former Tar Heel Hairston arrested on outstanding warrant in Wilmington Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Brownlow's zany off-season Twitter mailbag goes to 11 Wilmington puts best sandals forward, makes imprint on PGA players, fans On Twitter: UK lands Knox, Cal celebrates on hoverboard Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business Google unveils latest tech tricks as computers get smarter Business Another round of premium hikes: blame Trump or Obama? Sponsor Changing economy IBM confirms new layoffs as part of a talent 'remix' WRAL's 'State of Inequality' looks at economic differences across NC Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons DRAUGHON DRAWS: Sen. Brown's 'clean' energy Editorial: Senate's backward budget stifles innovation, new jobs Editorial: Will Burr step up or be a footnote? Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings 5 On Your Side Don't try to run: Tips to fend off dog attacks News Delta to use facial-recognition tech to check bags Business 5 ways to become a smaller target for ransomware hackers 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel National News Toddler suffers 2nd-degree burns on feet at splash pad Entertainment 'Living memorial': Putting Kennedy back into Kennedy Center Sponsor Best of spring Day trips from Raleigh Find egg hunts, bunny visits Farmers Market guide Flu season Five new flu deaths reported in NC; season total now at 136 Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About Raleigh restaurant to celebrate 25 years with lobster fest Out and About Free, family-friendly fun awaits at Moogfest Sponsor Summer festivals Headed to the Got to Be NC Festival with kids? Some tips Free, family-friendly fun awaits at Moogfest 11 spring festivals to check out in the Triangle Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast @NCCapitol 'Raise the age' bill passes house Local News McDougald Terrace food pantry ransacked by vandals, thieves Live Video Schedule 4:30a WRAL Morning News Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries 70° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 70° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal Lottery Celebrity Watch Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Breaking House Oversight Committee invites Comey to testify in probe of whether president interfered with FBI — The House Oversight Committee has set a hearing for May 24 to investigate whether President Trump interfered with an FBI investigation. The committee has asked former FBI Director James Comey to testify. more Weather 1 NC county is under alert. Details Published: 2017-05-17 05:08:00 Updated: 2017-05-17 05:08:00 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper $5 Bonus when you join Swagbucks in May Tags: Freebies Posted 5:08 a.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/185or Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters More on this Swagbucks website Swagbucks has a great sign-up bonus for May! You have probably seen me write about Swagbucks here on the blog. It's a site where you earn points (called SB) for things you're probably doing online already, like searching, watching videos, discovering deals, shopping online and taking surveys. Then you take those points and exchange them for gift cards to places like Amazon, Starbucks, Walmart, Target, CVS, Domino's, PayPal cash and more! Unlike a lot of other rewards sites, you can cash out at any time, and they have gift cards for as little as 300 SB (The $3 Amazon gift card - every little bit helps)! This month, you can get a 500 SB bonus (worth $5 in gift cards) through this blog when you sign up! Here's how it works: 1. Sign up at Swagbucks.com HERE. Click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get a bonus. 2. Earn 300 SB points total before 6/1/17 and you'll get a $3 (300 SB) bonus! 3. If you spend at least $25 through the Swagbucks Shop section, you'll get another $2 (200 SB) bonus on top of the cash back you'll get from shopping. You must receive your shopping SB before July 1st to get the 200 SB bonus. If I am doing any online shopping, I go through the Swagbucks Shop section if the store is participating so I can earn SB points for every purchase. I've used the Swagbucks Shop section for online shopping at stores including Amazon, Kohl's, Walmart, Target, Groupon and more. I usually cash in my SB points for CVS and Sheetz gift cards which means I use my SB for free toilet paper, free bath & beauty products and free gas! New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events (which we post about here on the blog and Swagbucks posts about on their website in the Swagbucks Blog section. * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Recently, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. I used a coupon code for a percent off when I made the purchase and qualified for free shipping and got the SB points added to my account a couple weeks later. * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE. To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. . . Disclosure: This post may contain affiliate links and we appreciate your using them! This means that I may receive compensation from other websites I mention on this blog. Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers Click to See All CONTESTS available from WRAL.com The "as low as" rate is at 3.72% APR (30 yr.) $175 Off - Electric Panel Replacement UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel Free Credit Score - No Card Required! Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Out and About Nightlife Photos Local News Wake Arrests Pets Pet Photos May 2017 North Carolina Former Tar Heel Hairston arrested on outstanding warrant in Wilmington National News Video shows 8 sharks swimming near Myrtle Beach National News The Latest: Protesters briefly block a Tulsa road National News Toddler suffers 2nd-degree burns on feet at splash pad Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Travel Durham woman makes earrings from film strips Political News Key moments of Trump-Comey clash and what's come after WRAL TV Thursday at 6: Dr. Mask reveals 5 keys to raising smarter kids Entertainment WRAL SmartShopper Grand A Day Giveaway (Ends 5/18/17) Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions News McDonald's adds curly fries to its menu, but there's a twist Go Ask Mom Headed to the Got to Be NC Festival with kids? Some tips Out and About Free, family-friendly fun awaits at Moogfest Out and About Alamo Drafthouse brings movie theater, beer hall to Raleigh Entertainment Man thanks iPhone's Siri for saving his life in explosion Family Yes, you're still at risk for the recent cyberattack. Here's a quick look at what you need to know State News Durham barista chosen best in US WRAL TV WRAL honored for coverage of Hurricane Matthew Outdoors Raleigh & Co.'s Triangle Guide to Parks and Trails 5 On Your Side Regular file backup one solution to ransomware threat Out and About Moogfest tackles protest, empowerment this weekend Political News Putin rushes to Trump's defense, laments US infighting Political News Trump lashes out at critics, 'naysayers,' unfair treatment Business Asian stocks slide as Trump's mounting woes rattle investors @NCCapitol Tillis released from hospital after collapsing at DC race Local News Gas leak leads to evacuation in Downtown Durham SmartShopper What's for dinner Wednesday? SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 5/17 @NCCapitol Cooper to extend LGBT protections SmartShopper Harris Teeter deals 5/17: FREEBIES, cheese, cantaloupe! @NCCapitol Senate proposes cutting 8 state education staffers, including 42-year employee SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Out and About Nightlife Photos Local News Wake Arrests Pets Pet Photos May 2017 North Carolina Former Tar Heel Hairston arrested on outstanding warrant in Wilmington National News Video shows 8 sharks swimming near Myrtle Beach National News The Latest: Protesters briefly block a Tulsa road National News Toddler suffers 2nd-degree burns on feet at splash pad Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Travel Durham woman makes earrings from film strips Political News Key moments of Trump-Comey clash and what's come after WRAL TV Thursday at 6: Dr. Mask reveals 5 keys to raising smarter kids Entertainment WRAL SmartShopper Grand A Day Giveaway (Ends 5/18/17) Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions News McDonald's adds curly fries to its menu, but there's a twist Go Ask Mom Headed to the Got to Be NC Festival with kids? Some tips Out and About Free, family-friendly fun awaits at Moogfest Out and About Alamo Drafthouse brings movie theater, beer hall to Raleigh Entertainment Man thanks iPhone's Siri for saving his life in explosion Family Yes, you're still at risk for the recent cyberattack. Here's a quick look at what you need to know State News Durham barista chosen best in US WRAL TV WRAL honored for coverage of Hurricane Matthew Outdoors Raleigh & Co.'s Triangle Guide to Parks and Trails 5 On Your Side Regular file backup one solution to ransomware threat Out and About Moogfest tackles protest, empowerment this weekend Political News Putin rushes to Trump's defense, laments US infighting Political News Trump lashes out at critics, 'naysayers,' unfair treatment Business Asian stocks slide as Trump's mounting woes rattle investors @NCCapitol Tillis released from hospital after collapsing at DC race Local News Gas leak leads to evacuation in Downtown Durham SmartShopper What's for dinner Wednesday? SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 5/17 @NCCapitol Cooper to extend LGBT protections SmartShopper Harris Teeter deals 5/17: FREEBIES, cheese, cantaloupe! @NCCapitol Senate proposes cutting 8 state education staffers, including 42-year employee WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Toggle navigation Personal Finance Savings Accounts CD Rates Loans Investing Retirement Checking Accounts Banking Credit Cards Videos Follow @GOBankingRates Advertiser Disclosure About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers GOBankingRates > Personal Finance > Saving Money > Best Deals and Freebies > 6 Grocery Store Deals That Beat Target and Walmart 6 Grocery Store Deals That Beat Target and WalmartSkip the big-box stores if you want to find the best grocery store deals. By Sabah Karimi | May 17, 2017 When you’re hungry for the big savings at the grocery store, you might be tempted to visit your local Target or Walmart to scoop up the latest specials and offers. However, these stores might not be the best places to buy groceries on a budget. Instead, your local grocery chain or supermarket might be dishing up the best prices on everything from organic food to alcohol. “If you were to compare the everyday low pricing of Walmart and similar discount stores, their prices are generally lower than a grocery store’s regular price,” said Stephanie Nelson of CouponMom.com. “However, grocery stores focus on highlighting a select number of sale items in their weekly ads, which may be 50 percent off the regular price.” Typically, grocery store sale items last only a few weeks, which is why “strategic shoppers stock up on grocery store sale items during those weeks and know not to pay full price,” said Nelson. Here’s a closer look at some of the best grocery store deals that tend to beat the prices at Target and Walmart: ©Aldi Produce If you aren’t making it to the farmers market for your weekly roundup of fresh produce, ALDI needs to be on your radar — not Target or Walmart. “ALDI’s fruit and vegetables are usually the lowest price compared to other grocers, and they rate as good quality — especially if you shop early mornings when stock is full to choose from,” said Brent Shelton of FatWallet.com. In his experience, Shelton has seen ALDI prices that are roughly 10 percent to 20 percent lower than prices at Walmart, Dollar General, Kroger and Save-A-Lot. Also See: Whole Foods vs. Aldi — Which Store Is Better for Your Money? Roman Tiraspolsky / Shutterstock.com Organic Food You might want to make your way to Trader Joe’s for organic fare, since the chain typically has better deals on these items than big-box stores like Target. According to data compiled by Get Healthy U, an online health and fitness resource, a 4.4-ounce tub of organic blueberries will run you $4.99 at Target but only $3.99 at Trader Joe’s. Organic baby spinach is $3.49 at Target and only $2.29 at Trader Joe’s. And organic peanut butter costs $3.49 at Trader Joe’s while Target charges $5.99 for a 16-ounce jar. No matter where you shop, however, make sure you truly are getting the best deals. You can do this by knowing which organic foods are worth the money —and which ones are not. ©Aldi Alcohol Whether you’re buying a few bottles of wine or a six-pack of beer, you could save money on alcoholic beverages by sticking with your neighborhood grocery store. For example, it’s hard to beat the $2.99 Charles Shaw “Two Buck Chuck” at Trader Joe’s, available in red and white varietals. You can also pick up a bottle of pinot grigio for $5.99 or Lambrusco for $4.99 at Trader Joe’s. Meanwhile, Walmart’s award-winning malbec retails for just under $7, reports Delish. Many grocery stores also run specials on brand-name beers and new arrivals each week, which means you might get a better deal on six-packs or single bottles without the trip to Walmart or Target. For example (at time of writing), a 24-pack of Budweiser, Miller or Coors is on sale for $17.99 at a Georgia Publix store and a 12-pack of Yuengling beer is just $9.99. Since grocery stores are known to rotate items on sale each week, keep an eye out for coupons and in-store offers at grocery and big-box stores to get the best price. ©Aldi Meat Whether you’re looking for hamburger meat or chicken, pay attention to weekly sales. Nelson suggested using this smart shopping strategy when buying meat: “Boneless chicken breasts may sell at a grocery store for $4 per pound. Walmart’s price may be $3 per pound. However, every other week, major grocery stores like Kroger or Safeway feature a brand of boneless chicken breasts for $2 per pound. Strategic shoppers would stock up on chicken during those weeks and only buy it when it was $2 per pound.” Is all that price checking worth the effort? “For my family of four, stocking the freezer with $2 chicken — instead of paying the going rate each week — saves $450 per year,” said Nelson. A Cost Breakdown: How to Pick Your Cut of Meat ©Aldi Store Brands Although both stores offer generic brands for low prices, Target or Walmart might not be the best place to get store-brand items. For example, a large can of Walmart’s Great Value chunk chicken breast costs $2.50 while a premium, flavored variety from Kroger can drop to a sale price of $1.89. And if you’re on the hunt for the best prices on gluten-free or organic store brands, head back to ALDI, which is much more budget-friendly than your regular grocery store, said Shelton. In addition to ALDI and Kroger, there are quite a few store brands that can save you money. So before you head out to your local grocery, big-box or even warehouse store, compare your generic options. Caftor / Shutterstock.com Baked Goods When it comes to cookies, cakes and pies, your sweet indulgences might wreck your diet — but they don’t have to empty your wallet. Since freshly baked goods have a short shelf life, your neighborhood grocer might be more likely to mark down items for a quick sale a day or two before their “best by” dates. This saves the stores from throwing the items away. Big-box stores, by contrast, might simply toss outdated items or donate them to a local food bank. Grocery store bakeries also tend to offer more low-priced seasonal goods to meet higher demand and run specials to attract more shoppers. Fourth of July cakes, pumpkin-themed cookies during Thanksgiving and Halloween cupcakes are just a few items to keep your eye on during celebration seasons. Check weekly fliers for the latest deals. And, if you’re looking for packaged goods, keep this insider’s secret in mind: “A good majority of ALDI’s pre-packed as private-label products are actually brand products, just repackaged,” said Shelton. “So [the] quality is high and [the] price is usually lower than the brands available at regular grocers.” Up Next: Costly Mistakes You’re Making While Grocery Shopping Share x Open a New Bank Account Check Out the Next Article Spotlight on Spicer: The Press Secretary’s Everything about the press secretary you won't learn from SNL. Related Articles Target vs. Walmart: Price Match Guarantee Exclusions The Best Spring Shopping Steals at Walmart, Target and More 10 Best and Worst Deals at Target 10 Best and Worst Deals at Walmart People are Reading Today Sponsored Links by Zergnet Comments Back to Top follow us: About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers © 2017 GOBankingRates. All Right Reserved. Newsletter Sign-up: × Advertiser Disclosure: Many of the offers appearing on this site are from advertisers from which this website receives compensation for being listed here. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). These offers do not represent all deposit accounts available.
CLOSE Politics Religion Sports Voting Laws Culture Health Immigration Technology Economy Education Energy Thursday, May 18, 2017 Insider K Street Lifestyle Opinion Politics Religion Sports Voting Laws Culture Health Immigration Technology Economy Education Energy Home Education Walmart $1 million Grant to CBCF Supports Interns Policy Education Walmart $1 million Grant to CBCF Supports Interns By Kenneth Mallory - 10:00pm October 26, 2011 1299 19 SHARE Facebook Twitter Walmart’s recent $1 million grant to the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation is an injection of sorely needed funding to support the organizations’ highly coveted Emerging Leaders Internship program. A Walmart official stated the company was “honored” to partner with the CBCF. “Diversity is core to Walmart’s success and we are always honored to partner with organizations that share our commitment to helping minority students succeed in life. The congressional internship program is a wonderful example of an initiative for African-American students that works,” said Kimberly Woodard, Walmart’s director of federal government relations and CBCF board member, in a statement. “The program’s success over the last six years has raised the bar for congressional internships and we commend the CBCF for its commitment to promoting diversity on the Hill.” According to information provided by the CBCF, Walmart has provided $2 million to support the program since 2006. Traci L. Hughes, Communications Director for the CBCF, told Politic365 in a phone interview that Walmart’s monetary support was “invaluable.” “More than 80 of our students have benefited from the internship program and clearly the training and exposure they have received served them well,” said Hughes. “Many of them have gone on to work on Capitol Hill. They’re currently earning law degrees, MBAs, and have even started their own companies.” The internship program spans a semester and CBCF says the program “… prepares participating students for careers in public service or the private sector.  As a result of Walmart’s funding, interns also receive a stipend and housing during their internships.” According to the CBCF, Walmart’s funding will also help sponsor its Semester in Washington internship program, a project formed through a partnership with the George Washington University. Former CBCF intern and Hampton University graduate Darien E. Nolin — now a financial analyst for a federal agency and MBA candidate at the Johns Hopkins University — spoke to Politic365 about the value of the CBCF’s internship programs. Nolin said that his CBCF internship afforded him an opportunity to develop more professional relationships with other interns and those working in Congress as he benefited from “… the amount of exposure that it brought and the amount of confidence it gave [him] to pursue other things.” And it appears that Nolin is among CBCF intern alums making remarkable educational and professional strides. “When you look at today’s economy and see what our former interns are doing and where they are working, it affirms the quality and reputation of our program as the best training ground for college students interested in public and civic service,” said Muriel Cooper, CBCF Senior Media Manager, in an email to Politic365. CBCF provided the following list of the CBCF’s Class of 2009 Walmart Emerging Leaders and the different educational and professional endeavors they are currently engaged in: Keith Benjamin: Legislative Associate for the Transport Workers Union of America, AFL-CIO and co-Chair of The Young & Powerful Group DC Chapter. Dshawna Bernard: Co-President of CoverME TTT designed to assist children in low income communities throughout the nation. Former protocol consular officer with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Trinidad and Tobago’s foreign service. Ayianna A. Kennerly: Field and Constituent Services Representative for Senator Al Franken (D-MN) Cedric Haynes: 2nd year, full scholarship law student at Mississippi College School of Law, Frederick Douglass Moot Court competitor, and at Morgan & Morgan as a law clerk. Niara Phillips: Homeland Security analyst with Booz Allen Hamilton Danielle Bowers: Research Analyst for Rep. Ronald Waters, Chairman of the Pennsylvania Legislative Black Caucus (PLBC). Also a 2nd year graduate student in the MPA program at Penn State University. Carlissia Graham: Scheduler to Senator Kirsten Gillibrand and very involved with sex trafficking organizations in DC, including Courtney’s House. Charlin Caster: Contractor/Consultant for a government agency working on labor and economic publications, including researching marketing efforts to deliver career information to Hispanic communities and corresponding with incarcerated persons seeking career and re-entry information. Delvin Champagne: Occupational Therapist, also just elected as the DC Representative to the American Occupational Therapy Association. LaShaunta Williams: Independent Research Assistant for Dr. Patrick Wolf, Endowed Chair of School Choice at the University of Arkansas. Brice Sikuade: Special Projects/Events Director, Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton, D-District of Columbia TAGS $1 million African-American award Congressional Black Caucus Foundation emerging leaders Experience Exposure grant HBCUs internship policy Students Walmart SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleIs Spectrum Really Important to Hispanics? Next articleMexico Saves the NBA Kenneth Mallory Kenneth Mallory, a political correspondent for Politic365, is an award-winning journalist and attorney who has free-lanced for several publications, in addition to serving as a general assignment reporter for the Washington Afro-American Newspaper. He earned his B.A. magna cum laude from University of Maryland, Baltimore County, in addition to his J.D. from Northwestern University School of Law. RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Education Granddaughter of Mary McLeod Bethune Blows Up DeVos and Jackson in Interview Education Text of Executive Order on #HBCUS Signed by President Trump on February 28 Education Rep. Alma Adams’ HBCU Capital Financing Bill Passes House 19 COMMENTS Walmart Community » Blog Archive » Walmart $1 Million Grant to CBCF Supports Interns 4:51pm October 28, 2011 at 4:51 pm […] Read more at Politic365 […] Reply 名牌汇，博客，幽默，恐怖，故事，惊悚， 5:05pm November 9, 2011 at 5:05 pm I like the valuable information you provide on your articles. I?ll bookmark your blog and take a look at once more here regularly. I am quite certain I?ll be informed plenty of new stuff proper right here! Good luck for the next! Reply keotitmakara 1:06am January 30, 2016 at 1:06 am Nice article Reply Mark SaKa 6:35am March 6, 2016 at 6:35 am let me know about your facebook page if you had it. Reply Rich Phal 6:36am March 6, 2016 at 6:36 am what is your twitter’s name? Reply Da Mo 12:04pm April 1, 2016 at 12:04 pm let me know your facebook page? Reply SVann 11:19am May 9, 2016 at 11:19 am Well said. I love Walmart anyway because it’s also 1 of the best online some among Amazon, Ebay, Alibaba, Aliexpress, etc. Reply Maurice 7:08am September 7, 2016 at 7:08 am Great job walmart! Reply leng koechenda 12:24pm October 26, 2016 at 12:24 pm I love Walmart but 1 million just little for them Reply Solida 12:02pm November 28, 2016 at 12:02 pm Great article and Thanks for sharing:) Reply Eva Mali 12:43am December 2, 2016 at 12:43 am So interesting article, good site! Thanks for share Reply Mark 6:56am January 12, 2017 at 6:56 am Walmart is kind of generous to help CBCF’s internship programs. And I really appreciate that. It gives the African-American students the opportunities to gain more experiences, develop their capacity and strengthen the confidence for their next careers. I hope it will continue to contribute to such a program. Reply Daniel 2:43am March 1, 2017 at 2:43 am You got very interesting content here , really appreciate thanks for you article , Thanks for sharing !!!!! Reply Jen Hoo 9:11am March 4, 2017 at 9:11 am Nice blog, really interesting. thank for sharing Reply jennifer juna 12:45pm March 15, 2017 at 12:45 pm Well done! Nice post! you have done a great job. Hoping, that you will continue doing like this some day for a next time. Thanks a lot!. Reply Melody Josten 3:57am March 29, 2017 at 3:57 am I have read your article, it is very great article. Thanks for sharing this with us. Reply Jhon Tom 9:05am April 18, 2017 at 9:05 am I love Walmart and i am sure Walmart’s success always Reply Monerath 10:19pm April 23, 2017 at 10:19 pm I must say you have very interesting content here. Reply Monory 3:19am May 17, 2017 at 3:19 am I must say you have hi quality articles here. I love the quote saying without trust there are no collaborations. this is true. This is what I learn. Reply LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Editors Picks A Device By Any Other Name…. Kristal High - 4:40pm October 22, 2015 Taraji P. Henson: Obama “Just Getting Started” in First Term Christopher Goins - 1:57pm January 23, 2013 Immigration Policy Targeting Military Families Outlined in Memo Bridgette Outten - 1:00pm August 2, 2010 Black in America 4: Armstrong Follows CNN Premier with Innovation Nation Kristal High - 11:06pm November 13, 2011 Politic365 is an opinion and policy blog focused on communities of color. We create a positive media outlet for the empowerment and enrichment of our elected officials and community leaders, provide a venue for the exploration of issues important to our communities and address political and policy about the economy, healthcare, technology, energy and a variety of social and cultural issues, all from the diverse perspective of people of color. Contact us: info@politic365.com EVEN MORE NEWS Investment Concerns Lead Charge in Restoring Internet Freedom 5:09pm May 17, 2017 Timeline Says it All as Trump Finally Meets His Match in... 7:28am May 17, 2017 Granddaughter of Mary McLeod Bethune Blows Up DeVos and Jackson in... 11:09am May 15, 2017 POPULAR CATEGORY Headline2246 Politics1997 National1963 News1269 Culture1028 Policy661 © Copyright 2015 - Newsmag by TagDiv Home Editorial Staff Join Our Mailing List Contact
May 17, 2017 | 77° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obits Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE 2016 Election Results Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home 2016 Election Results Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week Business Breaking From prices to patents, Target is losing the battle to Wal-Mart By Bloomberg News Posted May 16, 2017 May 16, 2017 Updated May 16, 2017 9:00pm ASSOCIATED PRESS A Target store in Miami in 2015. Wal-Mart is besting Target with cleaner stores, lower prices and a refurbished online strategy. For years, Target Corp. had bragging rights over Wal-Mart Stores Inc. in at least one area: cachet. With its sleek products and trendy designers, the company had an edge over Wal-Mart’s bland supercenters, and developed a cult following among customers. That was then. The tumult in U.S. retail with the rise of digital commerce has upended the industry’s natural pecking order, and one casualty has been Target’s cool factor. By a host of measures — sales, share price, even intellectual property — Wal-Mart is besting Target with cleaner stores, lower prices and a refurbished online strategy. “This is not your father’s Wal-Mart anymore,” said Chuck Grom, an analyst at Gordon Haskett Research Advisors. As the two retailers prepare to report first-quarter results this week, here’s how they stack up. The rivals’ divergent paths are perhaps best illustrated by same-store sales, a key industry metric. While Wal-Mart’s so-called “comps” have accelerated in recent quarters, Target’s have fallen into negative territory. And they aren’t likely to improve anytime soon, as the company has forecast a low-single digit decline for the full year. Wal-Mart’s sales, in contrast, may rise even further if food deflation subsides, according to Grom, since it generates more than half of its sales from the grocery aisles, compared with more than 20 percent for Target. Another reason for Target’s struggles is that its shoppers just aren’t buying as much, thanks to the growing appeal of online merchants such as Amazon.com Inc., which has made an aggressive push into apparel, a key category for Target. Amazon was the most highly regarded womenswear retailer in the U.S. based on affordability and authenticity, according to a survey from British trend tracker WGSN, while Target was eighth. In the most recent holiday quarter, the value of the average basket of goods at Target declined. Amazon, meantime, surpassed all other brick-and-mortar retailers as the most-popular shopping destination, according to researcher Kantar Retail. To get shoppers spending more, Target plans to introduce a dozen new exclusive brands, hoping to mimic the success of kids’ clothing line Cat & Jack, whose sales now approach $1 billion. It’s also testing next-day delivery of household staples like detergent and paper towels. “Target has lower penetration than Wal-Mart, so they have to get more out of their shoppers,” said Leon Nicholas, an analyst at Kantar. Wal-Mart, meanwhile, is rolling out curbside pickup of online grocery orders to 500 additional U.S. stores this year, eyeing busy suburban moms who don’t want to schlep around a cavernous big-box store. On a recent weekday morning at a Wal-Mart in Rogers, Arkansas, employees began walking the aisles to prepare online orders at 4 a.m. Outside the store, about 10 parking spaces were dedicated for curbside pickup. The company studied fast-food purveyors like McDonald’s Corp. to figure out the best layout for the pickup area. “For Wal-Mart, winning online grocery is mission critical,” said Robin Sherk, an analyst at Kantar. “There’s a lot of work to do there, but online grocery is probably working the best for them.” Target, following the 2013 data breach that exposed personal information of tens of millions of customers, ramped up promotional deals to lure shoppers back in the door. But such deals lead to price tags that swing up and down, confusing shoppers. Wal-Mart has invested billions to reduce its already low everyday prices to battle the encroachment of German hard-discount chains Aldi and Lidl, with a goal of being 15 percent cheaper than the competition on 80 percent of what it sells, according to an internal document obtained by Bloomberg. The result is a widening price gap between Wal-Mart and Target. Wal-Mart is also winning the intellectual property race. During the past five years, it has taken the lead over Target in patent applications, many focused on web development and easing shoppers’ journey through the store. The company has even filed a patent for in-store drones that would ferry products from the backroom to the sales floor. Target’s patents tend to deal with products, display units and shelving, according to researcher CB Insights. Over the past year, the company has jettisoned several long-term innovation projects to focus on its core business, and parted ways with its chief innovation and strategy officer and its chief digital officer. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Official admits he stole $3 million from school New gate at Portlock brings years-old issue to forefront Man gets life sentence for murdering Oahu real estate broker Worst treatment by media ever, Trump says; Dems demand probe Federal judge blocks restriction on immigrant legal help Comments () By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. Flag comments if you believe they do not follow our guidelines. Click here for more information on our commenting system. Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Jobs Editorial | Columns | Career | Food | teenAGE | Letters | Auto | Clovis Toons | Page2 | E-Paper | Supplements | Football O-WRAP: Master drainage for Ja… Samuda pays $546k for grass… Nugent's cybercrime case dropped 6:51 pm US Coast Guard repatriates 27 Cuban migrants 9:48 pm Swallowable balloons work to curb obesity 9:37 pm 76-y-o wife of former Falmouth mayor found with throat slashed 9:05 pm Brazil's Temer recorded agreeing corruption case hush money — report 8:39 pm Three more Deputy Solicitors General to be hired 8:18 pm Walmart pushing hard to catch Amazon in e-commerce Wednesday, May 17, 2017 Tweet NEW YORK, United States (AFP) — Walmart Stores, the 800-pound gorilla of retail, is running hard to catch up in an increasingly crucial segment where it is neither the biggest nor the best: e-commerce.The company, founded in 1962 by Sam Walton, has been gobbling up smaller and niche players in e-commerce in an effort to reach online shopping market leader, Amazon. Whether those efforts are paying off will be a focal point when Walmart Stores reports quarterly earnings tomorrow. A bit more than half of all funds spent online in the United States now goes to Amazon, according to the bank Macquarie. Part of Amazon's success stems from its breadth of offerings, which includes the Kindle that people use for reading and the Prime service that broadcasts popular television shows, said Krista Fabregas, e-commerce staff writer at FitSmallBusiness.com. “It's because Amazon has been doing such a great job at injecting itself into our everyday life,” she told AFP. “Walmart is not part of everyday life, nor is Macy's, nor is Gap, nor the other stores. We don't have a connection with any of them throughout the day.”   SHOPPNG SPREE Walmart has been doing some shopping of its own, in an effort to make up ground against Amazon. It spent US$3.3 billion last year to buy Jet.com, which was started by e-commerce entrepreneur Marc Lore, whose previous company was sold to Amazon for US$550 million. Lore is now chief executive of Walmart eCommerce US, where he oversees 15,000 employees split between Silicon Valley, Boston, Omaha and Bentonville, Arkansas, where Walmart is based. His annual salary at US$237 million is 10 times that of Wal-Mart chief executive Doug McMillon. In less than five months, Lore has directed Walmart to a number of acquisitions, including Shoebuy.com (US$70 million), ModCloth (US$45 million) and MooseJaw (US$51 million). Walmart is also in talks to acquire the menswear chain Bonobos for US$300 million, according to a person close to the matter. Part of Walmart's objective is to become a go-to place online for 'essential' products, such as toilet paper, beauty products, groceries, holiday gifts and children's toys. “We are focusing on the type of products that customers buy most,” said Walmart spokesman Ravi Jariwala. “We want to make sure that we have the best prices shipping to your home or offering a pickup discount.” Walmart in February scrapped a subscription delivery programme that was a rival to Amazon Prime in favour of a guarantee of free, two-day shipping for orders of more than US$35. Under the programme, customers can also pick up orders free if they go to one of Walmart's 4,700 US stores.   AMAZON KEEPS EDGE These efforts may cut into Amazon's lead in e-commerce, but overtaking Amazon appears unlikely anytime soon. “They have invested heavily on channels. It will restore growth that was necessary for survival,” said Keith Anderson of e-commerce analytics firm Profitero. “I don't see anything that suggests that Wal-Mart would catch up to Amazon or beat Amazon, but it's still very early,” he said. The vigour of Walmart's online investments today contrasts with its initial reticence in e-commerce, which was due to worries that growth of online shopping would cut into sales at brick and mortar stores. Walmart also was slow to introduce platforms for individual vendors who sought a venue for goods and did not introduce such an online marketplace until 2015, long after Amazon. Hannah Donoghue, director of advisory at Planet Retail RNG, said it is still relatively early in the game as far as e-commerce goes. Amazon is “the strongest right now; they are far ahead but there are a lot of innovations underway,” Donoghue said. “I don't think Amazon will be the only one. There will be another strong player.” For now, Wall Street is giving the edge to Amazon, valuing the technology giant at US$453 million, compared with Walmart's US$230 million. That's in spite of Walmart's far greater overall revenues, which were US$485.9 billion in 2016, more than 11 times those of Amazon. ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES 1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper ï¿½ email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Five reasons to start investing at an early age Rental income climbs for KP Reit GK earns $1.1 billion in Q1 2017 Caribbean Cement profit dips 45 per cent Lannaman and Morris Shipping to celebrate 45th anniversary Kingston Wharves to add domestic automotive centre Locally branded 3D phone to hit the market High crime rate a shadow over Caribbean tourism — study Nigerian economy glimpses dim light at end of tunnel Jain predicts year-end value of $136 to US$1 Business social: Mutually Exclusive Island Ecoessentials raises the bar China's fondness for pirated software raises risks in attack Sorry, paparazzi, celebs now get private treatment at LAX Red tape and taxes put brakes on 'Make In India' push How to sharpen your corporate image Brazil economy expected to show exit from recession Concerns over Noble's future after shares hammered Ethiopian honey farmers struggle with sticky traditions Iran's delayed gold rush disillusions voters ADVERTISEMENT Poll ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2809 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Pistol 4:41 PM 05/17/2017 Everything You Need To Know For Handgun Shooting 11:37 AM 05/16/2017 U.S. XM17 MHS – It’s The Hollow Points, Stupid 1:49 PM 05/12/2017 101st Airborne Division To Get New M17 Handgun ASAP Despite Legal Challenges 1:29 PM 05/12/2017 CCW Weekend: The Rewards And Challenges Of Carrying A 1911 7:57 AM 05/06/2017 Gun Test: EAA Witness Elite 1911 Polymer Pistol 6:02 PM 05/05/2017 Gun Test: Uberti 1872 Open Top Revolver 6:41 PM 05/04/2017 84 Year Old Indian Woman Is An Incredible Sharpshooter 2:59 PM 05/03/2017 New Revolvers For 2017 1:46 PM 05/03/2017 New 1911 Pistols For 2017 6:01 PM 04/28/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia BREAKING NEWS Authorities chasing reckless driver in East LA - WATCH LIVE Full Story Email TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Categories U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food Entertainment Watercooler Sports Community Pets Automotive Station Info #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Shows Eye On L.A. Vista L.A. Newsmakers LAFF TV Follow Us BREAKING NEWS Authorities chasing reckless driver in East LA - WATCH LIVE Full Story Email NEWS Woman sought on suspicion of stealing checks from Orange County Marine Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc7.com/video/embed/?pid=2005742" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Anaheim police are searching for a woman suspected of stealing checks from an Orange County Marine and cashing them at a Walmart in February. (KABC) KABC By Greg Lee Wednesday, May 17, 2017 06:01PM ANAHEIM, Calif. (KABC) -- Anaheim police are searching for a woman suspected of stealing checks from an Orange County Marine and cashing them at a Walmart in February. "An active duty U.S. Marine and his wife paid their rent with Western Union moneygrams. Those moneygrams were stolen from the mailbox," Sgt. Daron Wyatt said. Authorities said the couple dropped off three checks totaling more than $2,000 at the leasing office of the Hampton Pointe Apartments. People in the area said at the time his check was stolen, there were a series of rent check thefts at other complexes nearby. Those checks popped up in San Bernardino and Highland. "It was the same woman who cashed them at both Walmarts. She's actually seen entering with a child in a shopping cart when she does it. So she's even got a small child with her when she's committing these crimes," Wyatt said. Authorities said the woman may have altered the checks in order to cash them and may have been using a stolen identity. Eyewitness News learned the Marine who is stationed at Camp Pendleton wrote another check to pay his rent for the month. "He's not only fighting for us, but he's fighting for her and she goes and commits this crime where he's the victim. I think that's a travesty," Wyatt said. Anyone with more information was urged to call OC Crime Stoppers at (855) TIP-OCCS. Related Topics: newsidentity thefttheftmarineswalmartsurveillance videoAnaheimOrange County Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KABC-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS Authorities chase reckless driver on streets of LA Lawmakers praise special counsel appointed to oversee Russia investigation Michael Flynn will be a key figure in Robert Mueller's special Russia probe Not-guilty plea entered in Beverly Hills car assault that cost man his leg Colorado bodycam video shows dangerous encounter with armed man More News Top Stories Authorities chase reckless driver on streets of LA Deputy helps man robbed in Victorville get back home to Washington Not-guilty plea entered in Beverly Hills car assault that cost man his leg Colorado bodycam video shows dangerous encounter with armed man Former FBI Director Robert Mueller appointed as special counsel in Russia probe Ridley Scott's legacy cemented in Hollywood 1 killed in Santa Clarita after tire smashes through windshield on 14 Fwy Show More FDA approves ALS drug that could extend life expectancy State Dept. criticizes Turkey for violence outside embassy Police seek suspects in 'distraction theft' of elderly woman's wallet LA County vet offers tips on how to keep dogs from getting the flu Firefighters battle blaze on York Boulevard in Highland Park More News Top Video Not-guilty plea entered in Beverly Hills car assault that cost man his leg Botulism strikes 5 who ate nachos at NorCal gas station Ridley Scott's legacy cemented in Hollywood Police seek suspects in 'distraction theft' of elderly woman's wallet More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food Station Info #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Shows Eye On L.A. Vista L.A. Newsmakers LAFF TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KABC-TV Los Angeles. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Categories U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food Entertainment Watercooler Sports Community Pets Automotive Station Info #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Shows Eye On L.A. Vista L.A. Newsmakers LAFF TV Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KABC-TV Los Angeles
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2809 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Pistol 4:41 PM 05/17/2017 Everything You Need To Know For Handgun Shooting 11:37 AM 05/16/2017 U.S. XM17 MHS – It’s The Hollow Points, Stupid 1:49 PM 05/12/2017 101st Airborne Division To Get New M17 Handgun ASAP Despite Legal Challenges 1:29 PM 05/12/2017 CCW Weekend: The Rewards And Challenges Of Carrying A 1911 7:57 AM 05/06/2017 Gun Test: EAA Witness Elite 1911 Polymer Pistol 6:02 PM 05/05/2017 Gun Test: Uberti 1872 Open Top Revolver 6:41 PM 05/04/2017 84 Year Old Indian Woman Is An Incredible Sharpshooter 2:59 PM 05/03/2017 New Revolvers For 2017 1:46 PM 05/03/2017 New 1911 Pistols For 2017 6:01 PM 04/28/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Share 0 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-18 ‘I Am: Heath Ledger’ Has Something Even Die-Hard Fans Can Learn About The Late Star Entertainment 2017-05-17 Live Action ‘The Witcher’ Series Being Adapted For Netflix Entertainment 2017-05-17 Stephen King Finds New Way To Scare ‘Gwendy’s Button Box’ Co-Writer Richard Chizmar Entertainment 2017-05-17 ‘Fahrenheit 11/9’: Michael Moore To Explore Donald Trump’s Rise To Power In New ‘Fahrenheit 9/11’ Documentary News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-05-17 Bermuda Triangle: Debris Found Likely To Belong To The Latest Aircraft To Go Missing In The Deadly Area Basketball, Opinion 2017-05-17 Lonzo Ball To The Los Angeles Lakers A Done Deal? News 2017-05-17 Jason Chaffetz States ‘He’s Ready’ To Subpoena James Comey Memo Regarding Michael Flynn Investigation News 2017-05-17 Impeach Donald Trump Now, Say Nearly Half Of American Voters In New Poll Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-05-18 Social Media Unhappy About Recent WWE NXT Name Change Baseball 2017-05-17 Scott Servais Fired: Why Do So Many Seattle Mariners Fans Want Team To Fire Servais As Manager? Basketball 2017-05-17 Gilas Pilipinas Vs. Indonesia: Live Stream, Preview, Where To Watch SEABA 2017 Day 7 Wrestling 2017-05-17 Former Announcer Says Triple H Buried Every Wrestler In the Locker Room Before Undertaker WrestleMania Match Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-15 5 Lessons In Running A Successful Business, According To Kylie Jenner Lifestyle 2017-05-11 Today Is National Eat What You Want Day! Here’s How To Score Free Food Lifestyle 2017-05-09 Mother’s Day 2017: Six Cool Last-Minute Gifts To Give Mom Lifestyle 2017-05-05 What Is Cinco De Mayo Really About? Avocados And Beer Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-16 Deadly Hepatitis C Virus Is On The Rise In America Health 2017-05-16 Beware The ‘Caffeine Overdose’: Energy Drinks Kill Healthy South Carolina Teen, How Dangerous Is Caffeine? Health 2017-05-14 Cholera Outbreak: 115 Dead In Yemen ‘We Are Now Facing Serious Outbreak Of Cholera,’ Says Red Cross Health 2017-05-13 Long Eradicated Diseases Hidden In Permafrost May Run Rampant Again Thanks To Climate Change Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Technology 2017-05-17 Google I/O Debuts Android Go, Gets Friendly With Low-Spec Entry-Level Devices Gaming 2017-05-17 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Update: New Video Of Broken Boat From Supercell, Is ‘Clash of Clans’ Download Going Live Yet? Gaming 2017-05-17 ‘Overwatch’ Anniversary Event Starts Next Week, Play For Free That Weekend Gaming 2017-05-17 ‘ARK: Survival Evolved’ Volcano Goes Active, Characters Mindwiped In Latest PS4 And Xbox One Update BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-17 Trump Is Easy To Hack: Wi-Fi Networks Of Mar-A-Lago, Trump Hotels, Golf Clubs Have No Passwords, Open Printers BuzzWorthy 2017-05-17 Pippa Middleton Gets Bespoke Crystal Palace For Reception, But Will George And Charlotte Ruin Wedding? BuzzWorthy 2017-05-17 Woman Confronts Cheating Husband And Side Piece At Walmart [Video] [Opinion] BuzzWorthy 2017-05-17 Megan Sloan: Second Grade Teacher Charged With Bringing Heroin And Needles To Class SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Woman Confronts Cheating Husband And Side Piece At Walmart [Video] [Opinion] BuzzWorthy 0 0 0 May 17, 2017 Woman Confronts Cheating Husband And Side Piece At Walmart [Video] [Opinion] Fiona Miller The following article is entirely the opinion of Fiona Miller and does not reflect the views of the Inquisitr. At first, it seems like the poor Walmart customer who was verbally attacked and accused of sleeping with the angry woman’s husband in a new viral video could just be anyone, and that this is a case of mistaken identity or perhaps even someone having a breakdown. But when the husband appeared after parking his car, it was confirmed that he was definitely out shopping with his side piece. It’s doubtful the pair expected to run into his wife there, but if you’re going to cheat, at least try and keep it on the down-low and don’t do your grocery shopping with your side chick. At first, the woman known as Wayne’s wife who videotapes the side piece, approaches her calmly, asking if she knows who she is. She claims she doesn’t, which is a shock to Wayne’s wife, as the pair share a home together, and she accuses the side piece of breaking up a home. Wayne’s side chick appears to be relatively blasé about it at first, either perhaps not believing her or totally in shock that she got caught. Wayne’s side chick simple tells his wife that she “better get out of my face” and turns and walks away toward another aisle so she can presumably finish her grocery shopping without the inconvenience of knowing that she’s carrying on a relationship with a married man. “And if I don’t [get out of your face]?” Wayne’s wife asks. For all of that talk, Wayne’s side piece isn’t much action, as she continues on her merry way while Wayne’s wife calls her a nasty, filthy cheater. A sign warns customers that they are being monitored by video cameras. [Image by Scott Olson/Getty Images] “Do you realize have children? Do you realize that? Are you a Christian at all?” Wayne’s wife yells, beginning to get belligerent. However, the side piece is trying to avoid the situation for as long as possible, as though Wayne’s wife is just going to go away after confronting her. It is entirely possible Wayne’s wife already knew about the side chick and was just waiting for the moment when she would be able to confront her in this manner. The side piece gets in the check-out line and says Wayne’s wife should get out of her face while giving her a not-so-nice — or Christian — gesture. Wayne’s wife keeps going while the side piece totally ignores her. According to Wayne’s wife, she had already seen texts from the side chick, which show that she already knew he was married, meaning she probably knew exactly what his wife looked like. A security guard then stands between the two women as Wayne’s wife continues to yell that she has video evidence of the side piece coming into the house. But Wayne’s wife has respect for the rules of Walmart, so she stops filming as requested. Walmart worker in Miami gets ready for black Friday. [Image by Joe Raedle/Getty Images] However, the video picks up in the parking lot, with Wayne himself in the hot seat. “That’s how you do?” Wayne’s wife asks him in the parking lot. Surprisingly, Wayne seems just as unperturbed as his side piece. “I confronted your little broad in there,” his wife says. Wayne appears to be getting out of the side piece’s car, and the wife catches her license plate number so that she can perhaps track her down later on. She mentions that the pair have children once again, but Wayne seems totally unconcerned by this, nor does he show any remorse. It’s probably safe to say it’s over between Wayne and his wife, though it would be nice for Wayne to show a little bit of guilt for his behavior. [Featured Image by Scott Olson/Getty Images] Share 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Fiona Miller Tags: cheating husband, viral video, walmart May 17, 2017 Trump Is Easy To Hack: Wi-Fi Networks Of Mar-A-Lago, Trump Hotels, Golf Clubs Have No Passwords, Open Printers May 17, 2017 Putin’s Trump Tapes: Putin’s Transcripts, Not Audio Recordings, Of Trump’s Russian White House Meeting Coming Comments LATEST HEADLINES Zac Efron’s ‘Baywatch’ Co-Star Dwayne Johnson On Their Edgy Underwater Kiss The 18th Annual McMenamins UFO Festival Is On This Weekend In Oregon Social Media Unhappy About Recent WWE NXT Name Change ‘Days Of Our Lives’ Spoilers: Will Abigail Marry Dario? Answer Might Shock ‘Chabby’ Fans Yes, Andy Cohen Just Tasted Amber Tamblyn’s Breast Milk On ‘WWHL,’ Twitter Goes Wild The ’60 Days In: Atlanta’ Season Finale Wraps Up With A Surprising Twist For One Participant Google I/O Debuts Android Go, Gets Friendly With Low-Spec Entry-Level Devices Song Joong Ki Reportedly Inks New Deal And It Is Not For New Korean Drama Scott Servais Fired: Why Do So Many Seattle Mariners Fans Want Team To Fire Servais As Manager? Lawyers Ask To Show Man’s Erect Penis In Court To Prove Oral Sex Murder Defense Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories ‘Little People, Big World’s’ Zach And Tori Welcome Baby! See The Cute First Family Photo 20.1k 0 0 ‘Little People, Big World’: Tori Roloff Posts New Pic Of Baby Jackson, Zach Afraid To Cut Cord [UPDATE] 11.7k 0 0 James Woods’ Twitter Tweet: Anderson Cooper’s ‘Butt Plug Dislodges During A Newscast’ Calls For Twitter Ban 7.3k 0 0 Does Donald Trump Want To Be Impeached? It’s Shaping Up To Look That Way [Opinion] 6.8k 0 0 Donald Trump Passed Classified ISIS Info To Russians In Oval Office Meeting, Bombshell Report Says [Updated] 5.8k 0 0 ‘Little People, Big World’: Matt Roloff Reacts To Becoming A Grandpa, Fans Ask If Baby Has Dwarfism 5.7k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Share 0 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-18 ‘I Am: Heath Ledger’ Has Something Even Die-Hard Fans Can Learn About The Late Star Entertainment 2017-05-17 Live Action ‘The Witcher’ Series Being Adapted For Netflix Entertainment 2017-05-17 Stephen King Finds New Way To Scare ‘Gwendy’s Button Box’ Co-Writer Richard Chizmar Entertainment 2017-05-17 ‘Fahrenheit 11/9’: Michael Moore To Explore Donald Trump’s Rise To Power In New ‘Fahrenheit 9/11’ Documentary News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-05-17 Bermuda Triangle: Debris Found Likely To Belong To The Latest Aircraft To Go Missing In The Deadly Area Basketball, Opinion 2017-05-17 Lonzo Ball To The Los Angeles Lakers A Done Deal? News 2017-05-17 Jason Chaffetz States ‘He’s Ready’ To Subpoena James Comey Memo Regarding Michael Flynn Investigation News 2017-05-17 Impeach Donald Trump Now, Say Nearly Half Of American Voters In New Poll Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-05-18 Social Media Unhappy About Recent WWE NXT Name Change Baseball 2017-05-17 Scott Servais Fired: Why Do So Many Seattle Mariners Fans Want Team To Fire Servais As Manager? Basketball 2017-05-17 Gilas Pilipinas Vs. Indonesia: Live Stream, Preview, Where To Watch SEABA 2017 Day 7 Wrestling 2017-05-17 Former Announcer Says Triple H Buried Every Wrestler In the Locker Room Before Undertaker WrestleMania Match Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-15 5 Lessons In Running A Successful Business, According To Kylie Jenner Lifestyle 2017-05-11 Today Is National Eat What You Want Day! Here’s How To Score Free Food Lifestyle 2017-05-09 Mother’s Day 2017: Six Cool Last-Minute Gifts To Give Mom Lifestyle 2017-05-05 What Is Cinco De Mayo Really About? Avocados And Beer Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-16 Deadly Hepatitis C Virus Is On The Rise In America Health 2017-05-16 Beware The ‘Caffeine Overdose’: Energy Drinks Kill Healthy South Carolina Teen, How Dangerous Is Caffeine? Health 2017-05-14 Cholera Outbreak: 115 Dead In Yemen ‘We Are Now Facing Serious Outbreak Of Cholera,’ Says Red Cross Health 2017-05-13 Long Eradicated Diseases Hidden In Permafrost May Run Rampant Again Thanks To Climate Change Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Technology 2017-05-17 Google I/O Debuts Android Go, Gets Friendly With Low-Spec Entry-Level Devices Gaming 2017-05-17 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Update: New Video Of Broken Boat From Supercell, Is ‘Clash of Clans’ Download Going Live Yet? Gaming 2017-05-17 ‘Overwatch’ Anniversary Event Starts Next Week, Play For Free That Weekend Gaming 2017-05-17 ‘ARK: Survival Evolved’ Volcano Goes Active, Characters Mindwiped In Latest PS4 And Xbox One Update BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-17 Trump Is Easy To Hack: Wi-Fi Networks Of Mar-A-Lago, Trump Hotels, Golf Clubs Have No Passwords, Open Printers BuzzWorthy 2017-05-17 Pippa Middleton Gets Bespoke Crystal Palace For Reception, But Will George And Charlotte Ruin Wedding? BuzzWorthy 2017-05-17 Woman Confronts Cheating Husband And Side Piece At Walmart [Video] [Opinion] BuzzWorthy 2017-05-17 Megan Sloan: Second Grade Teacher Charged With Bringing Heroin And Needles To Class SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Woman Confronts Cheating Husband And Side Piece At Walmart [Video] [Opinion] BuzzWorthy 0 0 0 May 17, 2017 Woman Confronts Cheating Husband And Side Piece At Walmart [Video] [Opinion] Fiona Miller The following article is entirely the opinion of Fiona Miller and does not reflect the views of the Inquisitr. At first, it seems like the poor Walmart customer who was verbally attacked and accused of sleeping with the angry woman’s husband in a new viral video could just be anyone, and that this is a case of mistaken identity or perhaps even someone having a breakdown. But when the husband appeared after parking his car, it was confirmed that he was definitely out shopping with his side piece. It’s doubtful the pair expected to run into his wife there, but if you’re going to cheat, at least try and keep it on the down-low and don’t do your grocery shopping with your side chick. At first, the woman known as Wayne’s wife who videotapes the side piece, approaches her calmly, asking if she knows who she is. She claims she doesn’t, which is a shock to Wayne’s wife, as the pair share a home together, and she accuses the side piece of breaking up a home. Wayne’s side chick appears to be relatively blasé about it at first, either perhaps not believing her or totally in shock that she got caught. Wayne’s side chick simple tells his wife that she “better get out of my face” and turns and walks away toward another aisle so she can presumably finish her grocery shopping without the inconvenience of knowing that she’s carrying on a relationship with a married man. “And if I don’t [get out of your face]?” Wayne’s wife asks. For all of that talk, Wayne’s side piece isn’t much action, as she continues on her merry way while Wayne’s wife calls her a nasty, filthy cheater. A sign warns customers that they are being monitored by video cameras. [Image by Scott Olson/Getty Images] “Do you realize have children? Do you realize that? Are you a Christian at all?” Wayne’s wife yells, beginning to get belligerent. However, the side piece is trying to avoid the situation for as long as possible, as though Wayne’s wife is just going to go away after confronting her. It is entirely possible Wayne’s wife already knew about the side chick and was just waiting for the moment when she would be able to confront her in this manner. The side piece gets in the check-out line and says Wayne’s wife should get out of her face while giving her a not-so-nice — or Christian — gesture. Wayne’s wife keeps going while the side piece totally ignores her. According to Wayne’s wife, she had already seen texts from the side chick, which show that she already knew he was married, meaning she probably knew exactly what his wife looked like. A security guard then stands between the two women as Wayne’s wife continues to yell that she has video evidence of the side piece coming into the house. But Wayne’s wife has respect for the rules of Walmart, so she stops filming as requested. Walmart worker in Miami gets ready for black Friday. [Image by Joe Raedle/Getty Images] However, the video picks up in the parking lot, with Wayne himself in the hot seat. “That’s how you do?” Wayne’s wife asks him in the parking lot. Surprisingly, Wayne seems just as unperturbed as his side piece. “I confronted your little broad in there,” his wife says. Wayne appears to be getting out of the side piece’s car, and the wife catches her license plate number so that she can perhaps track her down later on. She mentions that the pair have children once again, but Wayne seems totally unconcerned by this, nor does he show any remorse. It’s probably safe to say it’s over between Wayne and his wife, though it would be nice for Wayne to show a little bit of guilt for his behavior. [Featured Image by Scott Olson/Getty Images] Share 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Fiona Miller Tags: cheating husband, viral video, walmart May 17, 2017 Trump Is Easy To Hack: Wi-Fi Networks Of Mar-A-Lago, Trump Hotels, Golf Clubs Have No Passwords, Open Printers May 17, 2017 Putin’s Trump Tapes: Putin’s Transcripts, Not Audio Recordings, Of Trump’s Russian White House Meeting Coming Comments LATEST HEADLINES Zac Efron’s ‘Baywatch’ Co-Star Dwayne Johnson On Their Edgy Underwater Kiss The 18th Annual McMenamins UFO Festival Is On This Weekend In Oregon Social Media Unhappy About Recent WWE NXT Name Change ‘Days Of Our Lives’ Spoilers: Will Abigail Marry Dario? Answer Might Shock ‘Chabby’ Fans Yes, Andy Cohen Just Tasted Amber Tamblyn’s Breast Milk On ‘WWHL,’ Twitter Goes Wild The ’60 Days In: Atlanta’ Season Finale Wraps Up With A Surprising Twist For One Participant Google I/O Debuts Android Go, Gets Friendly With Low-Spec Entry-Level Devices Song Joong Ki Reportedly Inks New Deal And It Is Not For New Korean Drama Scott Servais Fired: Why Do So Many Seattle Mariners Fans Want Team To Fire Servais As Manager? Lawyers Ask To Show Man’s Erect Penis In Court To Prove Oral Sex Murder Defense Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories ‘Little People, Big World’s’ Zach And Tori Welcome Baby! See The Cute First Family Photo 20.1k 0 0 ‘Little People, Big World’: Tori Roloff Posts New Pic Of Baby Jackson, Zach Afraid To Cut Cord [UPDATE] 11.7k 0 0 James Woods’ Twitter Tweet: Anderson Cooper’s ‘Butt Plug Dislodges During A Newscast’ Calls For Twitter Ban 7.3k 0 0 Does Donald Trump Want To Be Impeached? It’s Shaping Up To Look That Way [Opinion] 6.8k 0 0 Donald Trump Passed Classified ISIS Info To Russians In Oval Office Meeting, Bombshell Report Says [Updated] 5.8k 0 0 ‘Little People, Big World’: Matt Roloff Reacts To Becoming A Grandpa, Fans Ask If Baby Has Dwarfism 5.7k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Ex-FBI director to lead Trump-Russia probe After deadly Wisconsin tornado, residents try to pick up pieces Real ID bill heads to Gov. Dayton after clearing Legislature Blaine's busy 105th Avenue NE. goes from bumpy eyesore to hazard, city says Shopper tackles deer in Wadena Wal-Mart pet aisle Chelsea Manning 'looking forward to so much' after release Mpls. NAACP calls for boycott of Park Board over racial equity All about that change: Groenewegen dominates Gophers softball opponents Sentence transferred to Minnesota, Floyd can join Vikings next week How the recession split the millennial generation into haves and have-nots 'Keep St. Paul Boring' slogan calls out divisions with mix of humor, pride next Local 422830823 Wadena wildlife wanderings: Shopper tackles deer in Wal-Mart pet aisle The animal calmed down enough to be lassoed and returned to the great outdoors, police said.  By Paul Walsh Star Tribune May 17, 2017 — 10:38pm Stephanie Koljonen A shopper in Wadena got the best of this uninvited deer. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint A shopper in a central Minnesota Wal-Mart wrestled a deer to the floor — in the pet aisle, of course — and held down the animal until it could be carried outside and set free, authorities said Wednesday. The wild kingdom mayhem occurred about 7:30 p.m. Tuesday at the big-box store in Wadena, police said. A photo of the man pinning down the deer was posted on Facebook and is attracting quite a bit of social media attention. The animal calmed down enough to allow store employees to tie dog leashes to its legs before it was carried outside and freed, according to police. Stephanie Koljonen, the shopper who posted the photo of the deer whisperer covering the animal’s eyes in an effort to keep it from resisting, said, “We were shopping for dog dishes, and we were hearing something falling and a lady screaming.” Next thing Koljonen knew, she saw the deer sliding about on the smooth floor and then the man pinning the animal against a bag of dog food. Koljonen said the deer came in through the store’s garden door, which is motion-activated, and “just walked down the aisle.” Police said neither the deer nor its human rescuers appeared hurt in the commotion. pwalsh@startribune.com 612-673-4482 walshpj View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } Star Tribune Recommends How the recession split the millennial generation into haves and have-nots Fletcher's focus on expansion, trades, contracts talks for Granlund, Niederreiter Real ID bill heads to Gov. Dayton after clearing Legislature After deadly Wisconsin tornado, residents try to pick up pieces Shopper tackles deer in Wadena Wal-Mart pet aisle 2017 Summer Camp Guide Green Bay official explores ban on openly carrying guns A dark trick with a dummy bird Test your knowledge: Public or private? Man, girl rescued after vehicle broke through lake ice in W. Minn. Body may be that of missing St. Cloud man More From Local National 20 minutes ago Committee to consider eliminating labor review panel Wisconsin's 106-year-old labor commission would vanish and Gov. Scott Walker's administration would decide workplace disputes in its place under a budget proposal up for consideration Thursday in the Legislature's finance committee. South Metro 12:29am Vikings mulling moving training camp from Mankato to Eagan in 2018 The Vikings acknowledged Wednesday they could move training camp to Eagan as early as 2018. The team showed off its new under-construction headquarters to reporters on Wednesday. Local May 17 After deadly Wisconsin tornado, residents try to pick up pieces In the shambled remains of a mobile home park near Chetek, dazed residents look for pets as well as seeking shelter after the storm, which packed winds of 120 to 130 mph. Minneapolis May 17 Mpls. NAACP calls for boycott of Park Board over racial equity The local chapter wants fair treatment of employees of color in hiring, promotions and discipline. Local May 17 Tornado reported south of Mankato, but no damage or injuries found A tornado was reported in Rapidan Township, south of Mankato, Minn., about 4:40 p.m. Wednesday, but Blue Earth County sheriff’s deputies found no injuries or… Top Stories Ex-FBI director to lead Trump-Russia probe May. 17 After deadly Wisconsin tornado, residents try to pick up pieces May. 17 Real ID bill heads to Gov. Dayton after clearing Legislature 12:11am Most Read Shopper tackles deer in Wadena Wal-Mart pet aisle • Local After deadly Wisconsin tornado, residents try to pick up pieces • Local In hopes of reopening Nicollet Avenue, Minneapolis may spend $7 million on Kmart site • Minneapolis Report: U fundraiser inappropriately touched, hugged female employee • Local Blaine's busy 105th Avenue NE. goes from bumpy eyesore to hazard, city says • North Metro World North Korea, a land of few computers and many hackers Turkey's presidential guards violently clash with protesters outside U.S. Embassy Nation Jury acquits Tulsa cop in shooting of unarmed black man Chelsea Manning 'looking forward to so much' after release Politics Special prosecutor abruptly named to probe Trump-Russia ties Real ID bill heads to Gov. Dayton after clearing Legislature markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Twins Duffey grasps new 'asset' role for Twins' bullpen Souhan: Mauer's days off don't even attract attention now Vikings Vikings mulling moving training camp from Mankato to Eagan in 2018 Sentence transferred to Minnesota, Floyd can join Vikings next week MN United United goalkeeper misses practice for operation on broken nose Earthquakes, Orlando City FC play to 1-1 draw Celebrities Bill O'Reilly gets weekly spot on Glenn Beck's radio show C.J.: Remember Peter Thiele from AM 1500? He misses Minnesota and hates Dallas Cowboys Super Bowl LII Minneapolis scrubs its records to hide site of Super Bowl command center Local small businesses fight for a chance to cash in on Super Bowl LII poll Which Minnesota major league sports team will be the most successful... 10,000 Takes Can the 'No Buy' challenge cure my shopping habit? Millennial thanks the 'unofficial mothers' she met in Minnesota Featured Gallery Preppers: Prepared for the worst, not necessarily paranoid 12 photos Concerns about everything from natural disasters to attacks has some Minnesota ... Featured Video 'Big KAT' Karl-Anthony Towns and Kit Kat team up for ad 01:04 Minnesota Timberwolves center Karl-Anthony Towns got to show off his acting ... Magazine Floodgates are about to open on Prince's career after death MPR's Cathy Wurzer talks about life, death and Mountain Dew StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2809 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Pistol 4:41 PM 05/17/2017 Everything You Need To Know For Handgun Shooting 11:37 AM 05/16/2017 U.S. XM17 MHS – It’s The Hollow Points, Stupid 1:49 PM 05/12/2017 101st Airborne Division To Get New M17 Handgun ASAP Despite Legal Challenges 1:29 PM 05/12/2017 CCW Weekend: The Rewards And Challenges Of Carrying A 1911 7:57 AM 05/06/2017 Gun Test: EAA Witness Elite 1911 Polymer Pistol 6:02 PM 05/05/2017 Gun Test: Uberti 1872 Open Top Revolver 6:41 PM 05/04/2017 84 Year Old Indian Woman Is An Incredible Sharpshooter 2:59 PM 05/03/2017 New Revolvers For 2017 1:46 PM 05/03/2017 New 1911 Pistols For 2017 6:01 PM 04/28/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2809 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Pistol 4:41 PM 05/17/2017 Everything You Need To Know For Handgun Shooting 11:37 AM 05/16/2017 U.S. XM17 MHS – It’s The Hollow Points, Stupid 1:49 PM 05/12/2017 101st Airborne Division To Get New M17 Handgun ASAP Despite Legal Challenges 1:29 PM 05/12/2017 CCW Weekend: The Rewards And Challenges Of Carrying A 1911 7:57 AM 05/06/2017 Gun Test: EAA Witness Elite 1911 Polymer Pistol 6:02 PM 05/05/2017 Gun Test: Uberti 1872 Open Top Revolver 6:41 PM 05/04/2017 84 Year Old Indian Woman Is An Incredible Sharpshooter 2:59 PM 05/03/2017 New Revolvers For 2017 1:46 PM 05/03/2017 New 1911 Pistols For 2017 6:01 PM 04/28/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Do water filters really get the lead out? - Cleveland 19 News Cleveland, OH Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Ex-FBI director named special counsel in Russia investigation Cultivating Cleveland Must See Stories CLE43 Focus Text Alerts Traffic Maps Seen on 19 News Cleveland 19 Investigative Unit National/Int'l News State News Editorials with Erik Schrader CLE43 Focus Trending Stories Weather List | School Closings Download First Alert weather app Interactive Radar Sports Local Cavaliers coverage Cleveland Indians On the Mark Tony Zarrella's Z Files Sports Slideshows Cleveland Browns VIDEO Your Health Health Headlines Lifebanc: Organ Donation News Spot the Signs: Opioid Crisis Your Money Cleveland Now Partners Find Cheap Gas Near You! Recalls About Us Meet the Team Internships & Shadowing Cleveland 19 Careers Get our apps Editorials with Erik Schrader What's on Cleveland 19? Contests Cleveland open casting calls Management Advertise Do water filters really get the lead out? 2017-05-17T14:50:12Z2017-05-18T02:10:54Z Posted by Dani Carlson, Reporter Email Connect dcarlson@woio.com Follow @DaniCarlsonTV What brand water filter do you use? (Source: WOIO) Cleveland 19 News CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Three popular water filters and one less known one were put to the test with water spiked with total dissolved solids and lead.  Cleveland 19 purchased four types of water pitcher filters at a local store at the end of February: a Pur pitcher filter, a Brita pitcher filter, a Zerowater filter and Walmart's home brand Great Value filter. Each filter states it removes different things and only one of those filters said that it removed lead on the package.  CWM Laboratories, a Cleveland lab certified by the EPA to test drinking water, worked with Cleveland 19 to give each filter a standardized test. CWM performed each filter test with the same batch of municipal water. “We started to play with it in the lab a little bit, well we spiked the samples with certain levels of lead and other contaminants,” said Ron Gribik, the vice president of operations for CWM Cleveland.  By “play with it,” Gribik meant adding a controlled amount of specific contaminants to the water filtered through each filter. The lab tested for metals and total dissolved solids (TDS), which is the water term for anything like minerals or salts that in water.  The lab also tested each filter for aluminum, cadmium, chromium, copper, lead, mercury and zinc. Starting with the results of the TDS test, CMW spiked the water with 500 parts per million dissolved solids, and found out that three of the four brands – Brita, Pur and Great Value – filtered less than half of the solids out. Zerowater filters removed all but eight parts per million.  When the TDS were doubled to 1,000 parts per million, there were similar results.  Brita, Pur and Great Value removed just under half of what was put in the water. The Zerowater filter again removed all but eight parts per million.  CWM also tested for filtration of lead. The Zerowater brand was the only filter that claimed on the box to specifically remove lead.  Each of the other filters tested did not claim to remove lead. It’s important to read the fine print and know what each filter states it will remove and what it will not.  Other than Zerowater, “the other ones didn't specifically say [they removed lead] so we thought it would certainly be interesting to see, despite making the claim of filtering lead did they or did they not filter lead out,” said Gribik.  CWM spiked the water with 20 parts per billion (ppb) of lead. The EPA states that there is no safe level of lead. The agency rules state action must be taken if any drinking water contains lead at a level higher than 15 ppb. With a level of 20 ppb, Brita and Great Value didn't filter out half. Pur removed about two thirds of the lead. Zerowater filtered out all the lead but about a half a part per billion. The Zerowater filter brought the spiked water down to a level lower than the city’s unfiltered municipal drinking water which contained just under 1 ppb of lead.  Next, CWM spiked the testing water with 200 ppb of lead. Brita, Pur and Great Value all filtered out about 90 percent of the lead, but the filtered water would still contain more lead that the EPA allows.  Zerowater removed 98 percent of the lead, bringing the level down to less than five parts per billion.  Cleveland 19 reached out to the manufacturers for each filter.  Doug Kellam, the CEO of Zerowater said that he was a little disappointed that any contaminants -- no matter how low the levels were, remained in the water filtered through the Zerowater filter.  “I am, I am ... yeah and a little surprised too,” said Kellam. “It can happen but if it does we would guarantee that filter.” Kellam said it’s important for consumers to realize that there are differences between water filters – other than packaging.  “There's a huge gap between perception and reality and it looks like you’re investigating that,” he said. There is another factor – cost. Kellam said he knows that his product is more expensive than his main competitors. He estimated that since the Zerowater filter has a shorter lifespan, it costs about two and a half times more than Zerowater’s competitors. “I could probably go my entire life without wearing my seat belt and it would never ever impact me that’s the way drinking water is too. Most people will never be impacted by any safety issues in their drinking water but you know what it’s worth,” said Kellam. “The bottom line is, I think people should just get the best filter they can get. If that's us that's great. If, for their purposes, that's something else that’s fine too. I just think people should be more aware of those differences so they can make their decision.”  Cleveland 19 reached out to all of the filter companies involved in the test. Great Value never returned multiple requests for comment. Pur asked many follow up questions about our survey but thus far has not issued a statement.  Brita responded by saying they recently introduced a new filter specifically certified to remove lead, and accurately pointed out the filter we tried was not certified to remove lead. Cleveland 19 and CWM put the new Brita filter, the Longlast filter, to a similar test and found the results were similar to Zerowater’s test results. Again, showing it is important to read the packaging to see what each filter promises to remove.  Type Cost per replacement filter Duration Zerowater $14.94 22.5 gallons Brita $4.96 100 gallons Pur $7.94 120 gallons Great Value (Walmart brand) $4.94 40 gallons Secondary Test *NEW*Brita Longlast $14.62 120 gallons Brita responded with this statement Wednesday: Brita has been a leader in offering families a cost-effective, environmentally friendly option for great tasting water for over 20 years. There are two current trends that have us keenly aware that we play an important role in how people are thinking about and consuming water. One is the findings of contaminants in water supplies around the country. We know we have a unique opportunity to provide people with solutions that offer peace of mind, such as our new Longlast filter that removes 99 percent of lead. The other is a focus on improving our health and wellness. As people choose water over other beverages and understand the importance to their overall health, Brita provides solutions in many pitcher shapes and sizes, including our Stream pitcher that filters as it pours. And as tracking against both of these, we’ve evolved in the category and have  set out to offer greater options for people to match their lifestyles -- whether at home or away. We remain committed to making water safe to drink and good for the whole family. Download the Cleveland 19 News app and First Alert Weather app. Copyright 2017 WOIO. All rights reserved. Seen on 19Seen on 19More>> Video of students getting pepper sprayed at Ohio school leaves many scratching their heads Video of students getting pepper sprayed at Ohio school leaves many scratching their heads Updated: Wednesday, May 17 2017 7:13 PM EDT2017-05-17 23:13:40 GMT Barberton students pepper-sprayed. (Source: Youtube) A video of students from Barberton High School getting pepper sprayed is being shared widely online, and many are asking questions about what happened.More >> A video of students from Barberton High School getting pepper sprayed is being shared widely online, and many are asking questions about what happened.More >> Amy Mihaljevic's memorial marker restored in Bay Village Amy Mihaljevic's memorial marker restored in Bay Village Updated: Wednesday, May 17 2017 4:55 PM EDT2017-05-17 20:55:09 GMT Amy Mihaljevic memorial restored in Bay Village. The before picture is at the top, the after picture is at the bottom. (Source: WOIO) A Mayfield business repaired a weathered memorial for a Bay Village girl killed almost 30 years ago, free of charge.More >> A Mayfield business repaired a weathered memorial for a Bay Village girl killed almost 30 years ago, free of charge.More >> SLIDESHOW: 5 kids, 2 adults killed in Akron house fire SLIDESHOW: 5 kids, 2 adults killed in Akron house fire Deadly early morning fire in Akron.More >> Deadly early morning fire in Akron.More >> 5 ways college grads can get jobs outside their majors 5 ways college grads can get jobs outside their majors (Source: WOIO) In the past college majors could easily match jobs to their majors, today that's not as easy. More >> In the past college majors could easily match jobs to their majors, today that's not as easy. More >> The Latest: Miss District of Columbia wins 2017 Miss USA The Latest: Miss District of Columbia wins 2017 Miss USA Posted: Monday, May 15 2017 2:26 AM EDT2017-05-15 06:26:38 GMT Updated: Monday, May 15 2017 2:26 AM EDT2017-05-15 06:26:38 GMT 2017 edition of Miss USA pageant kicks off in Las Vegas.More >> 2017 edition of Miss USA pageant kicks off in Las Vegas.More >>    SpecialStay InformedMore>> Text Alerts Text Alerts Get emails and text alerts for breaking news, severe weather and more.More >> Get emails and text alerts for breaking news, severe weather and more.More >> Download: Cleveland 19 Apps Get our apps News and weather apps for iPhone, Android, Blackberry and tablets.More >> Can't Find Something? 1717 E. 12th Street Cleveland, OH 44114 (216) 771-1943 FCC Public File publicfile@woio.com (216) 367-7535 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2809 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Pistol 4:41 PM 05/17/2017 Everything You Need To Know For Handgun Shooting 11:37 AM 05/16/2017 U.S. XM17 MHS – It’s The Hollow Points, Stupid 1:49 PM 05/12/2017 101st Airborne Division To Get New M17 Handgun ASAP Despite Legal Challenges 1:29 PM 05/12/2017 CCW Weekend: The Rewards And Challenges Of Carrying A 1911 7:57 AM 05/06/2017 Gun Test: EAA Witness Elite 1911 Polymer Pistol 6:02 PM 05/05/2017 Gun Test: Uberti 1872 Open Top Revolver 6:41 PM 05/04/2017 84 Year Old Indian Woman Is An Incredible Sharpshooter 2:59 PM 05/03/2017 New Revolvers For 2017 1:46 PM 05/03/2017 New 1911 Pistols For 2017 6:01 PM 04/28/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in Sections Search Search Tips Sign in New York Post latest in business Ralph Lauren taps beauty biz exec to be next CEO SiriusXM in discussions to acquire struggling Pandora Stock market sees its worst slide since September Scaramucci says he’s loyal to Trump despite job snub Trump’s silent Twitter account spooks Wall Street investors Here are the constitutional crises worrying Wall Street Low-cost German grocer plots US invasion Homeless shelter given foreclosure reprieve — for now Investors should be all smiles at this year’s SALT conference L.A. Reid may have settled prior sexual harassment claims Colgate-Palmolive could be looking to sell TJ Maxx’s parent company sees sales fall flat Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Low-cost German grocer plots US invasion By Lisa Fickenscher View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) May 17, 2017 | 1:02pm | Updated May 17, 2017 | 5:49pm Modal Trigger Sipa USA If Whole Foods, Walmart and food retailers think the grocery business is tough now — they better not peek around the corner. Lidl, one of the largest European grocers — known for its rock-bottom prices — will next month begin a rollout of what they said will be 100 US stores dotted across the Southeast by the summer of 2018. The German retailer is promising its prices will be up to 50 percent less than other US supermarkets. Lidl is dipping it toe in the US market at a time when many traditional stateside grocers are under enormous competitive pressure with declining sales — due in part to stepped up competition from online delivery services like Amazon and FreshDirect. Low-cost brick-and-mortar rivals like Costco — the country’s No. 1 seller of organic produce — are also giving Whole Foods and Walmart a bit of indigestion. At a press event on Tuesday where Lidl brass showed off the chain’s products, including wine, cheeses, breads that are shipped in from France, Italy and Germany (with finishing baking done in Lidl stores) as well packaged goods, Lidl is prepared to undercut its competitors wherever it plants a flag. Though short on pricing details, Lidl lowers its costs by sourcing 90 percent of its goods from private label vendors, including wineries that are making exclusive products for the grocer. “We will offer the highest quality for the lowest price,” said Lidl’s executive vice president of purchasing Boudewijn Tiktakhile, who pointed to a Malbac wine from Chile that will cost $6.99. So far, Lidl is focused on buying its real estate and building new stores of 20,000 square feet for its initial incursion — around the size of a typical Trader Joe’s and a bit smaller than your typical grocery store. But US president and chief executive, Brendan Proctor, said the company would be open to leasing stores after this year. “We are procuring land and bringing our store designs from Europe,” Proctor told The Post, adding that Lidl stores have a lot of natural light that reduces its energy costs. Lidl stores typically have six aisles in which the merchandise is displayed in its shipping cartons and customers bag their own groceries. It operates 10,000 stores in 27 countries throughout Europe and set up shop in the US in 2015 where its headquarters are in Arlington, Va. The company says it will create 5,000 jobs here. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under delivery services ,  Food ,  food delivery ,  retailers Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Homeless shelter given foreclosure reprieve — for now Read Next Homeless shelter given foreclosure reprieve — for now Share Selection Columnists John Crudele Here are the constitutional crises worrying Wall Street Lois Weiss Homeless shelter given foreclosure reprieve — for now Claire Atkinson Warner Music boss nears royalty deal with Spotify SEE ALL COLUMNISTS Trending Now on NYPost.com 35,543 There's bad blood around how ESPN ended 'Mike & Mike' 30,495 How the 'world's oldest porn star' keeps it up for so long 28,260 This is what would happen if North Korea launched a real attack Now On Rock and Roll Hall of Famers jam with Tommy Hilfiger’s brother Politician demands apology from De Niro for Long Island joke Security guards shut down bathroom for J.Lo at benefit SEE ALL Video 0:47 Beached SUV is nearly swept out to sea More Stories page six Jimmy Fallon 'devastated' by Trump interview backlash Now On Decider Nicole Kidman Spits Out Chef Giada De Laurentiis’ Food During Contentious Cooking Segment nypost There's bad blood around how ESPN ended 'Mike & Mike' New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Germany's Lidl to price groceries up to 50 percent below U.S. rivals Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Wed May 17, 2017 | 12:06pm EDT Germany's Lidl to price groceries up to 50 percent below U.S. rivals FILE PHOTO: People walk past a Lidl supermaket in Paris, France, March 1, 2016. REUTERS/Jacky Naegelen By Nandita Bose | NEW YORK NEW YORK German discount grocery chain Lidl, which is opening its first U.S. stores this summer, said its products would be up to 50 percent cheaper than competitors, which are already caught up in a price war. "This is the right time for us to enter the United States," Brendan Proctor, chief executive officer for Lidl U.S., told Reuters at a media event in New York late on Tuesday. "We are confident in our model. We adapt quickly, so it's not about whether a market works for us but really about what we will do to make it work." Lidl, which runs 10,000 stores in 27 countries, and German rival Aldi Inc ALDIEI.UL have already upended Britain's grocery retail market, hurting incumbents like Tesco Plc (TSCO.L) and Wal-Mart Stores Inc's (WMT.N) ASDA supermarket chain. Lidl said it would open its first 20 U.S. stores in North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia, starting on June 15. Eighty more will follow in the United States within the first year, which Procter said would create 5,000 jobs. . Analysts estimate the company will have more than 330 U.S. stores by 2020. The stores will be 20,000 square feet in size and have only six aisles. The retailer's in-house brands will account for 90 percent of the products. The first 100 stores are newly constructed standalone retail properties that Lidl owns and developed. The company is open to leasing locations as it opens new stores, Proctor said. As Reuters first reported, Wal-Mart is running price tests in 11 U.S. states, pushing vendors to undercut rivals by 15 percent, and Aldi is aiming for prices 21 percent below its U.S. competition. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in New York; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Business News U.S. preparing to sue Fiat Chrysler over excess diesel emissions NEW YORK The U.S. Justice Department plans to file a civil lawsuit against Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV over excess diesel emissions as early as this week if no agreement is reached with the Italian-American automaker, two sources briefed on the matter said on Wednesday. Google shifts mobile focus to apps and digital assistant Mobile phone apps took center stage at Google’s annual developer conference on Wednesday as the search giant announced new features for its digital assistant and its popular photo app while devoting little time to the Android mobile operating system. Cisco revenue forecast disappoints; says to cut 1,100 more jobs Cisco Systems Inc forecast current-quarter revenue that widely missed analysts' estimates and said it would cut 1,100 more jobs, as the world's largest networking gear maker steps up efforts to transform into a software-focused company. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Portfolio Perspective Iconic Tour College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Debt Personal Finance Retirement Careers Savings Debt Tax Planning College Game Plan Household debt just surpassed the record level reached during the 2008 financial crisis Debt rose $149 billion compared with the last quarter of 2016, with nearly all the gain coming from mortgages. Reaching the peak raises questions about another financial meltdown. But the data show the current structure of debt is substantially different from 2008. Steve Liesman | @steveliesman 15 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters NY Fed: Q1 household debt surpasses '08 peak at $12.7T    15 Hours Ago | 02:08 The New York Federal Reserve reports that household debt across the nation has hit a dubious milestone in the first quarter: It surpassed the peak debt level of 2008 at $12.7 trillion. Household debt — including mortgages, auto and student loans, and credit cards — rose $149 billion compared with the last quarter of 2016, with nearly all the gain coming from mortgages. Reaching the peak raises questions about whether the backdrop exists again for another financial meltdown. But the data show the current structure of debt is substantially different from 2008. Mortgage debt has fallen from 73 percent to 68 percent of total debt since the peak. That has come along with a rise in auto- and student-loan debt as a percent of the average American's liabilities. Debt per capita, which hit $53,000 in 2008, comes in at around $48,000. The level has risen steadily since the bottom in 2013, but not nearly as sharply as it did in the years leading up to the financial crisis. While the percent of debt 90 days delinquent did rise for the second straight quarter, it remains well below the level of 2008 and substantially below the level of the worst days of the financial panic. The NY Fed says 3.37 percent of all debt outstanding is 90 days or more delinquent; that's up from 3.3 percent in the fourth quarter. But it was 8.7 percent in 2010, and 5.1 percent at 2008. The reason delinquency has improved is that a lot of the lending is only going to the most creditworthy borrowers. For example, those with credit scores of 760 or greater got 36 percent of all loans in 2008. But there are some worrisome signs. Credit-card delinquencies crept up and student-loan delinquencies remain stubbornly high in the low double digits. Delinquencies in the $1.2 trillion auto-loan market were down a bit, but they bear watching after a steady rise since 2012. Steve LiesmanCNBC Senior Economics Reporter To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2809 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Pistol 4:41 PM 05/17/2017 Everything You Need To Know For Handgun Shooting 11:37 AM 05/16/2017 U.S. XM17 MHS – It’s The Hollow Points, Stupid 1:49 PM 05/12/2017 101st Airborne Division To Get New M17 Handgun ASAP Despite Legal Challenges 1:29 PM 05/12/2017 CCW Weekend: The Rewards And Challenges Of Carrying A 1911 7:57 AM 05/06/2017 Gun Test: EAA Witness Elite 1911 Polymer Pistol 6:02 PM 05/05/2017 Gun Test: Uberti 1872 Open Top Revolver 6:41 PM 05/04/2017 84 Year Old Indian Woman Is An Incredible Sharpshooter 2:59 PM 05/03/2017 New Revolvers For 2017 1:46 PM 05/03/2017 New 1911 Pistols For 2017 6:01 PM 04/28/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Local News Sports Vinton County Obituaries Opinion Community News Local News Sports Vinton County Obituaries Opinion Community News Local News  Sports  Vinton County  Obituaries  Opinion  Community News   Local News  Sports  Vinton County  Obituaries  Opinion  Community News   Local News Sports Community News Opinion Obituaries Vinton County Family Features Lifestyle Classified Ads Public Notices/Legal Ads Electronic Newsletter RSS Feeds Event Calendar Send us a News Story Links Directory Church Directory Telegram Staff About The Telegram About Our Website Newspaper Awards Advertise with Us Subscribe Online Local News  Sports  Community News  Opinion  Obituaries  Vinton County  Family Features  Lifestyle  Classified Ads  Public Notices/Legal Ads  Electronic Newsletter  RSS Feeds  Event Calendar  Send us a News Story  Links Directory  Church Directory  Telegram Staff  About The Telegram  About Our Website  Newspaper Awards  Advertise with Us  Subscribe Online   home : local news : local news May 18, 2017 5/17/2017 9:22:00 AM Wellston man charged with theft of a purse PETE WILSON Editor A Wellston man has been charged with Theft after he allegedly stole a woman's purse at the Jackson Walmart store on Wednesday, May 10. The Jackson Police Department reports that Louie Beaver, 73, of 26 East 10th St., Wellston, was charged the following day with the assistance and support of the Wellston Police Department, after the theft at his Wellston residence. Jackson Police received a call at 6:34 p.m. on May 10 from the theft victim, Mary McCoy of Erwin Road, Jackson. McCoy told police she had left her purse behind in a motorized shopping cart in the front part of Walmart when she had changed carts. When she realized her purse was missing 30 minutes later, she found it was not where she had left it. She then checked the service desk and discovered her purse had been turned in by a Walmart employee who had found it on a shelf in the snacks' aisle. However, she soon discovered that two envelopes were missing from inside the purse, one of which contained $91 in cash. There was a Social Security card and two other benefits' cards in the other envelope. Using the store video surveillance system, police were able to see that an unidentified elderly man removed the purse from the unattended cart, and moments later appeared to be removing the envelopes from the purse. The suspect was later seen using money from an envelope to make a purchase before leaving the store in a van. In their efforts to identify the suspect, Jackson Police contacted the Wellston Police Department where officers recognized the suspect as Beaver. Wellston Police contacted Beaver late in the afternoon of May 11 at his residence and contacted Jackson Police who then came to the scene. Jackson Police noted Beaver appeared to be wearing the same clothes as the suspect on the videotape and that the parked van matched the description of the one in which the suspect was seen in at the Walmart parking lot. Police also found Beaver to be in possession of a receipt issued at the Walmart store in the period following the theft. Article Comment Submission Form Please feel free to submit your comments about this story for possible publication online and/or in our print edition. Article comments are not immediately posted to theTelegramNews.com. Each submission must be approved by our Editor, who reserves the right to remove inappropriate language or content. There may be a delay of up to 72 hours for any submission while the Editor reviews and approves your comments. Note: All information on this form is required. Submit an Article Comment First Name: Required Last Name: Required Telephone: Required Email: Required Comment: Required Passcode: Required Click here to see a new mix of characters. This is an anti-SPAM device. It is not case sensitive.     Advanced Search < May > S M T W T F S   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31       The Telegram | www.theTelegramNews.com | WKOV-FM 96.7 | WCJO-FM 97.7 | WYRO-FM 98.7 | WYPC-AM 1330 THE TELEGRAM | PO Box 667 Jackson OH 45640 | phone 740.286.3023 | fax 740.286.6679 Copyright © 2017 JACKSON COUNTY BROADCASTING, INC. Privacy Notice | Web Site Visitor Policy Software © 1998-2017 1up! Software, All Rights Reserved
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper Target surges after sales signal turnaround is taking root Target's first-quarter sales drop was better than expected, in comparison to a sharp decline in earnings by competitors like Macy's.PHOTO: AFP/GETTY IMAGES PublishedMay 17, 2017, 10:03 pm SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4694 Copy WASHINGTON (BLOOMBERG) - Target Corp's turnaround plan gained some much-needed momentum as its latest sales beat estimates, bucking the trend of gloomy results from bellwether US retailers. The stock jumped as much as 8.6 per cent in early trading after Target's first-quarter sales decline was less severe than analysts projected. Earnings also sailed past Wall Street's most optimistic estimates, helped by a sales uptick in March, and the company gave a brighter outlook for the full year. The results helped restore some optimism at a business that looked like another brick-and-mortar casualty, especially after bleak sales from Macy's and other large retailers last week. Investors have grown increasingly concerned that Target can't compete with either the scale of Wal-Mart Stores or the e-commerce prowess of Amazon.com. Against that backdrop, the latest news came as a relief. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up "Less bad is the new good," said Joe Feldman, an analyst at Telsey Advisory Group. "Give 'em credit: They beat. But I think it doesn't really change the overall story. They are still planning to make this a transition year." The stock rose as high as US$59.20 (S$82.6) in early trading after the report was released. Target had been down 25 per cent this year through Tuesday's close, hampered by concerns that it was losing ground to rivals. Though same-store sales fell 1.3 per cent in the first quarter, that was better than analysts' prediction for a 3.6 per cent drop. Earnings amounted to US$1.21 a share in the period, which ended April 29, compared with an average analyst estimate of 91 cents. That buys some time for the comeback efforts of chief executive officer Brian Cornell, who aims to lower prices, refurbish more than 600 locations and introduce a dozen new exclusive brands. The US$7 billion plan also includes opening 100 smaller shops in cities and college campuses over three years, part of a bid to better compete with Wal-Mart and Amazon. "While we are confident in our plans, we are facing multiple headwinds in the current landscape," Mr Cornell said in a statement. "As a result, we will continue to plan our business prudently." The latest results prompted Target to provide rosier guidance for full-year profit. It now expects earnings above the midpoint of its previous forecast of US$3.80 to US$4.20 a share. Analysts polled by Bloomberg predicted US$4. The company didn't raise its comparable-sales forecast for the year: It still expects a low single-digit decline. The first-quarter performance was better than the company's own expectations, Mr Cornell said, "reflecting strong execution by our team as they delivered for our guests in a very choppy environment." The period began with very soft sales and then began to pick up - especially in March, he said. Topics:  RETAIL US ECONOMY More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4694 Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content lg_a125972_2017may15_300x200_td.jpg 5 reasons why the LG Signature OLED TV W is a game-changer Merck_A125676_20170501_300x200 Women are at higher risk for anaemia ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Target's profit tops as turnaround efforts pay off, shares jump Reuters 19 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Counties where the American dream is dead America's fastest growing cities © Paul Sakuma/AP The front entrance of a Target store in Newark, Calif. Target Corp reported higher-than-expected quarterly profit and sales as some of its turnaround initiatives, including revamping stores and increased promotions, paid off. The company's shares rose 8.4 percent in premarket trading on Wednesday, bringing some cheer to the retail sector, which has been hurt by weak performances from department store chains last week. Load Error Target said in February it would undertake "aggressive promotional activities," revamp stores and invest in new brands and technology to combat competition from Wal-Mart Stores Inc and Amazon.com Inc. "We have started seeing improvement in store standards, including in-stocks, general tidiness and the front-end register experience as well as price investment," Jefferies analyst Daniel Binder said in a pre-earnings client note. Sales at Target stores open at least a year fell 1.3 percent, better than the 3.6 percent decline expected by analysts polled by research firm Consensus Metrix. The company said these sales fell due to a drop in customer visits and as shoppers bought fewer items on average. This was partially offset by a rise in demand for swimwear, electronics such as the Nintendo Switch gaming console, and also products created in collaboration with celebrities such as Victoria Beckham. The price war among U.S. big-box retailers is intensifying, with Wal-Mart and German grocery chain Aldi Inc taking actions such as changing prices frequently and forcing suppliers to reduce prices. Target's net income rose to $681 million, or $1.23 per share, in the first quarter ended April 29, from $632 million, or $1.05 per share, a year earlier. The retailer had recorded a $261 million charge related to the early retirement of debt in the year-earlier period. Excluding items, Target earned a profit of $1.21 per share. Revenue fell 1.1 percent to $16.02 billion. Analysts on average had expected earnings of 91 cents per share on revenue of $15.62 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Target also said the higher-than-expected performance in the first quarter increased the probability of its full-year results coming in above the midpoint of its previous forecast. It had forecast a low-single digit decline in comparable sales and adjusted earnings of $3.80-$4.20 per share for the year ending January 2018. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices More in Inside the Ticker The growing industry that wants to unlock your DNA Inside the Ticker Costco has quietly built up its online business The Motley Fool Apple Would Rather Kill US Manufacturing If It Could The Motley Fool Nintendo has lost $3 billion in value since Super Mario Run came out Quartz The Inside Story of Apple's $14 Billion Tax Bill Bloomberg More From Reuters EU fines Facebook 110 million euros over misleading WhatsApp data Reuters Leicester want top-half finish - Vardy Reuters Sharapova's sponsor backs French Open snub, blames WADA Reuters Reuters View the full site AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman PepsiCo and Feed the Children Unite to Strike out Hunger WASHINGTON, May 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Eight hundred DC-area families in need will receive enough food to supplement meals for a week plus daily essentials, thanks to a partnership between PepsiCo and Feed the Children.  The event kicks off today at 11:00 a.m. at the Washington Nationals Youth Baseball Academy, 3675 Ely Place SE.  Participating families, pre-identified by the Washington Nationals Youth Baseball Academy and Central Union Mission, will each receive: one 25-pound box of nonperishable food items one 10-pound box of personal-care items one box of AVON products One 20-count Frito-Lay Variety Pack Pepsi Beverages Quaker Chewy Granola Bars Quaker Instant Oatmeal Tropicana Orange Juice Fresh fruit from Walmart Bread from Schmidt Baking Volunteers from PepsiCo, Walmart, Schmidt Bakery and Feed the Children will be onsite serving families and assisting with distribution. „We’re excited to team up with the Feed the Children to help take care of our friends and neighbors in Washington D.C.,” said Kevin Berry, sales zone director, Washington D.C. zone, PepsiCo’s Frito-Lay Division. „We believe it’s important that we give back to a community that means so much to us and we’re grateful for the opportunity to take part in meeting these 800 families’ needs.” This is the eighth annual event PepsiCo and Feed the Children have hosted in the D.C. community, where eighteen percent of the population lives below the poverty line. Similar events will be hosted in other major U.S. cities throughout the remainder of the year. About Feed the Children Established in 1979, Feed the Children exists to end child hunger.  It is one of the largest U.S.-based charities and serves those in need in the U.S. and in 10 countries around the world. It provides food, education, essentials and disaster relief. Domestically, it operates 5 distribution centers (located in Oklahoma, Indiana, California, Tennessee and Pennsylvania). In fiscal year 2015, Feed the Children distributed 107 million pounds of food and essentials valued at $302 million to people in the U.S., and internationally, it sponsored nearly 24,500 children, addressing the root causes of poverty through child sponsorship and school sponsorship. It is accredited by GuideStar Exchange and the BBB Wise Giving Alliance as well as maintains a 4-star rating from Charity Navigator. Visit www.feedthechildren.org for more information. About PepsiCo PepsiCo products are enjoyed by consumers one billion times a day in more than 200 countries and territories around the world. PepsiCo generated approximately $63 billion in net revenue in 2016, driven by a complementary food and beverage portfolio that includes Frito-Lay, Gatorade, Pepsi-Cola, Quaker and Tropicana. PepsiCo’s product portfolio includes a wide range of enjoyable foods and beverages, including 22 brands that generate more than $1 billion each in estimated annual retail sales. At the heart of PepsiCo is Performance with Purpose – our fundamental belief that the success of our company is inextricably linked to the sustainability of the world around. We believe that continuously improving the products we sell, operating responsibly to protect our planet and empowering people around the world is what enables PepsiCo to run a successful global company that creates long-term value for society and our shareholders. For more information, visit www.pepsico.com. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pepsico-and-feed-the-children-unite-to-strike-out-hunger-300458829.html SOURCE PepsiCo Related Links http://www.pepsico.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsCorporate Social Responsibility Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Statement Regarding Xifaxan Intellectual Property Litigation Next PostNext Fluorochemicals Market: Segmented by Application and Geography Trends, Growth and Forecasts to 2022 Search Recent Posts China’s DHgate Launches First Wholesale Storefront in Budapest Union International Trading Company Named Exclusive Distributor for OFRA Cosmetics in United Arab Emirates ORAVA ASUNTORAHASTO OYJ:N OSAVUOSIKATSAUS 1.1.-31.3.2017 Servo Motors and Drives Market Revenue Predicted to Go Up by 2024 – PMR Report Electric Heating Organic Heat Carrier Furnace Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Jefferies Group LLC Raises Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Price Target to $88.00 Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Yelp Inc (YELP) Yelp Inc (YELP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Citigroup Inc Lowers Hannover Rueck SE (HVRRY) to Neutral Bank of Montreal Can Increases Position in Commscope Holding Company Inc (COMM) Cia Energetica de Minas Gerais CEMIG-ADR (CIG) Stake Raised by Bank of Montreal Can Bank of Montreal Can Has $1.757 Million Stake in Genesco Inc. (GCO) NxStage Medical, Inc. (NXTM) Position Decreased by Bank of Montreal Can Neenah Paper, Inc. (NP) Stake Boosted by Capstone Asset Management Co. The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Shares Bought by Marshwinds Advisory Co. Capstone Asset Management Co. Acquires 1,270 Shares of Atwood Oceanics, Inc. (ATW) Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. (PBH) Shares Bought by Capstone Asset Management Co. Orion Group Holdings Inc (ORN) Shares Sold by Capstone Asset Management Co. Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Industrial Alliance Insur. & Fin. Ser. (IAG) Lowered by Analyst Mazor Robotics Ltd – (MZOR) Rating Lowered to Market Perform at Wells Fargo & Co Synovus Financial Corp. (SNV) Lifted to “Buy” at Bank of America Corp ConocoPhillips (COP) Cut to Neutral at Bank of America Corp S&W Seed Company (SANW) Stock Rating Lowered by Piper Jaffray Companies Berenberg Bank Lowers National Grid plc (NGG) to Hold Jefferies Group LLC Raises Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Price Target to $88.00 May 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) had its target price upped by Jefferies Group LLC from $86.00 to $88.00 in a report released on Friday morning. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the retailer’s stock. Several other research firms have also recently commented on WMT. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a hold rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Wells Fargo & Co initiated coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. They issued a market perform rating and a $71.00 price target for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $68.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a sell rating in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Zacks Investment Research raised Wal-Mart Stores from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reissued an underperform rating and set a $63.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, April 7th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have assigned a hold rating and fourteen have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $76.73. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) opened at 75.11 on Friday. Wal-Mart Stores has a 1-year low of $62.72 and a 1-year high of $77.05. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $74.20 and its 200-day moving average price is $70.73. The stock has a market cap of $227.81 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.15 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.01. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The firm had revenue of $129.75 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $130.22 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $1.49 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up .8% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Wal-Mart Stores will post $4.33 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Jefferies Group LLC Raises Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Price Target to $88.00” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/17/jefferies-group-llc-raises-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-price-target-to-88-00.html. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 8th will be paid a $0.51 dividend. This represents a $2.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.72%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, December 6th. Wal-Mart Stores’s dividend payout ratio is presently 43.48%. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,667,343 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.99, for a total value of $264,012,022.57. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 10,507,127 shares in the company, valued at $756,408,072.73. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 4,542,361 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.54, for a total value of $320,418,144.94. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 6,748,580 shares in the company, valued at $476,044,833.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 15,585,041 shares of company stock worth $1,110,035,611. 51.55% of the stock is owned by insiders. Hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 3.1% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 105,233,311 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $7,585,217,000 after buying an additional 3,196,912 shares during the period. BlackRock Inc. boosted its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 1,866.4% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 91,133,379 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $6,568,893,000 after buying an additional 86,498,829 shares during the period. State Street Corp boosted its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 1.2% in the first quarter. State Street Corp now owns 73,568,236 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $5,303,013,000 after buying an additional 854,010 shares during the period. Dodge & Cox purchased a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth approximately $1,503,922,000. Finally, Geode Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 8.0% in the first quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 15,369,668 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $1,106,330,000 after buying an additional 1,137,828 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 29.69% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost A Critical Choice: Nursing home care Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Know the RX: Opioid addiction resources Remaking The Q Stolen in the Suburbs Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Bill Livingston Dennis Manoloff Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Ohio woman claims she found her newborn child in Walmart shopping cart Walmart will discount 1 million items online for in-store pickup A 20-year-old woman who had given birth called police and tried to claim she had found her newborn child in a shopping cart at a Walmart in Englewood, Ohio. (Jae C. Hong, Associated Press file photo) Print Email Cliff Pinckard, cleveland.com By Cliff Pinckard, cleveland.com The Plain Dealer Email the author | Follow on Twitter on May 17, 2017 at 3:21 AM comments ENGLEWOOD, Ohio -- A woman who had just given birth called 911 and claimed she had found the baby in a shopping cart at a Walmart, reports say. Police later learned the woman, 20, of Trotwood, Ohio, had given birth to the child the day before and didn't want to keep the baby, according to the Dayton Daily News. The incident occurred Tuesday afternoon, fox45now.com reports. When police arrived at the Walmart parking lot, they found two women, the mother and a friend, in a car with the newborn male. The women initially said they had found the baby, but the mother later admitted the story was false. The baby was taken to Dayton Children's Hospital and is in good health, reports say. The Daily News reports the mother says she doesn't want the baby, which is now in the custody of children's services. Ohio has a Safe Haven Law, so the mother will not face charges, reports say. According to the Daily News, the law allows a parent to leave a child up to 30 days old with a medical worker or a police officer without facing charges. Metro Columnists Michael McIntyre's Tipoff Mark Naymik Phillip Morris The Weekday Front Page The Plain Dealer's front page for May 17, 2017 Updates posted Monday - Friday 'Rolling Stone / 50 Years' The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame recently opened a sprawling new exhibit celebrating the 50th anniversary of Rolling Sone magazine. EXPLORE 'Rolling Stone / 50 Years': A visual sojourn through pop culture history Jann Wenner talks 50 years of Rolling Stone Take a video tour of new Rolling Stone exhibit Photos of the exhibit Rock Hall exhibit lays out Rolling Stone's remarkable impact • More dining guides & reviews » Most Read Active Discussions News updates in your inbox Get the latest news delivered to your inbox plus breaking news when it happens Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2809 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Pistol 4:41 PM 05/17/2017 Everything You Need To Know For Handgun Shooting 11:37 AM 05/16/2017 U.S. XM17 MHS – It’s The Hollow Points, Stupid 1:49 PM 05/12/2017 101st Airborne Division To Get New M17 Handgun ASAP Despite Legal Challenges 1:29 PM 05/12/2017 CCW Weekend: The Rewards And Challenges Of Carrying A 1911 7:57 AM 05/06/2017 Gun Test: EAA Witness Elite 1911 Polymer Pistol 6:02 PM 05/05/2017 Gun Test: Uberti 1872 Open Top Revolver 6:41 PM 05/04/2017 84 Year Old Indian Woman Is An Incredible Sharpshooter 2:59 PM 05/03/2017 New Revolvers For 2017 1:46 PM 05/03/2017 New 1911 Pistols For 2017 6:01 PM 04/28/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2809 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Pistol 4:41 PM 05/17/2017 Everything You Need To Know For Handgun Shooting 11:37 AM 05/16/2017 U.S. XM17 MHS – It’s The Hollow Points, Stupid 1:49 PM 05/12/2017 101st Airborne Division To Get New M17 Handgun ASAP Despite Legal Challenges 1:29 PM 05/12/2017 CCW Weekend: The Rewards And Challenges Of Carrying A 1911 7:57 AM 05/06/2017 Gun Test: EAA Witness Elite 1911 Polymer Pistol 6:02 PM 05/05/2017 Gun Test: Uberti 1872 Open Top Revolver 6:41 PM 05/04/2017 84 Year Old Indian Woman Is An Incredible Sharpshooter 2:59 PM 05/03/2017 New Revolvers For 2017 1:46 PM 05/03/2017 New 1911 Pistols For 2017 6:01 PM 04/28/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Home Weather 79° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close St. Edward's campus temporarily shut down due to nearby manhunt KVUE 8:08 PM. CDT May 16, 2017 Austin police searching for armed intruders believed to be at St. Edward's main campus. CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST ARMED INTRUDER ON ST. EDWARD'S CAMPUS - Editor's Note: St. Edward's Campus Safety initially reported that armed intruders were on the main campus. Austin police later said there is no evidence that anyone was on campus. St. Edward's University campus was temporarily shut down Tuesday evening while police searched for suspects involved in an incident near a Walmart close to campus. Austin police said that the incident happened near the Walmart when two individuals met up to discuss a transaction and had a disagreement. Further details are not yet available, but APD said that there is no evidence that any shots were fired. APD looking for two suspects regarding incident that occurred near Walmart. Police searching the area near the garage. Stay indoors!— SEU Campus Safety (@SEUSafety) May 16, 2017 Around 7 p.m. APD said they were no longer searching for the suspects but believe that one of them may be known to officers. They are continuing the investigation with possible evidence recovered from the scene. APD said there is no threat to the public. © 2017 KVUE-TV CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Speeding wrecker drivers narrowly miss cars HPD says officers shot man armed with assault rifle outside club Texas Rep. Al Green calls for Trump impeachment Man sues woman for bad date FBCSO: Deputy fired after showing up drunk for training session Self-marriage, known as 'sologamy' gains popularity Worker dies after accident at auto shop Baby found alone in apartment parking lot 2-year-old girl drowns in SW Houston pool 12 children hurt in flash fire at preschool More Stories Exclusive: Houston woman's phone stolen in NYC, held… May 17, 2017, 10:07 p.m. Memorial service honors Josue Flores, boy killed one… May 17, 2017, 11:03 p.m. Jury finds Tulsa cop not guilty in fatal shooting of… May 17, 2017, 10:52 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Marriott Marquis Houston Cam Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Tell Tiffany Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Houston Rodeo Animals Food CBS TV Shows More... City Pros Tech-Gaming More Features Life in Balance Obituaries Buffalo Bayou Park Great Day Houston Day For Night Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker Oscars Movie Minute Grammys Grammys Playlist Pet of the Week About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts FCC Public Inspection File © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS Cars.com Houston Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
facebook twitter instagram youtube ios android rss Network Stations Live on Change 93.7 FM Boston 105.5 FM Springfield 1440 AM Worcester 103.7 FM Providence Shows Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley with Keefe Mut at Night WEEI Late Night Mustard & Johnson Network Stations Program Schedule ESPN on WEEI Kirk & Callahan   K&C - Gisele breaks news about Tom Brady's concussion history 5-17-17 Ordway, Merloni & Fauria OMF - Chris Mannix says Celtics have clear plan to draft Markelle Fultz and sign Gordon Hayward, 5-17-17 Dale & Holley   ESPN's Jeff Goodman breaks down what the C's will do with the number one pick Weekend Shows   Rob Bradford presents...The three Boston Media Awards of the Week and the winner of the Giardi Cup (sponsored by Gould's) -- 5-14-17 Enough About Me   Ep. 58: Mike Finkel, Author of True Story and The Stanger in the Woods Get in touch with WEEI 93.7 FM Phone: 617-779-7937    Text: 37937    Red Sox Rob Bradford John Tomase Full Count blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Red Sox Radio Network Tickets Featured Story Orioles leave town, but thankfully their rivalry with Red Sox is here to stay by John Tomase Latest Blog Posts Red Sox 5, Cardinals 4: Bullpen comes up big in gritty... Pablo Sandoval, David Price both will begin rehab... Latest Columns Demanding 'proof' of Adam Jones slur proves Boston still has... Why there was nothing wrong with Chris Sale's timing Tuesday nigh... Final 13 StL 4 Bos 5 Latest Audio Bradfo Sho, Ep. 31: The definitive Rafael Devers podcast Bradfo Sho, Ep. 30: Michael Holley talks David Ortiz book Patriots Ryan Hannable It Is What It Is blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Tickets John Tomase Featured Story How the Patriots drafting Jimmy Garoppolo was the best thing for Tom Brady by Ryan Hannable Latest Blog Posts Tom Brady wishes Celtics and Cavs? luck before Eastern... NFL responds to Gisele Bundchen’s claim of Tom Brady... Latest Columns Sorry Robert Kraft, Brandin Cooks won’t be Patriots’ most impactful re... 5 questions Patriots have after putting together initial 90-man roster Latest Audio MMQB's Peter King with Dale, Holley and Keefe MMQB's Peter King with Dale, Holley and Keefe Celtics Green Street blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Roster Tickets John Tomase Featured Story Celtics unable to take advantage of what was probably their only chance vs.... by Ty Anderson Latest Blog Posts LeBron James, Kevin Love throttle the Celtics in Game 1;... Paul Pierce says Celtics should trade No. 1 overall pick Latest Columns Celtics own 1st pick in draft and let's not overthink it -- they... The 4 reasons Celtics can't lose lottery are named Fultz, Ball, J... Final Bos 104 Cle 117 Latest Audio LaVar Ball with Dale, Holley and Keefe LaVar Ball with Dale, Holley and Keefe Bruins Ty Anderson Big Bad Blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Tickets Scott McLaughlin John Tomase Featured Story Ottawa's success doesn't validate, but rather highlights missed... by Ty Anderson Latest Blog Posts P-Bruins punch ticket to AHL Eastern Conference Finals Former Bruins general manager Peter Chiarelli named finalist... Latest Columns Bruce Cassidy's success forced Bruins to make him full-time coach Bruins overcame a lot, but not the loss of three key defensemen Final OT Bos 2 Ott 3 Latest Audio Bruce Cassidy with Dale, Holley and Keefe Bruce Cassidy with Dale, Holley and Keefe National The Mashup blog College Blog NFL NFL Draft MLB NBA NHL Auto Racing NCAA Basketball MLS - Revolution Golf Tennis MLB Miguel Cabrera Out 2-3 Days with Oblique Injury Freddie Freeman Exits vs. Blue Jays with Wrist Injury NFL Michael Floyd's House Arrest Reportedly Transferred from... Eli Manning, Giants Reportedly Could Reach Settlement in... NBA LeBron James Is as Unstoppable as Ever, and the Boston... 2017 NBA Playoffs: Updated Postseason MVP Rankings NHL Senators Ride Hot 1st Period to Dominant Win vs. Penguins... NHL Playoff Schedule 2017: Viewing Info, Predictions for... More National Sports Audio Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley Mut at Night WEEI Late Night Weekend Shows Enough About Me Podcast The Real K&C Podcast Ever-Green Podcast #DORK Podcast Bradfo Sho Two Outs Podcast Latest Audio  ESPN's Jeff Goodman breaks down what the C's will do with... ESPN's Jeff Goodman breaks down what the C's will do with... Tom Brady's wife says he's had multiple concussions in his... Tom Brady's wife says he's had multiple concussions in his... Sox Manager John Farrell with Dale, Holley and Keefe Popular Audio  K&C - Kirk discusses the passing of Gerry's Mom 5-16-17 Lavar Ball apparently has no problem alienating half his... Latest Podcast  The Real K&C – Good analogies, handfuls & thumb wags... #DORK 14: Christopher Guest Movies Video All Video Original Video Patriots Red Sox Celtics Bruins Jimmy Fund WEEI on YouTube ESPN Boston Video Latest Videos Isaiah Thomas says "anything can happen" in Eastern finals vs. LeBron James, Cavs Mike Petraglia, Josue Pavon on how Celtics outlasted Wizards in Game 7, face LeBron James next » VIEW MORE Latest From ESPN Boston Featuring the latest Red Sox, Celtics, Patriots, and Bruins videos » WATCH NOW Connect WEEI Live app WEEI Email Newsletters Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram Mobile WEEI.com RSS Center Podcast Center Download the WEEI Live App Subscribe to WEEI's daily newsletter <p>Your browser does not support iframes.</p> Twitter For an official list of WEEI radio hosts and writers on twitter, click here. Follow the station @WEEI Facebook Like WEEI, and the shows, on facebook by clicking here. Station Contests Station Events Community Events Larry Johnson Cartoons Jimmy Fund Radiothon Get My Perks Daily Deal My Email Offers Press Room Contact Us $50 Gift Card for only $25 Station Events Arbella K-Cards Wed, 05/24/2017 5:00PM-6:00PM Audi Norwell Sat, 05/27/2017 12pm-2pm » More Events Contests Win Celtics Playoff Tickets! Listen Thursday 5/18 at 5:30pm for the text codeword to enter to win Game 2 playoff tickets! Message and data rates may apply. Buy... Museum of Science's POPnology Enter to win 4 passes to Popnology! Experience a fusion of science fiction and science fact in POPnology, the Museum's newest temporary exhibition celebrating and exploring the... » More Contests Boston Red Sox NFL New England Patrio.. Boston Celtics NBA Tom Brady Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter   WEEI>On Demand>>ESPN's Jeff Goodman breaks down what the C's will do with the number one pick Tweet Subscribe Download Share ESPN's Jeff Goodman breaks down what the C's will do with the number one pick May 18, 2017| Dale, Holley and Keefe speak with ESPN's Jeff Goodman the day after the NBA draft lottery. You Might Like Transcript - Not for consumer use. Robot overlords only. Will not be accurate. Well needless to say our rock our information level is is a little lacking. On some of the top prospects available because now everybody's available to Danny Ainge. He go after anybody he wants and and what we really wanted was somebody we could talk to who's got some knowledge in this area and who better than Jeff Goodman from ESPN you can follow him on Twitter as I do act Goodman. ESPN he is ESPN basketball insider covers hoops at all levels is he says and he joins us right now hey Jeff I don't. You know I'm not sure I've any real knowledge. But I appreciate it. Trust me it's more than I thought OK no more than the three of us combined so you should be all right. Air quality iron volley. Or 2 out of this morning not all of you got your. I. They're tough area tough real tough act would have probably hasn't. Thank Gary Kerry every day real story and a I don't worry about it. But it is guided nobody's talking about. If you're out here and Ollie did it start off each compliment he searched at the utter hair so no matter. And yeah outer for the entire segment. There aren't I flirt so as good as she had me. As we sit here today on May seventeenth 2017. If you had to submit a name for the first overall pick in the draft who would debate. Voting to close our that it will be ordered these are the Marshall also reaped from. A year ago in L announced its employees. Q personal assault close probably three Summers ago. At a debate in Charlotte and under armour bad edit it just blew me away chose. He's got the whole game I mean you know when you try to describe him the people it's not easy because. There's not really easy comparison in the NBA right now he can play to warn you to play off the ball well the two. He keeps scored all reliable secure from the he's got a great seat in the security to the week he plays the game because you don't it's now like he's a war. But he can be a war in herded odd according to another year would eat eats. Uses angles well computers around the basket too strong. Now I know what everybody wants to know him this question can always be remembered bought them and now it does your research in normal why do we when you still watch. Right and that's what you got to go out. Sure that's right a great anticipates an exemplar. So I don't have a great answer for that other than the fact that the Washington she was not good there work discipline sitting guard anybody. Now in humans are part of the year you play every case should you won organize games absolute. Absolutely and expected to be a little bit of warmth it scares me. It's illicit Washington. It in the B Arizona you still there or it. Accretion could be that they have hurts the towels. The Utah and Colorado as the Arizona State indeed indeed a lot of these so that doesn't scare me a little bit. But I'm not a word about this Arctic she's got a chance. He hit it would be a pop. What a player in this week and wirelessly at some point. Again because they're disarm any deficiencies in his game. You said something interesting they said he is is that the best and it's not even close so. I'd tell me just compare him to Alonso ball compare him. Josh Jackson because those are two big names that you think. You know maybe the Celtics arbor you don't go for that guy at number one. I'd love humble outlook top four players in the strap and I don't think it's huge disparity between. I think or else all that ended it last time I knew his answer and it doesn't matter. Who you are equal lol well played better off. And it said oh and of course you got it got it to be superstar. Where the Yankees player we are there without its. You may not have about eight years ago without a contract dirge you didn't go. If you will pay him what he had a year if you trade I mean who know you don't know soul. I think the differences on snowball. Is a great player great talent is not agree swore okay what he does is seeking drove from 25 birdied the uncontested. Week ERG it's not pretty or he gets all the way about it there's not much else in the it's been scoring. He's he's the most gifted passer. In terms of old court vision. And how he delivers the ball like we're overlook these games are all court as you saw that not only did he see it. Well weird he delivers it to players is amazing and he used it makes people better QB Florida Keys your argument or acres. And I Mickey makes everybody better immediately. He's not he's not going to be as good defensively is nuts and bolts well. And again he can't score here. Listen what what do excuse me more than anything another guy and still they need another god can do something I'll put out besides such an. It's so the reason why I think it puts up all these numbers is because nobody else you can do we really are the battles. You can really take a lot restaurant in with a guy like ol' smokey yeah. Jeff over the last ten years or so we see a lot of one and dons in some homes are like Kevin Durant are Carmelo Anthony and immediately averaged twenty points a game you can already see what kind of star player there they're gonna develop into. Others we saw 11 and Jalen brown third overall pick. The only place less than twenty minutes on a good team averages about six points a game where does mark health faults fall under that range. Well it he goes to a different team. He could averaged eighteen Portuguese masters permit Sacramento. And averaged eighteen for you wouldn't want to Bob gates it becomes the Boston he's not alone anybody from so awesome right out in Turkey or. They're not really given it. They're not get out get the opportunity to do so without it's just not in a neighbor probably. And some of the other guys and that entered in a way that they're not going to be respected absorb much of their shoulders. You know I I've talked to some recourse Marshal forces a few minutes. And not act that would you know what you're they've done to keep knocking him. And it sounds like he's he's pretty excited about the possibility of playing in Boston because he's thank you are a year from now. I could be guarding carrier ring in the game that really matters. Instead of what he did this past year which is playing in virtual irrelevance. You know this year was in college watching this year you know could have been. Sacramento or not like that it is the Celtics sir you know lakers you'd eat in avatar pitch here. So I think. It's it's going to be interesting to see. What type a role he it does get this year we did what they already out in the old. If you're not connected Isaiah you can rest them a little that you're not gonna sit Ebert probably taught. You're gonna have to move somebody in and out backcourt you keep everybody so those markets market moved as servers or get rubles. We're talking to Jeff Goodman ESPN basketball insider. What do you think the chances are that Danny Ainge deals this first overall pick. It's banned were no rice no knows. What I'll tell you what if there's anybody. It does mean yet but you don't watch it about making a trade and not worrying about what the re actually it is it's the it doesn't era music is keeping seek to put this this organization in a position to paying banner number eighteen. He will do regardless if that means Isaiah Thomas even pages. You know don't you talk of bottles. That doesn't matter to him about it that's the forward. Ballots right now try to figure it out right you've gotten this or you're ahead of schedule in your quarter Gretzky Entergy. You've got really good players are riveted our trucks. And that's it in their stopped a lot of these guys who are now. No you keep this team impacts for the most part and data Angela Merkel colts in week so next year. You can be in the same spot as you exactly you can be in the same exact spot where your immediately got Arnold. Your doctor between what. It might have been number one pick again next year and I love a orgasm department wanted to stop Michael ordered room. I'd love well I meant look in the boss is sort of 68. Smoot. Or word kind of alluded in orbit AD. Mold. Or you not lowered well with you go to different direction as you or. In the year Isaiah any regret it if you're pretty hard to imagine all those guys there's a campaign. I mean that is what we're doing a lot Max and neighbors who wore forty plus. Figures itself. Jeff I loved young players and I got my attention with this Michael Porter character count. We're when your time at it where where's he going to school. So you can get a lot with Tracy right is that a lot. Because. It is augur. Is warriors. Like for like 45 years we will rent or Wal-Mart what a closer watch Wal-Mart got fired. Order his entire family was from Columbia Missouri. And they all sisters and each is in the family liked. Two girls Marty played misery basketball. Two boys are all cute and play sponsors deduct your. So they're act because the new coaches at Missouri council Marten. Heart attack after romo's are watching. Certain items are this year. Old school like Larry Brown. Signing day and a Ed Manning at the coach to bring Danny in there. And after a quick question you said you loved the top four players in this trap where does love. Go to light is it isn't forage at 60 where you say how am not crazy about these guys. No work of art and art is good outlook we are all artists though they won't stop before guys. And accurate audience I think he he made a bit what the Celtics need. More than anybody else you know like it took me I wouldn't have been upset wherever you're drafting if you're an adult now the differences. You're gaining about Europe control during control not only do you pick to god that you interviewed superstar. Of the war but also now. Real treat operas in your community because he ordered deadline. It was pretty typical for him because a lot of teenagers themselves you know the bolts. Well are you liked. The pick but we don't what are they don't remember for him to get a coupon before we supply. All sorts. Same thing with Indiana Andrew Burton and our Kevin Pritchard now Kevin Pritchard goes OK if I trade Paul George. I'd love mark helpful. I can build around that do actually sell this as the future. Now it's a lot each year to throw it trade on the table that gave the job at the end of the. Now the last three point guards drafted number one overall carrier ring John Wall and Derrick Rose let's say hypothetically they all go to the draft at the same time win mark health faults. Does false get selected higher than any of those guys. Now before you or that's in this draft the beauty of it strapped with you and the disparity between one or was minimal. Also really good but not if you went ahead of those or are they to your ranking in coming out of college probably close at all. Carrier even even though it would play seven games. And wall as to what were you taught it at all clearly or a part of the problem is. It's as you look around here that nobody knows anything about or helpful because you play for a team didn't win. Out on the West Coast and nobody watched them. Was about to be that mark was hurt didn't play and tackle part of it didn't play against public term. So nobody really knows anything about executed. And that's our topic here to tell what the local people there and there's it is for real and he's really really good. So to me again you expect him be at all star right away nobody doesn't have to be Eddie's probably not going to be given the opportunity would be. Because you ease you walk into a situation. Where there's not as much pressure. But he can coexist without Isaiah. Because size they rarely ate through dark. You know in a one in a long guard spot. What works well. Final question before we let you go if you were a general manager in the NBA. Would love our ball scare you off from lawns of. Help though but I did the first unit of war in the middle. And in the did the mark. This candidate do you Rebecca. I get that cattle. Like to me it's gonna be appropriate situation I thought the magic about a last week it's our. If the lakers yet on. Who better search product fumbled Lamar doubted it teach him a lesson that. Just settled down you're in LA now this is where you wanna be don't screwed up what what market but also a lot this year. Is Mittal on. Is go to UCLA is middle but it mega hit it is gonna Albert told it's 1 o'clock which in the rest of the lucky slate and minutes. There. Are little. What. We're gonna hear plenty of that you bloggers here would be just fly and magical figure out is anybody ditching control or. Not. I was a one escort like 8090 points of the game is that the is that the youngest one. That is melody the other ones yellow yellow metal on any sort of 65 he looked like. You Mitch Richmond body. But he but he industry. How can I saw but the young what is is young when he might be the best of all is that directorate or the bad. Why does give it about the all the young want to really huge it. Young looking guard anybody yet like let it be done one time he viewed it is it's not a form to why does got you can't teach. Which is court agent and the ability a thousand people. I you know Japanese until Carrie champion days. But I ask you sit owners Boehner jabbed union Taliban cannot go flawlessly a little magic I see a little. I'll blame our loved one or the other YouTube. I like it I you know like I'm I'm all for that you know I think. He's got mortgages secured body right. Although it a little leery. Unaudited really do a really job I love his game and now at the. You'll love. Him what what I don't want people to do. Is walking him what is sad is the kid is there's lots music yet odd member out it was only get out of this. I ask a question it yet know what our report a lot to keep talking to David or. And I said hey your dad's you know these outlandish statement that they yet he can beat Jordan and what I want. And he looked amenities like atlas that that's what that among them are. Sort of like never disrespectful. To anybody stick and buys that. But it not making a mockery of it just finds a way to do handle himself the right weight to rock all its. Jeff we really appreciate the information in the time thank you very much. No problem doubt enjoyed they case they would end up fifty. Okay. Hum. OK. Before you go before Yahoo! aren't as in not. Ethical. It airs at this week. Yeah I'm in the and I opened up they can get a result of the when the series. About how can I ask about it as an out. Jeff you he did we used to have some great we asked them legendary NBA debates and you remember we talked about Rondo all the time. Oh yeah right. If not to say thought yeah. I'll Wear out its ace pitcher here. If this if there is this week and we need to catch up anyway off the care if it's this week. Art art party ticket these guys to launch dale in daily key because I'm about to win some money from Vegas. But I'll take your lunch if that is a sweep and we catch. And then let them if if the Celtics win the series. You're you're sick anybody can name whatever that is I will do. Yeah. Okay and then I won't do that we got some very creative listeners and all that you might have just got yourself some big trouble. It audited note nudity involved OK see you naked down our our little bit taste on my life. Yes we appreciate it now as you have. They're just. That is that Jeff Goodman ESPN basketball insider loves mark helpful mr. dobbs. I like salt floor but he says yes is clearly. The best of the full and it is it was good listening to him because I've felt you know before when they went to the break yesterday when you know going to the Braves got three got a top three pick. I think I'm happy. And I had to race day because I had three guys that I really liked but he's got bored importantly he thinks Tatum that was a better fit. Tatum might be the best fit for what they're trying to do so wondered gaining acceptance of our number one pick. No maybe I can you know dropped on the forehead and another draft pick on the road in another first round pick them not or another round of the rebounder and now. Time to rebounded from somebody. I can get an an an established like 45 here young vet. To help me out. I go from one before they pick up Tatum. I'm just thankful the say don't don't always think it fantastic things the fire and good incidents. Since the week yeah. Did they win the seat any effect. Whenever I don't want to hurt you we'll. Every through that this disrespectful but it makes mile. 6177797937. We'll get right back to calls in just a couple of minutes and we got a special keeper madness coming up and midweek keeper Matt. 545 thereabouts Sports Radio W media. News & Analysis Recommended Columns Blogs Teams + Ty Anderson05/17/17 11:11 pm EST Celtics unable to take advantage [..] - Ty Anderson05/17/17 11:11 pm EST Celtics unable to take advantage of what was probably their only chance vs. [..] For the first time in the 2017 NBA Playoffs, the Cavaliers seemed ripe for the [..] + John Tomase05/17/17 01:19 am EST Celtics own 1st pick in draft and [..] - John Tomase05/17/17 01:19 am EST Celtics own 1st pick in draft and let's not overthink it -- they should keep [..] Because we live in an age of instant everything -- information, opinion, gratification [..] + John Tomase05/16/17 12:16 pm EST The 4 reasons Celtics can't lose [..] - John Tomase05/16/17 12:16 pm EST The 4 reasons Celtics can't lose lottery are named Fultz, Ball, Jackson, and [..] The ping pong balls have never liked the Celtics, but this time the deck is stacked in [..] + John Tomase05/16/17 01:48 am EST Lottery, Eastern Conference [..] - John Tomase05/16/17 01:48 am EST Lottery, Eastern Conference Finals, ... and Kelly Olynyk?! What a week for the [..] The Celtics have never had a week like this. On Monday, franchise forward Kelly Olynyk [..] + Ryan Hannable05/15/17 11:12 pm EST How the Patriots drafting Jimmy [..] - Ryan Hannable05/15/17 11:12 pm EST How the Patriots drafting Jimmy Garoppolo was the best thing for Tom Brady Following the 2013 season, the Patriots had just lost to the Broncos in the AFC [..] + John Tomase05/14/17 11:55 pm EST Debate's over -- Isaiah Thomas is [..] - John Tomase05/14/17 11:55 pm EST Debate's over -- Isaiah Thomas is a max player and Celtics cornerstone, win or [..] The Celtics don't need to worry about Isaiah Thomas's contract until next summer. In the [..] + Full Count05/18/17 12:44 am EST Red Sox 5, Cardinals 4: Bullpen [..] - Full Count05/18/17 12:44 am EST Red Sox 5, Cardinals 4: Bullpen comes up big in gritty comeback win Despite injuries to two of their better relievers in Carson Smith and Tyler [..] + Big Bad Blog05/18/17 12:27 am EST P-Bruins punch ticket to AHL [..] - Big Bad Blog05/18/17 12:27 am EST P-Bruins punch ticket to AHL Eastern Conference Finals By way of their 4-2 victory over the Hershey Bears in Game 7 on Wednesday, the [..] + Green Street05/17/17 11:01 pm EST LeBron James, Kevin Love throttle [..] - Green Street05/17/17 11:01 pm EST LeBron James, Kevin Love throttle the Celtics in Game 1; Tristan Thompson provides muscle LeBron James and the Cavaliers were not about add to the Celtics' fairytale [..] + Green Street05/17/17 09:41 pm EST Paul Pierce says Celtics should [..] - Green Street05/17/17 09:41 pm EST Paul Pierce says Celtics should trade No. 1 overall pick One night after taking credit for the Celtics landing the No. 1 overall pick in [..] + Full Count05/17/17 08:14 pm EST Pablo Sandoval, David Price both [..] - Full Count05/17/17 08:14 pm EST Pablo Sandoval, David Price both will begin rehab assignments with Triple-A Pawtucket Friday Two of the highest paid Red Sox players will be playing for Triple-A Pawtucket [..] + It Is What It Is05/17/17 07:52 pm EST Tom Brady wishes Celtics and Cavs? [..] - It Is What It Is05/17/17 07:52 pm EST Tom Brady wishes Celtics and Cavs? luck before Eastern Conference finals Tom Brady has been a fan of Isaiah Thomas and the Celtics of late, as the [..] + Red Sox05/05/17 12:12 am EST Orioles leave town, but thankfully [..] - Red Sox05/05/17 12:12 am EST Orioles leave town, but thankfully their rivalry with Red Sox is here to stay Caleb Joseph couldn't wait to get the hell out of Boston. Manny Machado thinks the [expletive [..] + Red Sox 05/04/17 12:08 pm EST Demanding 'proof' of Adam Jones [..] - Red Sox 05/04/17 12:08 pm EST Demanding 'proof' of Adam Jones slur proves Boston still has a long way to go Healthy skepticism has the word "healthy" in it for a reason. It's useful. When the [..] + Patriots05/15/17 11:12 pm EST How the Patriots drafting Jimmy [..] - Patriots05/15/17 11:12 pm EST How the Patriots drafting Jimmy Garoppolo was the best thing for Tom Brady Following the 2013 season, the Patriots had just lost to the Broncos in the AFC championship [..] + Patriots 05/09/17 10:41 pm EST Sorry Robert Kraft, Brandin Cooks [..] - Patriots 05/09/17 10:41 pm EST Sorry Robert Kraft, Brandin Cooks won’t be Patriots’ most impactful receiver since Randy Moss It’s clear the Patriots got a great receiver this offseason when they traded a [..] + Bruins05/10/17 08:00 pm EST Ottawa's success doesn't validate, [..] - Bruins05/10/17 08:00 pm EST Ottawa's success doesn't validate, but rather highlights missed opportunity of Bruins exit The Bruins patted themselves on the back following their first-round loss to the [..] + Celtics05/17/17 11:11 pm EST Celtics unable to take advantage [..] - Celtics05/17/17 11:11 pm EST Celtics unable to take advantage of what was probably their only chance vs. Cavaliers For the first time in the 2017 NBA Playoffs, the Cavaliers seemed ripe for the taking. The [..] Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter Network Stations Our station affiliates for original programming and game broadcasts: » WEEI Network Stations » Red Sox Radio Network WEEI Features Check out great daily deals with potential savings of more than 50%! » My Email Offers » WEEI Events » Community Events WEEI Mobile Access WEEI.com on your mobile device anytime, anywhere. Get the details. » WEEI Live App » Mobile Alerts from WEEI » Podcast WEEI Daily Mashup Sign up to receive WEEI's Daily Mashup Newsletter to have Boston sports news, audio on demand, LJ Cartoons and the Perks Daily Deal delivered to your inbox. Contests If Boston hits a Grand Slam Home Run on the 99th pitch thrown to a Boston batter, you could win big! Sign up today for Cumberland Farm's 99k Grand Slam Giveaway! Advertise With Us We will uncover your marketing needs, establish a reasonable budget and deliver results. Click here to advertise with us » Preferred Sponsors Facebook & Twitter Are you on facebook? Click here to view the WEEI facebook page and become a fan! You can also follow us on Twitter by visiting our page & subscribing to our RSS feed. WEEI Newsletters WEEI offers a variety of email newsletter subscriptions for Clubhouse Insiders. Check out our list of newsletters offerings here. Clubhouse Insider Join our exclusive listener club for access to the WEEI Stream, your chance to win great prizes, and to receive WEEI Newsletters. - Already a member? Log-in Whine of the Week Click here to listen to the past winners of the Whine of the Week and vote every Thursday night starting at 7pm for a chance to win prizes! WEEI Podcast Center Visit our Podcenter to subscribe to your favorite WEEI shows, Boston teams, and even the Whiner Line!. WEEI.com Partners WEEI will uncover your business’ marketing need, establish a reasonable budget with you to invest that will deliver results. » Preferred Sponsors LEEINKS Blog This blog is one-stop link shopping from Rob Bradford & Company. It is the hottest videos, stories, and rumors from around the web. Check it out.   Privacy Policy | EEO Public Files:Boston - Providence - Springfield - Worcester | Jobs | Contact us | Contest Rules | Community Events | Advertise with us | Press Room | Entercom | Stations | Site Map | Copyright Notice | Image Use | Terms of Use | Public Inspection File | Public Inspection File - Help   Copyright © 2017 Entercom Boston, LLC All Rights Reserved.  
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate National Politics British Columbia Alberta Toronto World Video Home» News» National RESEARCH Supermarket sweep Originally developed around the 1950s housewife, the traditional grocery store has gone largely unaltered even as customer demographics and tastes change. Ann Hui reports on a research project in Ontario that is studying whether this model can be adapted to serve such a diverse marketplace – or if it needs a dramatic revamp Wearing $30,000 (U.S.) eye-tracking glasses, University of Guelph research assistant Jennifer Leslie is continuously monitored as she winds her way through the school’s 1,200-square-foot mock grocery store. PHOTOS BY Fred Lum/The Globe and Mail Ann Hui NATIONAL FOOD REPORTER The Globe and Mail Last updated: Wednesday, May 17, 2017 9:31PM EDT Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Comments While their classmates and colleagues prepared for classes and attended lectures earlier this month, Jennifer Leslie and Andrew Baynham instead spent the first few couple days of May making trip after trip to the local supermarket. Over the course of two days, they racked up a nearly $11,000 bill, filling up dozens of grocery carts with bags of Ruffles, boxes of cereal and tins of coffee. Each time the Volkswagen SUV they’d borrowed was crammed full, they’d drive back to the University of Guelph campus to deposit the bags in a second-floor research lab. Inside that lab, they were building their own supermarket. Ms. Leslie and Mr. Baynham are both research assistants in a project run by Guelph agricultural economics professor Michael von Massow. Under his direction, the group has quietly, over the course of the past few weeks, built a 1,200-square-foot “research” grocery store inside of the school. The focus of that research is simple: Can they rebuild the supermarket? Like a real supermarket, theirs has a cereal aisle, a potato chip aisle and a canned food aisle – shelves piled high with jars of tomato sauce and soup. There are refrigerators full of egg cartons in the back. But nothing here is for sale. In the next few months, the lab will welcome its first “customers.” As they move through the lab taking part in different shopping experiments, the researchers will watch from surveillance cameras set up in every aisle. Prof. von Massow and his team will take careful notes on how customers negotiate the space, what they stop to look at and how they make decisions on what to place inside their grocery carts. With the customers wearing a $30,000 (U.S.) eye-tracking device, the research team will be able to capture in precise detail what each shopper spends time looking at – whether it’s the ingredient list on a box of cookies, the amount of sodium on a package of crackers or the price difference between two brands of yogurt. Whether it’s ingredients or price differences between products, everything graduate student Andrew Baynham glances at is recorded and analyzed. As an academic, Prof. von Massow’s interest isn’t simply in selling products. Rather, he (and Longo’s, the grocery chain helping fund the project) want to better understand what people are looking for in supermarkets – how they make choices and why. Every so often, the team will change the design of the lab. They’ll refashion it as a discount store with store-brand products and sale signs, or as a high-end, health-focused store. They’ll reconfigure the aisles or product placement to see how those changes affect consumer choice. They’ll also try out dramatically new ideas, such as bringing in farmers to sell their products directly. The hope is to figure out whether the traditional supermarket can be redesigned to better suit today’s consumers. “We have more choices now,” Prof. von Massow said. “So how do we keep people engaged with grocery stores?” Across the country, grocers are grappling with that same question. One after another, traditional food retailers have had to fend off new competition from the likes of Wal-Mart, Costco, ethnic grocers and even dollar stores. Sears, too, has announced its intent to enter the grocery game – not to mention new entrants to the food market, such as UberEats. Meanwhile, the threat of the as-yet-unknown plans of AmazonFresh, already in place in certain U.S. cities, hangs overhead. But what preoccupies Prof. von Massow most is a bigger, more fundamental question. Does the traditional, 30,000-square-foot grocery-store model – an idea first developed around the 1950s housewife – still make sense for our diverse marketplace? And can the model simply be adapted to changing demands, or is it in need of a dramatic overhaul? “Is this the death of the grocery store?” wrote Sylvain Charlebois, dean of the faculty of management at Dalhousie University, in an op-ed in The Globe and Mail a few years ago. He was frustrated at the time with what he saw as the industry’s sluggishness to keep pace with changes. These days, he’s a bit more measured. He’s still impatient for change, but cognizant of efforts that are being made. “What was holding the industry back is the industry itself,” he said. “There’s a bit of an awakening going on.” ‘The grocery store of 1975 is dead’ A young woman pushed her shopping cart down the frozen-food aisle of a Loblaws store in east end Toronto one recent Saturday. As she stood surveying the ice-cream selections, the nineties pop hit Stay (I Missed You) by Lisa Loeb began to play in the store. The woman perked up, a smile spreading across her face. She sang along and knew every lyric. The store’s playlist that afternoon was no coincidence. The song was a moderate hit when it was first released, but its cultural significance lies in its lasting popularity amongst a small, but very specific demographic – namely older millennial women, between the ages of roughly 30 and 35. Still, the song barely seemed to register with two other customers standing just one aisle over – a man with greying hair studying the price of maple syrup and a middle-aged woman eyeing a magazine rack. Therein lies the challenge for modern supermarkets. It used to be that these stores were the exclusive domain of just one group: the housewife. “Everything was oriented toward the classic middle-class family,” said Harvey Levenstein, a retired McMaster University history professor. Agricultural economics professer Michael von Massow, who heads the study, takes plenty of notes on how his assistants negotiate the lab. Over the years, supermarkets developed a sophisticated template to attract that target customer and maximize what she placed in her cart. Everything from music (the slower the tempo, the longer the time spent in-store), to lighting (the brighter, the more products handled), to layout (the more products she walked by, the better) was designed with her in mind. But things have changed. “The grocery store of 1975 is dead. It’s been dead a long time,” said Anthony Longo, whose family started the namesake grocery chain in 1956. “The consumer has changed.” Look around any supermarket today and you’re just as likely to see men, or retirees, or young people shopping for just themselves, or for families of all sizes. This week, Dalhousie University researchers, led by Dr. Charlebois, released a study filled with data on the idiosyncratic eating habits of Canadians. Amongst Dr. Charlebois’s findings: Single people in B.C. are especially likely to skip breakfast; men are more likely to eat dinner at a restaurant than women; and people in the Atlantic region are more likely than anywhere else in the country to eat lunch at their desks. Taken collectively, the study illustrates just how fragmented the market in Canada has become. Aside from age, gender and location, the study also showed differences in eating habits based on everything from level of education obtained and income, to household type. Grocers have responded in part by diversifying their offerings. Most major grocers now have their own discount lines. Some, too, have purchased or partnered with ethnic grocers to reflect the changing faces of Canadians. And while most grocers have taken a cautious approach to online sales, they’ve begun in recent years to expand their offerings, with Longo’s Grocery Gateway and Loblaws’ Click and Collect programs. To differentiate from their discount lines, the mainline, or “conventional” supermarkets, meanwhile, have moved toward a more upscale market, with sushi stations, oyster bars and gleaming gourmet cupcake displays. But the trickiest balance has been in juggling the many different initiatives aimed at the many different demographics. Some stores have experimented with making signs and font sizes bigger to appeal to baby boomers, for example. Others, such as Metro, emphasize health and wellness – a concern that is top of mind for this group – building a “natural dispensary” of health supplements inside one Toronto store. But this same supermarket is located in Toronto’s condo-filled Liberty Village, meaning such changes must be made without alienating the hordes of 20-somethings who also frequent the store. “We ask our merchandisers to do cartwheels sometimes,” Mr. Longo said. “It’s a balance.” To attract millennials – who value convenience above all else, according to numerous surveys – grocers have increased their “to-go” sections. And because millennials tend to spend shorter periods at stores (but visit more often), these sections are generally placed toward the front of the store so that shoppers can pop in and out quickly. In the past two decades, these ready-made meals and other “convenience” offerings have gone from practically non-existent to taking up about 20 per cent of the shelf space in his stores, Mr. Longo said. Others, such as Sobeys, have tried to attract the idealism of millennials by aligning themselves with social movements. By partnering with celebrity chefs such as Jamie Oliver and his “better food” movement, they’ve attempted to differentiate themselves as selling a better-quality product. These attempts have been met with varying levels of success, independent food analyst Kevin Grier says. Figures released this week show the market share that traditional grocers have been losing to Wal-Mart and Costco is finally slowing. Still, traditional grocers’ share of food sales has shrunk from about 90 per cent in 2004 to just less than 80 per cent last year. In the same time, the share of general merchandisers such as Wal-Mart and Costco has more than doubled. The strategy of many of these retailers is undermined by the fact that they all seem to be doing the same things, Mr. Grier said. “They’re all trying to talk about where the food comes from – the food, the story, all that,” he said. “It’s all in a desperate attempt to differentiate. But if they’re all trying to differentiate, how different is it?” The European model The answer, according to some, is Europe. “Europe has a great preponderance of smaller format stores,” said Stewart Samuel, program director at grocery expert IGD in Vancouver. He said chains such as Tesco, with 3,000-square-foot stores, are a good model for North American supermarkets to consider. Other European chains, such as the discount grocers Aldi and Lidl, have already begun spreading in the United States. Prof. von Massow, too, thinks Canada will eventually move toward the European model. But this will require customers to change their expectation of endless choices and endless supply. In Europe, an empty produce shelf is a sign of a good store, he said. “In the consumer’s mind is ‘They’re selling lots, and the stuff is fresh.’” In Canada, meanwhile, we still expect row upon row of shiny apples and oranges. “It has to be full, and if it’s not it must not be good.” To Prof. von Massow and others, it’s obvious that change is happening – it’s just a question of whether retailers are moving quickly enough. He’s also aware of the fact that, for real-life grocers, implementing change is not as simple as in his lab. The team will often change up the design of the lab, refashioning it as a discount store with store-brand products and sale signs, or as a high-end, health-focused store. Standing in the middle of the cereal aisle, he cocks his head to the side, imagining new ideas for the shelves. “What if we put the yogurt in the middle, between the sugary cereal and the healthy cereal?” In a real grocery store, this would require complicated logistics. But it’s this precise kind of experimentation that his lab is for. He has a long list of other ideas to test. The dairy industry has been trying to promote chocolate milk as a “rapid recovery” beverage, in the same category as sports or energy drinks. What would happen, he wondered, if he placed it next to the Gatorade? Or instead of simple tweaking, what if he did something dramatically different – such as displaying banners containing nutritional advice next to certain products, or information about environmental sustainability? Or what if some of the aisles – all of the aisles, even – were removed completely? “The footprint here is flexible,” he said. “The things we can try are really only limited by our imagination.” With a report from The Canadian Press Report Typo/Error Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu ALIGRAM Big data, Chinese surveillance, and Donald Trump could keep China’s biggest payments company from entering the US Written by Josh Horwitz Obsession China's Transition 5 hours ago The target. (Heinz-Peter Bader) Share Written by Josh Horwitz Obsession China's Transition 5 hours ago It’s a meeting of the old economy and the new economy. The closed internet and the open one. Aging US holdouts and young Chinese giants. All in a single deal, which looks set to face close scrutiny this year. For months, Ant Financial, the online financial services company spun out of Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba, has been attempting to buy MoneyGram International, the Dallas, Texas-based remittance provider. MoneyGram announced its “agreement” to the $880 million Ant Financial offer in January. But since then, a bidding war has emerged, and members of US Congress have called to investigate the deal. On May 16 MoneyGram’s shareholders voted to approve the deal, moving it one step further toward closing. Alibaba is due to announce its first-quarter earnings today (May 18). For Ant Financial, the deal would mark its first foray in the US, and one rife with potential too. Ant Financial has had little direct exposure to American consumers. But unlike MoneyGram, it has already successfully developed and promoted its mobile payment service—and a very popular one at that. By buying MoneyGram, Ant Financial can acquire a customer base in both the US and abroad to complement its existing one in China. That is, if the deal gets approved. The back story MoneyGram was formed from a merger between Travelers Express and MoneyGram Payment Systems. The entity was sold by its parent company, Viad, and had an initial public offering in 2004. Now the industry’s number-two player, it currently has 350,000 agent locations all over the world (including China), and a partnership with Walmart. Before being sold, it was affiliated with Western Union, now its major competitor and the number one player in the money remittance market. A significant portion of MoneyGram’s revenue comes from transfers made outside the United States. Despite steady revenue and profits, MoneyGram’s prospects are clouded by the countless internet companies that do the same thing. From Venmo to TransferWise to Azimo many startups now offer digital money transfers via smartphone, rather than brick-and-mortar kiosks. Ant Financial is the perfect example of a company poised to wipe out traditional money transfers altogether. Along with Tencent (its fast-growing rival), Ant Financial dominates China’s online payments industry, which generated 6 trillion yuan (about $870 million) in transactions in the last three months of 2016. That’s due to the success of Alipay. Originally a PayPal-esque service for Alibaba’s e-commerce sites, Alipay blew up across China and became popular for making cashless payments in stores, and transferring money to friends. The division spun out of Alibaba in 2011 and was renamed Ant Financial in 2014, though its main payment app retained the name Alipay. There’s more to Ant Financial than just cash transfers and payments. The company operates Yu’ebao, the world’s largest money-market fund (paywall). It also runs Sesame Credit—a fledgling credit-scoring service, where users earn points and perks for making certain purchases. It even has dipped its toes in social networking, copying certain elements of Tencent’s WeChat, China’s leading chat app. Ant has already been investing in overseas payment companies aggressively. The company has funneled money into online payment companies in India, the Philippines, Korea, Thailand, and Singapore. It also is reportedly raising $3 billion in debt for the sole purpose of making more acquisitions, all in advance of an IPO, which Alibaba may reveal more details about on Thursday (paywall). If it enters the US, Ant Financial will face a number of rivals—not just the startups and Western Union, but potentially giants like Facebook and PayPal. Its competitive advantage will be its expertise—none of those company’s transfers services have achieved the ubiquity that Ant Financial’s Alipay has in China. MoneyGram shareholders are enthusiastic about the deal. Since it was announced, its stock price has risen over 30%. Yet the deal will not necessarily come through, for two possible reasons. The data dilemma Over the past several years China has invested in or acquired US companies at a staggering rate. Last year marked a record—Chinese companies funneled $45.6 billion to buy stakes in American companies in 2016, with technology a particularly hot sector. Many Chinese companies, some with direct ties to the government, have invested in or attempted to acquire American chipmakers, sensor makers, or artificial-intelligence companies. The Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), the White House inter-agency group which examines overseas acquisitions in the US, has quietly killed a few of these deals in the past over national security concerns. In 2016 a deal between state-affiliated Tsinghua Unigroup, a chip maker, and California-based hard-disk maker Western Digital collapsed in the face of a CFIUS investigation. Around the same time, California-based Fairchild Semiconductor announced it had turned down a purchase bid from China Resources Microelectronics, citing worries that CFIUS would not give its approval. For tech acquisitions, concern often stems from fears that China will acquire technology that could bolster its military. In this case, the concern is not about military technology, but that Ant Financial will get access to a massive trove of US data. At a minimum, that will mean the names, phone numbers, and addresses of MoneyGram users. But if Ant Financial turns MoneyGram in the US into something as big as Alipay in China, it would then have a larger amount of information about its users—where users send money from and to whom, how much they transfer and for what, and so on. The precedent for these concerns is China itself. There, the internet and surveillance go hand-in-hand. Its largest internet companies comply with the government’s policies, including Ant Financial. Ant Financial’s Sesame Credit, for example looks eerily poised to realize the Communist Party’s goal of building an invasive “social credit system.” On its website, in a statement discussing the pending deal, Ant Financial attempts to allay fears about data breaches, subtly nodding to China’s own policies requiring foreign companies to store user data in China. “Protecting user data and information is of paramount importance to us. Any data collected on MoneyGram users in the U.S. will continue to reside on the same ironclad U.S.-based servers that meet the high security standards your customers trust today,” the site reads. Republican senators Pat Roberts and Jerry Moran have written letters to US treasury secretary Steve Mnuchin calling for the deal to be blocked, citing “national security” concerns (paywall). Rival bidder, Kansas-based Euronet, said Ant Financial’s bid is unlikely to succeed due to to “broad concern raised over Chinese based acquirers.” MoneyGram and Ant Financial did not respond to Quartz’s inquiries for this piece. “Reciprocity” Donald Trump entered the White House promising to crack down on “unfair” trade practices. Since then, he has softened his tone. Last week, he trumpeted a trade deal with Chinese president Xi Jinping promoting trade in beef, poultry, and liquid natural gas. Xi also promised Trump better access to US credit card companies and online payment services. That latter promise means little in actuality. It’s far too late for US-based financial services companies to make an impact in China. For old-fashioned credit cards, China’s UnionPay has carved out a monopoly. For internet services, Ant Financial and Tencent reign supreme. The Trump administration has two options as it faces this deal. It can oppose it on grounds that a reverse acquisition would likely never receive approval in China, citing the “reciprocity” slogan. As senator Roberts said (paywall), Ant Financial’s acquisition of MoneyGram “should trigger no less concern than if a Chinese company were seeking to take control of a large, well-known bank,” and added “there is virtually no chance that a US financial services company would be permitted to acquire a Chinese [rival].” But Trump might be keen to keep the positive momentum generated by last week’s trade deal going. If the acquisition gets blocked, particularly in an industry where China has offered an opening (however pointless right now), Trump risks ruining the appearance of making progress on trade with China. Most Popular It’s time to start considering what a North Korean refugee crisis would look like Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 66° Some clouds High: 77° | Low: 62° Ten Day ForecastWeather Alert Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Lost: A special report Schools & Education Community News The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. LePage President Trump Business More in Business Business Breakfast On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports Varsity Maine Awards New England Patriots Boston Celtics Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Society Notebook Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku MaineToday.com Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Business Posted Yesterday at 8:13 PM increase font size As sales slide again, Target looks to gain from rivals’ bankruptcies The retailer also plans to tout its low prices to end the sales slump, which was smaller than expected. Tribune News Service Share Comment Read Article MINNEAPOLIS — As he looks to revive Target Corp.’s faltering business, CEO Brian Cornell said Wednesday the retailer will more aggressively pounce on opportunities to profit from the large number of store closings and retail bankruptcies that have been rocking the distressed industry. “We know there’s going to be billions of dollars up for grabs,” he told reporters after the Minneapolis-based retailer reported its fourth straight quarter of lower sales. In fact, Target projects there could be as much as $60 billion in sales available for the taking as weaker players exit the industry. Gordman’s, HHGregg, BCBG, Payless ShoeSource, Rue21, American Apparel, The Limited and Wet Seal are among those who have filed bankruptcy and closed some or all of their stores this year. “Ultimately, that’s going to position us to take advantage of this market share opportunity,” Cornell said. The strategy is an underpinning of Target’s new road map unveiled in February that calls for remodeling hundreds of stores, launching a dozen new brands, opening new smaller-format stores and overhauling its supply chain. Target already has seen some success in this area. After Victoria’s Secret said it was going to exit the swimwear business last year, Target quickly worked with a vendor to roll out within five months the new brand Shade & Shore. The line – which is Target’s first foray into bra-cup sizing in the category and was launched in all stores in January – has further bolstered its No. 1 market share position in swimwear, executives said. “We didn’t rest on our laurels,” Mark Tritton, Target’s chief merchandising officer, told analysts. “We looked at this market with declining players and saw an opportunity to win even further.” Executives noted that Target also has seen an uptick in sales at stores nearby Macy’s, Sears and J.C. Penney locations that have closed in recent months. Still, Brian Yarbrough, an analyst with Edward Jones, noted that these store closings and bankruptcies also will create headwinds at the same time, because the liquidation sales will likely draw some shoppers away from Target. “That pressure is not going to go away for a while,” he said. “It’s going to continue” as more retailers continue to file bankruptcy. In addition to hopping on competitors’ stumbles, Target executives also told analysts Wednesday that they are working to simplify and better market the retailer’s move toward everyday low pricing. This year, Target is lowering its margins by $1 billion to invest in initiatives such as cutting prices to be more competitive with Wal-Mart and Amazon. It recently launched a new ad campaign called “TargetRun and Done” to highlight its pricing on essentials and encourage customers to swing by for fill-in trips. Executives hope that will help consumers give Target more credit for its pricing. “We believe consumer perceptions of value at Target have not reflected how low our out-the-door prices really are,” said Cornell, who noted that is something that will take time to change. Target’s stock, which has fallen more than 20 percent this year, got a little boost Wednesday when the retailer reported that sales and profits in the first few months of the year were not as bad as the company – or analysts – had feared. Its shares rose 1 percent. In the quarter, the retailer continued to struggle in its battle with Wal-Mart and Amazon as it once again saw shoppers make fewer visits to its stores and had lower sales in grocery and household essentials. Still, it came as a relief to investors when Target reported only a drop of 1.3 percent in same-store sales in the February-to-April quarter, because analysts had projected a decline of 3.6 percent. The results stood out in contrast to major department stores such as Macy’s and Kohl’s that saw bigger drops in first-quarter sales, leading to a selloff of retail stocks last week as investors grow increasingly concerned about how traditional retailers are faring amid the shift to online shopping. Wal-Mart will report its results Thursday. “Against a tumultuous retail backdrop, this is not a so terrible performance,” Neil Saunders, managing director of GlobalData Retail, said in a research note Wednesday about Target’s results. He said Target is not as “broken” as many other retailers because it has plenty of room to improve, such as in finding more ways to draw customers, especially millennials, to its stores. It’s only getting harder to do so as more customers opt to shop online. “We’re not doing high-fives,” Cornell told analysts Wednesday morning. “We have a lot of work to do.” Target will soon begin testing a new service called Target Restock that offers customers next-day delivery of a box of household essentials. Later this month, it will launch a new line, one of a number of new brands set to be rolled out over the next two years. Aimed at Target’s core demographic of new mothers, Cloud Island is a nursery decor line. Cornell hinted to reporters that a new athletic leisure brand may also be in the works. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Business Shares of CVS, Walgreens sold off as Amazon weighs pharmacy sales Business Stocks fall on political drama Business Ford to slash jobs as sales level off Business As sales slide again, Target looks to gain from rivals’ bankruptcies Recent Read Shared Mueller has a history of standing up to the White House Wednesday's boys' roundup: York downs Traip Academy in baseball Major league roundup: Tigers power past Orioles Cavaliers thump Celtics to open Eastern Conference finals NHL playoffs: Senators pounce on Penguins Take a look inside the 150-year-old B&M Beans factory in Portland Maine family gives $50 million ‘transformational’ gift to Bates College capital campaign LePage threatens to veto deposit on 'nips,' remove them from Maine stores Portland landowner agrees to remove tiny homes from Bayside, pays fine Shipyard files trademark lawsuit against Missouri brewery over ‘Shiphead’ beer Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret Eagle sickened after feeding on dead animal Southern Maine Transit Tracker seeking feedback on its tracking system 'Anatomy of Innocence' describes incalculable injustices Take a look inside the 150-year-old B&M Beans factory in Portland BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
TV Three Bravo Newshub ThreeNow TV Guide Radio The Edge More FM RadioLIVE The Rock George The Sound Mai The Breeze Magic Video Three Bravo NewsHub Edge TV The Rock More FM George TV Mai FM The Breeze News NZ News Enviro/Science Politcs Weather Sport Health World Money Sport Recipes The Breeze Fresh Win MediaWorks NZ Ltd More Weather RadioLIVE Listen Now Home NZ World Politics Sport Health Entertainment Money Shows Opinion Woman confronts husband's mistress at Walmart 7 hours ago Newshub staff A US woman has shamed her unfaithful husband and his mistress in the most public of fashions - yelling at them in a Walmart store and sharing footage of it online. The husband, known simply as Wayne, does not feature for most of the video - with his wife confronting Wayne's mistress alone while she shopped at the retail chain. After exchanging pleasantries, Wayne's wife asks if she knows who she is - and when she replies no, all hell breaks loose. "You're breaking up a home. You're cheating with my husband, so how filthy and nasty are you? You're a nasty, filthy cheater!" she yells, as other shoppers look on. "That's what you do? You go around sleeping with married men with children? Are you a Christian at all or is this what you do for fun?" After getting booted from the store she makes her way to the car park, where her husband is sitting in his vehicle. "That's how you do, huh? I had fun with your little broad in there, you f**king cheater," she says, before expressing surprise he'd chosen to be unfaithful with a white woman. "You're a nasty b*tch. You're nothing but a piece of filth." It's not clear how Wayne's wife discovered he was being unfaithful, nor how she knew his mistress would be shopping at Walmart. Newshub. Contact Terms and Conditions Advertise with Us Copyright © 2017 MediaWorks TV - All Rights Reserved Get in touch email facebook twitter
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 1 – 7: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 1, be alert to flagging and heavy equipment along Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge and grading work.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 1, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018)   ***Interstate 77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel: Due to maintenance work at I-77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel, anticipate nightly left lane closures Sunday through Thursday nights the week of May 1.   Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017)   ***Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: May 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on I-77 this week due to bridge and shoulder sweeping in Wythe and Bland counties.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures due to the following maintenance activities on I-81: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017) Dickenson County Water line projects: Due to water line installation work, motorists may experience delays on the following routes that connect to Route 63 (Big Ridge Road): Route 753 (Centennial Heights Road), Route 818 (Patsy Lane), Route 756 (Travis Stanley Road), Route 795 (Ira Owens Lane) and Route 607 (Tarpon Lane). (Completion: Spring 2017)     Grayson County ***Route 603 (Ripshin Road) bridge: The Route 603 (Ripshin Road) bridge will be closed to traffic for repairs on Tuesday (April 25) from 9 a.m. until 2 p.m. The bridge is located .30 mile from Route 732 and 3.7 miles from Route 601. (Completion: April 25)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Lee County ***Route 680 (Speaks Branch Road) – bridge replacement: The Route 680 (Speaks Branch Road) bridge will be closed Wednesday (May 3) from 8 a.m. until 5 p.m. to replace the bridge. While the bridge is being replaced, motorists will use the following routes to detour: Routes 680, 682, 676 and 671.   Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: Due to the installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Routes 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Routes 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon in the next two weeks, motorists should be alert to the changes at the signal. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Rd) bridge: Due to replacement to the superstructure of the Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Road) bridge over Copper Creek in Russell County, the bridge will be closed to through traffic through early May. Motorists should plan alternate routes while replacement is underway. (Completion: early May 2017) Scott County Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early May 2017)   ***Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County ***Fiber Optic Install: A project by Nichols Construction to install fiber optic lines via an aerial installation will cause delays on Route 460 in Bluefield Sunday, May 7 between 7 a.m. and 11 a.m. Motorists should be alert to Virginia State Police performing rolling road blocks during the aerial install of the fiber optic lines.   Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017) ***Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)   Washington County ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: Due to the installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Routes 58 and 677 (Watauga Road) and the intersection of Routes 11 and 58 in Abingdon this week, motorists should be alert to the changes at the signal. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Azure Lane improvements: Be alert to heavy equipment and workers along Route 676 (Azure Lane) in Washington County due to efforts to improve a one-mile section on the western end of the route. (Completion: May 2017)     Wise County Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: early May 2017)   Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installation in the Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017)   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)   Business Route 23 bridge in Pound: Traffic signals are controlling one 11-foot-wide lane across the Business Route 23 bridge in Pound due to replacement of the bridge. Signals are also controlling traffic off Route 633 (Bold Camp Road).  Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to the possibility of delays. (Completion: spring 2018)   Completed Route 672 – bridge replacement: A section of Route 672 (Martin’s Creek Road) in Lee County has reopened following replacement of the bridge over Martin Creek.   Route 687 bridge: Replacement of the superstructure for the Route 687 bridge in Scott County has been completed.        (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 1-5, 2017 Next PostNext Efforts underway for removal of crane, debris from North Fork Holston River Search Recent Posts 3PL in Japan Market Size, Investment Feasibility and Industry Growth Rate Forecast 2017 – 2020 Benzethonium Chloride Market: Detailed Analysis and Profiling of Additional Market Players Vancouver Fencing Company Shares the Challenges of Fence Repair AIA Praises Texas Legislature’s Passage of Hailstorm Claims Litigation Legislation Global H2 Receptor Blocker Market 2017: Medochemie, Horizon Pharma, Merck & Britannica Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost A Critical Choice: Nursing home care Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Know the RX: Opioid addiction resources Remaking The Q Stolen in the Suburbs Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Bill Livingston Dennis Manoloff Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Woman encourages employee to slap a co-worker: Mayfield Heights Police Blotter Print Email Andy Attina / cleveland.com By Andy Attina / cleveland.com Sun News on May 17, 2017 at 5:37 PM, updated May 17, 2017 at 5:39 PM comments MAYFIELD HEIGHTS, Ohio Disturbance, Mayfield Road: Officers responded to Papa John's Pizza May 5 for a report of a customer causing a disturbance. They discovered the woman, 33, was unhappy about the service and had told one employee to slap another employee. The manager asked that the woman not return to the store. Counterfeiting, Mayfield Road: A man made a purchase at Game Stop May 9 using six counterfeit $50 bills that were not known to be fake at the time. Three of them were given to another customer in a trade for games. That customer later returned the bills, which were turned over to police. Reports indicate the man who passed the fake currency was also suspected of doing the same thing earlier that day at the Petsmart location in the city. Overdose, West Miner Road: Officers responded to a home at 7:46 a.m. May 7 for a report of a suspected drug overdose. After being, revived, the man, 31, became combative and had to be restrained. Officers later located suspected heroin in his clothing. The drug enforcement unit is investigating. Special attention, Marnell Avenue: A Lander Elementary School employee asked for special attention to her home May 10 because students from the school were seen on her property and she believed they meant to do damage to her vehicle. Theft, Mayfield Road: A male was suspected of stealing a video game from Walmart May 3, but responding officers were unable to locate him or his vehicle. Theft, Mayfield Road: A Hudson man, 18, was cited for theft and possession of criminal tools at Walmart May 8 after he stole a video game by using a tool to open a mechanized lock on it. According to an employee, the man admitted to stealing other games in the same fashion. Theft, Eastgate Plaza: A Mayfield Heights man, 66, was arrested at Marc's May 10 for the suspected theft of 11 items valued at $38.19. He was cooperative and turned over the items, including a steak that was concealed in the front of his pants. Property damage, SOM Center Road: A cement pole was struck by a garbage truck in the U.S. Bank parking lot May 10. The pole, which serves as a barrier, was completely pulled from the ground with the asphalt intact. The maintenance manager said it was the second time a truck had struck a pole at the property. The waste management company told the property owner to file a police report and it would take care of the matter. Theft from building, Golden Gate Plaza: A TGI Friday's employee reported May 7 someone stole $43 out of her purse, which was kept in a female employee's restroom. Officers are reviewing surveillance video from the area in hopes of identifying a suspect. Unauthorized use of a motor vehicle, Marsol Road: A woman reported May 6 a man took her vehicle without her permission. She said he had come over her apartment the previous night and told her he was taking her keys because he was meeting some people in the lobby to buy drugs. He did not return and when the woman woke up in the morning, she noticed her vehicle was missing. Officers left a voice mail for the man, 27, to call them about the missing vehicle. Theft, SOM Center Road: A Lorain man, 35, was suspected of stealing two vacuum cleaners, valued at a total of $899, from Bed, Bath & Beyond May 3. Surveillance video showed the man run out an emergency door, which sounded an alarm. Reports did not indicate how the man was identified. See more Mayfield Heights news at Cleveland.com/hillcrest. If you would like to discuss the police blotter, please visit our crime and courts comments page. "cleveland.com is a partner of the Greater Cleveland Food Bank. Every dollar buys four meals for the hungry. Click here to donate." Connect with your Community Share your community events, stories, events & more Sun News letters to the Editor: How to submit cleveland.com on YouTube Subscribe to our YouTube channel Get the latest news, sports, and entertainment videos you need to see now! ... Subscribe now» Neighborhood Dining Essential Cleveland Dining Cleveland's a big-league foodie town and we've got the news and reviews you need to navigate all of the area's dining-out options, plus a growing collection of essential dining guides. THE GUIDES A-List: Cleveland's Top 100 Restaurants Best of Downtown Best of Ohio City Best of Little Italy Best of Tremont More dining guides & reviews » Hillcrest news in your inbox Sign up for our Hillcrest newsletter Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Hillcrest HS News Latest Mayfield HS News | Latest Richmond Hts HS News | Latest Hawken HS News About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Manage Subscriptions May 17, 2017 76° Dothan, AL (36303) Today Showers early. Tonight Chance of a shower or two during the evening, followed by partly cloudy skies overnight. Low 69F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 30%. Updated: May 17, 2017 @ 6:53 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Home Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local AP Tennessee editorial roundup By The Associated Press May 17, 2017 Updated 2 hrs ago (…) Recent editorials from Tennessee newspapers: ___ May 10 The Knoxville News Sentinel on an unusual court case: Plea negotiations in criminal cases in Knox County generally evolve behind the scenes and usually become public only when the accused and the prosecutor reach a deal. The accused evaluates the chances of going to trial and the potential outcome and compares that to what the district attorney general is offering without going to trial. The prosecutor is seeking what would be best for the state - as in, we the people. Usually, that's the way it goes. Of course, nothing has been usual in the case of Allison Burchett, the former wife of Knox County Mayor Tim Burchett and girlfriend of Bandit Lites owner Michael Strickland. She is accused of seven felonies and six misdemeanors for allegedly stealing Nicole Strickland's identity and using it to take money out of her bank account, get her electricity shut off, apply for loans in her name and post her own personal photographs of her body after her double mastectomy. The Stricklands are locked in a bitter divorce. The charges and the lawsuit are public record. The plea negotiations were secretive until now. Knox County District Attorney General Charme Allen has offered Burchett two possibilities: Plead guilty to four felonies but get them wiped off her record. Accept six misdemeanor convictions on her record. Both offers are conditioned on agreement to four years of probation, the maximum probationary period under the laws at issue in the case. Burchett has until Wednesday to decide. Allen seems to be taking two different stances on her office's relationship with victims in high-profile cases, according to records obtained by the USA TODAY NETWORK - Tennessee. In the case of former University of Tennessee football linebacker A.J. Johnson and a fellow teammate, Michael Williams, accused of rape of a female student-athlete, Allen's office contended it had a right - and a duty - to stand up for victims and help them refuse defense requests for social media history. An appellate court last month told the DA she was wrong, saying, "The prosecutor is not an advocate for the victim of a crime or the witnesses for the State but is instead the representative of the sovereign state of Tennessee charged with safeguarding and advocating the rights of the people." Perhaps that's why a letter from assistant prosecutor Bill Bright informed Strickland, who wasn't happy with the proposed deal for Burchett, that prosecutors aren't advocates for victims, they only have to keep them informed and listen to their opinions. The decisions do seem at odds with Allen's tough-on-crime and victim advocacy stances, but she has declined to explain the differences. What has emerged are dueling letters between Strickland's lawyers and Allen's office, revealing an unusual, bitter division replete with allegations of lies and mistreatment and distrust. Burchett may decide to reject both proposals. If she does, Bright says it makes no difference the friction between the parties, he'll go to trial in June. Perhaps, that's best. Online: http://www.knoxnews.com/ ___ May 12 The Leaf Chronicle of Clarksville on bounty hunting: Imagine you're sitting in a car with some friends in a parking lot. Maybe you're waiting for another friend to come out of a store or restaurant. Maybe you have the radio on. Maybe you're chatting about plans for next weekend. In the mirrors, you see men rushing toward the car, guns drawn. They smash your windows. They hold guns to your face, and maybe they yell the two words that are supposed to make this OK: "Bounty hunter." What would you do? How would you feel? That's roughly what happened to Jalen Milan and his friends just after midnight on April 23, according to Clarksville police and attorneys representing Milan's family. Yes, Milan's family. Because Jalen Milan is dead, killed by gunfire as the car he was in sped out of the Whitfield Boulevard Walmart parking lot. But it didn't end there. The bonding agents, seven of them in four cars, then chased the car down Fort Campbell Boulevard before the group came to a stop. Oh, and it turns out they were looking for someone else who wasn't even in the car, police say. Does that matter? There were no police. The police had no idea what was going on until the 911 calls started pouring in about massive amounts of gunfire in a public parking lot and a chase down a major highway in Clarksville. There are so many things so completely unacceptable to this community about what happened here. First, while the four bondsmen involved were registered as required by law, the three bounty hunters were not, according to court officials. In fact, no bounty hunters have ever registered in Montgomery County, despite the requirement that they do so. Second, being a registered bounty hunter in Tennessee means you have a background check and do eight hours of certification training per year. Eight hours. You get to hunt civilians down, kidnap them at gunpoint and take them to jail with only eight hours of classroom training. To the police officers who go through rigorous and ongoing training for the right to wield a gun while enforcing the law, that's an insult. Third, why is this even legal? Would it surprise you that just across the border in Kentucky, bounty hunting is considered kidnapping? When you use a bonding company to get out of jail, you should not be able to give someone the right to hunt you down and kidnap you at gunpoint if you fail to show up. That's a job for police, not untrained, unregulated civilians. Fourth, bonding agents are supposed to inform police of their plans before they carry them out. Does anyone think Clarksville Police would have OK'd an armed ambush in a public parking lot, followed by gunfire at a fleeing vehicle and a chase down a major highway? That's probably why they didn't inform police of their plans. Fifth, they had the wrong person. The wrong person. That shouldn't matter - this whole situation is a disaster on so many levels even if they had the right person. But it does. Because Jalen Milan could have been you. Or your son. Or your husband or father. He was somebody's father, by the way. A son and two daughters, ages 2, 3 and 4, who will now grow up without their daddy. Instead, Jalen Milan was your neighbor. He was a fellow citizen of Clarksville killed by a murky corner of the criminal justice system that we have allowed to exist, here in Montgomery County and across Tennessee. That system has to change. Rigorous enforcement of the scant existing laws would be a good start, but it's not enough. Putting civilian lives at risk for commercial profiteering off the court system shouldn't be legal. Or is this what justice looks like in Tennessee? Online: http://www.theleafchronicle.com/ ___ May 16 The Memphis Commercial Appeal on the Tennessee Promise program: Congratulations are due to the Tennessee Promise program's first graduates, who are raising prospects for a more fulfilling future for themselves and helping to boost Tennessee's national ranking for educational achievement. The initiative launched by Gov. Bill Haslam two years ago, which admits recent high school graduates to community or technical college free of charge, attracted criticism in the beginning for a commensurate reduction in the value of the HOPE scholarship, another state lottery-funded scholarship program, during its early stages. Time will tell what the net effect of that trade-off will be, but in Memphis, for example, something needed to be done to help fill vacant high-wage positions that require technical skills that can be acquired in community and technical colleges. And it's safe to assume that some of the people filling those positions never would have advanced beyond high school without the encouragement that Tennessee Promise provides. Haslam was in Memphis Saturday to give the commencement address to the first group of Southwest Tennessee Community College students graduating through Promise and Tennessee Reconnect, a no-tuition program for students who are older with some previous college experience. Both programs could turn out to be instrumental in meeting the goal of Haslam's Drive to 55 initiative, an effort to raise the percentage of Tennessee residents with some type of post-secondary degree or work certificate from 37 to 55 percent. Another benefit: The program has raised Tennessee's profile on the national stage as a state with new ideas about education. Promise was held out as a model for other states to follow during a recent conference call hosted by Rhode Island Gov. Gina Raimondo and Haslam. A glance at the data on Tennessee Promise students seems discouraging on the surface. Of the 1,300-plus students at Southwest who started Promise two years ago, only 63 were still in the program and earned diplomas this semester. That figure, however, doesn't include students who failed to qualify for the scholarship at some point beyond their first semester, students who qualify but haven't met graduation requirements or students transferring to another school with credits earned while they were on the Promise scholarship. And it is hard to measure, but there can be little argument that Tennessee Promise has the potential to change the state's culture, giving more Tennesseans the economic and intangible benefits that follow an academic pursuit of two to four years or beyond. Online: http://www.commercialappeal.com/ Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags General News Scholarships Education Costs Education Social Affairs Violent Crime Crime Courts Judiciary Government And Politics Locations Clarksville Tennessee United States North America Knoxville Memphis Popular Clark Cinemas opens new building Friday Dothan police officer buys groceries for teen mom caught stealing Martin triplets set to graduate Dothan High soon Suspect in death of Kaycha Smith faces open count of murder Murder suspect back in Jackson County Woman charged with abuse, neglect after elderly man found in 'deplorable' conditions Owner: Dothan Gander Mountain will 'stay in the market' Two die in crash after driver refuses to stop for law officers Headland tabs Raines as new head football coach Dothan attorney Vernon Hein dies at 60 Featured Businesses Hearing Associates Of Dothan 1891 Honeysuckle Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-702-4327 Billy Lawrence Buick GMC 525 Kirkland St, Abbeville, AL 36310 334-585-3551 Derrel's Sewing and Vacuum Center 2507 Montgomery Highway, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-0824 US Mobile Homes of Alabama 5214 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-983-5658 Hometown Lenders 110 E Broad St, Eufaula, AL 36027 334-794-2661 Bryant's Outdoor Equipment 2200 S Brannon Stand Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-4419 Bama RV 5386 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9510 All Metal Building Systems 409 S Broad St, Cowarts, AL 36321 800-440-1307 The Dothan Eagle 227 N Oates St, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-3141 Coupons Latta Music Company 3332 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-793-6011 The Bobby Dean Team 2307 Hartford Hwy, Ste 5, Dothan, AL 36305 334-701-1102 Beltone 2115 Denton Rd, Ste 2, Dothan, AL 36303 334-712-6778 Center for Vein Restoration 3280 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9494 Mosquito Squad 125 P.R. 1575, Midland City, AL 36350 334-405-7964 Jim Skinner Honda 3823 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-671-8100 Conestoga Steak House 3549 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-4445 Currently Open Our New Baby 3119 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-677-2229 McLeod's Publick House 5540 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-648-1912 Currently Open Jim Roberts Realty 4207 Lafayette St, Marianna, FL 32446 850-482-4635 W. Terry Bullard Attorney at Law 707 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36301 Miles of Flowers 4143 W Main St, Ste 5, Dothan, AL 36305 334-699-5773 Bondy's Ford Lincoln 3615 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-5171 Vehicles Hometown Lenders 3124 W Main St, Ste 6, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-2661 Miracle-Ear of Dothan - Southern Hearing 4440 W Main St, Ste 3, Dothan, AL 36305 334-377-4065 Alabama Eye Physicians & Surgeons 5937 W Main St, Dothan , AL 36305 334-446-0872 Jackson County Floridan 4403 Constitution Ln, Marianna, FL 32448 850-526-3614 James Grant Realty 1254 Westgate Pkwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-793-2200 Dothan Brace Shop 1240 E Main St, Dothan, AL 36301 334-792-4330 Bondy's Nissan 3693 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-6736 Contests Water World Family Admission Pack Giveaway Wiregrass' Wildest Fans Subscriber Services Dothan Eagle Subscriber Services e-Edition online Subscriber log-in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Manage subscription Sections News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact Information dothaneagle.com 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Phone: 334-792-3141 Email: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Follow Us Dothan Eagle, Dothan AL ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 234% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 45% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 53% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 30% Returns as of 5/17/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 234% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 45% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 53% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 30% Returns as of 5/17/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Why Plug Power Just Plunged 14% Customers are fleeing, says Roth. "Misinformation!" responds Plug. Rich Smith (TMFDitty) May 17, 2017 at 5:38PM What happened Shares of fuel cell pioneer Plug Power (NASDAQ:PLUG) tumbled in Wednesday trading, closing the day down 13.7%. So what As we advised earlier today, Plug's sell-off can be traced directly back to a downgrade to "sell" by Roth Capital earlier this morning. Roth had three main points to make in its downgrade. First, Plug Power reported "weak" earnings last quarter. Second, while that quarter didn't include any sales from Plug's widely touted alliance with Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN), once those sales do begin to roll in later this year, Roth believes they will result in "poor quality of revenue, earnings, and gross margins" for Plug. Third and finally, Plug's move closer to Amazon is resulting in customer attrition among the company's other customers, including Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT), which may not want to patronize Plug products in the future, knowing that the company is so closely tied to (and may soon be part owned by) Amazon. Roth ended by predicting a 35% collapse in Plug's stock price and urged investors to sell the stock. Why are Plug Power shares crashing? It's not exactly a headscratcher. Image source: Getty Images. Now what Plug Power management quickly shifted into damage-control mode, with CEO Andy Marsh calling Roth's report "misinformation." Marsh reiterated his earlier reiteration of Plug's revenue guidance for this year ($130 million). And regarding Plug's customers, Marsh averred that Plug is seeing "increased new customer interest in our products." Regarding key customer Wal-Mart in particular, Marsh said that Plug's already-agreed "shipping plans for Walmart have not changed." But to no avail. For one thing, Marsh did not address Roth's predictions of "poor quality of revenue, earnings, and gross margins" from the Amazon deal. Neither did he address what plans Wal-Mart might have for future purchases of Plug Power fuel cells after the current agreements expire. Given that it's these two predictions that were the crux of Roth's downgrade, I can see why investors aren't feeling very reassured today. Rich Smith has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Article Info May 17, 2017 at 5:38PM Energy, Materials, and Utilities Stocks Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $944.76 down $-21.31 (-2.21%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $75.12 up $0.01 (0.01%) Plug Power NASDAQ:PLUG $1.76 down $0.28 (-13.73%) Read More 3 Top Hydrogen Fuel Cell Stocks You Can Buy Right Now 5 Things Investors Will Look For When Plug Power Reports Q3 Earnings Why Shares of Plug Power Plunged 11% in November How Fuel-Cell Stocks Could Fare During a Donald Trump Presidency Does China Offer Plug Power a Path to Profitability? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Why Plug Power Just Plunged 14% @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN, $WMT, $PLUG
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Thursday, May 18, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Russia Investigation Gets Special Counsel Robert Mueller, Ex-F.B.I. Chief, to Lead Inquiry on Meddling By REBECCA R. RUIZ and MARK LANDLER 10:27 PM ET The Justice Department’s appointment of Robert S. Mueller III follows days of chaos in the White House since the abrupt firing last week of James B. Comey. Mr. Mueller will have greater autonomy than any U.S. attorney. President Trump said the process would show “there was no collusion.”  Comments What Mueller’s Autonomy Means for the President Why It’s So Hard to Have an Independent Investigation Trump’s Team Knew of Flynn Inquiry Before He Took Office By MATTHEW ROSENBERG and MARK MAZZETTI 9:11 PM ET Weeks before the inauguration, Michael T. Flynn is said to have told the transition team that he was being investigated for working as a paid lobbyist for Turkey. But he was named national security adviser anyway, giving him wide access to American intelligence. Robert S. Mueller III, a former F.B.I. director under Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama, was chosen to oversee the inquiry. Credit Christopher Gregory/The New York Times G.O.P. Pivot Turns Comey Into Capitol’s Most-Wanted By JENNIFER STEINHAUER 9:27 PM ET Republicans called on the fired F.B.I. director to testify, produce memos and provide details of his encounters with Mr. Trump. The Right Has Its Own Narrative About Trump’s Crises By JEREMY W. PETERS Mr. Trump’s proponents have used unfounded allegations, diversions and conspiracy theories to maintain support. How Murder of D.N.C. Staff Member Fueled Conspiracy Theories Saying He’s Treated ‘Unfairly,’ Trump Gears Up to Fight By MAGGIE HABERMAN and GLENN THRUSH In a commencement address to Coast Guard cadets, Mr. Trump said that “no politician in history” had “been treated worse.” More in Politics Homeland Security Chief’s Quip: Use Sword on Press 12:52 AM ET Comey’s Memos Are Product of Culture of Note-Keeping Joseph Lieberman Among 4 Interviewed to Head F.B.I. Stocks Dip Sharply Amid Concerns Over Political Turmoil By KATE KELLY and ALEXANDRA STEVENSON 8:53 PM ET The S.&P. 500 and the Dow both took a dive, falling 1.8 percent each as investors appeared shaken by the drama around President Trump. Republican Hopes for Rewriting Tax Code in 2017 Are Fading Immigration Arrests Rise 38% as Trump’s Mandate Is Realized By CAITLIN DICKERSON Under a new Trump administration policy, the federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency is casting a wider net. Erdogan’s Security Guards Attack Protesters in U.S. By NICHOLAS FANDOS and CHRISTOPHER MELE Supporters of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey, including his government security forces, violently charged a group of protesters in Washington, injuring 11.  Comments 1:55 Brawl in Washington Over Erdogan’s Visit By VOA TURKISH Police in Venezuela Fight Protesters, but Hold Similar Gripes By PATRICIA TORRES and NICHOLAS CASEY Police officers in Caracas say they feel caught between a government they no longer believe in and a protest movement that has labeled them the enemy. The Daily 360 2:06 A Fading City Loses an Unlikely Lifeline Joe Buglewicz for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Cairo, Ill., Public Housing Residents Ask: What Now? Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. The village of Hastings-on-Hudson, N.Y., in Westchester County, has attracted the attention of Hollywood recently for its vibe as Anytown, U.S.A. Credit Edu Bayer for The New York Times For a Village in Demand, It’s Lights, Camera, Inconvenience Hastings-on-Hudson, N.Y., has attracted Hollywood attention, bolstering its coffers and, to some extent, its ego. But the increase in filming has not come without headaches. By RICK ROJAS Your Thursday Briefing By PATRICK BOEHLER 12:55 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ James Comey’s secret memos: We discuss the latest revelations about President Trump, Mr. Comey, Russia and Israel. Audio Follow The Daily: Daily SMS iTunes Radio Public Stitcher Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living Guide A Guide to Running a Better Meeting By ADAM BRYANT Another meeting-filled day? Meetings don’t have to feel like time-sucks. With these tips and strategies, they can be efficient and productive. How to Save Money on Summer Travels Looking to save on summer travel? Our Frugal Traveler columnist answered your questions on airfares, lodging, food and more. How Jean-Michel Basquiat Became the $60 Million Man By ROBIN POGREBIN and SCOTT REYBURN With 16 Basquiats headlining in this week’s auctions, the graffiti rebel, who sold drawings for $50 and died in 1987 of a drug overdose, has become the heavyweight artist of the season. Buyers Cautious at Auction as Wall Street Dips 11:45 PM ET White Tulsa Officer Cleared in Death of Black Driver By LUCIA WALINCHUS and RICHARD PÉREZ-PEÑA 11:02 PM ET The fatal shooting of Terence Crutcher by Officer Betty Jo Shelby is one of several cases that have prompted a national debate about race relations and the police’s use of force. Results of 15 Cases Involving the Police and a Black Person’s Death Macron’s Cabinet Gives Glimpse of How He Might Govern By ALISSA J. RUBIN By appointing equal numbers of men and women to his cabinet, President Emmanuel Macron of France made a statement. But his power will depend on legislative elections. Jimmy Fallon Was on Top of the World, Before Trump By DAVE ITZKOFF Late night got partisan. The competition found its groove. And now “The Tonight Show” host is looking for all the luck he can get. Critic's Notebook Lost in the Digital Swamp, Link by Link By AMANDA HESS Companies occupy real estate at the margins of websites and fill them with links to content landfills, stoking our most primal browsing habits. Teenager Accused of Setting Fire in Historic Synagogue By ASHLEY SOUTHALL and DAVID W. DUNLAP The police made the arson arrest after a blaze burned to the ground the landmark building on the Lower East Side that formerly housed Beth Hamedrash Hagodol. More News Las Vegas Officer Uses Stun Gun and Choke Hold 11:23 PM ET The Cosby Trial May Hinge on One Woman’s Testimony 9:05 PM ET Ford, Facing Pressure, Will Cut 1,400 Salaried Jobs 9:01 PM ET Australia’s Rural Youth, in Split From Elders, Seek to Limit Emissions The youth wing of a conservative party that represents voters outside the main cities has its own ideas about how to protect a rural lifestyle from the threat posed by climate change. Australia’s ‘King Kong’ Is Bound for Broadway, a Bit Late but Just as Big This stage spectacle featuring a 20-foot ape, part puppet and part robot, is scheduled to open in the fall of 2018 after a series of delays. Aldous Harding’s Songs Won’t Be Pinned Down. Nor Will Her Voice. This New Zealand singer’s sets often started with curious audiences and ended with rapt ones. Her first American release, “Party,” arrives on Friday. The Mystery of the Wasting House-Cats Forty years ago, feline hyperthyroidism was virtually nonexistent. Now it’s an epidemic — and some scientists think everyday chemicals might be to blame. Refuge and Renewal on Lake George A Favorite Place column describes a corner of the Adirondacks where elements of modern life yield to more timeless pursuits. Engaged Princess Revives a Royal Debate in Japan Princess Mako, Emperor Akihito’s grandchild, is getting married, and, by law, leaving the royal family. Her departure is highlighting a looming succession crisis. The Opinion Pages Editorial The Special Counsel America Needs With the former F.B.I. director Robert S. Mueller III in charge, Americans should be assured of a strong inquiry.  Comments Nicholas Kristof Dangerous Times for Trump and the Nation What if an unstable president reaches for the nuclear button?  Comments What Israel Makes of Trump’s Intel Gaffe The Criminal President? Bret Stephens ‘The Flight 93 Election’ Crashes Again To certain conservatives, last fall’s was “the Flight 93 election.” Perhaps it was, but not as they intended.  Comments Editorial: Did Mr. Trump Obstruct Justice? Collins: Trump’s Version of Keeping Us Safe Douthat: The 25th Amendment Friedman: It’s Chicken or Fish If You’re in a Wheelchair, Segregation Lives Nine Students, Four Years Later User Subscriptions Three Thousand Miles From the Western Front What We’re Reading Times Insider » Three Thousand Miles From the Western Front The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story N.Y. / Region In the Mold of One Who Died Young A life cast by the sculptor John Ahearn of a Bronx teenager, Justin McWillis, captured his appearance months before he was fatally shot. Now his family has a replica. Opinion Don’t Profit From Abuses by Bahrain Family Are Men With Beards More Desirable? Movies At Cannes, le Booing Isn’t Just for Bad Films Opinion Why Do We Appease North Korea? Times Insider What We’re Reading Art & Design A Feast of Street Art, Luminous and Legal From the Bronx to Coney Island, a tour of the city’s graffiti art can help slake a thirst for art in summer’s dog days. Opinion Highway Robbery Targets the Poor Asia Pacific Keeping a Philippine Tattoo Tradition Alive Family No Such Thing as a Math Person Opinion If You’re in a Wheelchair, Segregation Lives Times Insider A New Comic Strip From The Times Sections World » Putin Offers to Provide a ‘Record’ of Trump’s Disclosures to Russian Envoys Villaggio Coppola Journal: Forsaken Village on Italy’s Coast Tells Tale of a Paradise Lost The Interpreter: How Iran Became an Undemocratic Democracy Business Day » Drama in Washington Rattles Wall Street, and Stocks Dive Japan’s Economy Is Growing, but Don’t Call It a Hot Streak Google Wants to Be Everywhere With Everyone Opinion » Frank Bruni: Trump’s Leaky Fate Editorial: The Special Counsel America Needs Ross Douthat: The 25th Amendment Solution for Removing Trump U.S. » Their Public Housing at the End of Its Life, Residents Ask: What Now? Amid Puerto Rico’s Fiscal Ruins, a New Push for Statehood New Orleans Removes Beauregard Statue, and Subdued Crowds Look On Technology » State of the Art: Google, Not the Government, Is Building the Future China Is Reluctant to Blame North Korea, Its Ally, for Cyberattack With Ransomware, It’s Pay and Embolden Perpetrators, or Lose Precious Data Arts » Jimmy Fallon Was on Top of the World. Then Came Trump. Andrea Constand’s Story: Will It Send Bill Cosby to Prison? Critic's Notebook: Lost in the Digital Swamp, Link by Link Politics » How a Special Counsel Alters the Russia Investigation Washington Memo: Washington Is Abuzz With Surround Sound of Scandal Robert Mueller, New Special Counsel, Is Known for Independence Fashion & Style » We Settle a Big Fashion Rivalry: Nashville vs. Columbus On the Runway: JAR’s Light in the Darkness Suffering for Your Art? Maybe You Need a Patron Movies » Review: ‘Alien: Covenant’ Summons Terror and Stays on Brand At Cannes, le Booing Isn’t Just Reserved for Bad Films Women Face Long Odds at U.S. Film Festivals, Study Finds New York » De Blasio Quietly Seeks Allies in Battle Over Homeless Shelters Puerto Rican Day Parade to Honor a Long-Jailed Militant De Blasio Says Stick to Subway (but Don’t Blame Him if You Run Late) Sports » Yankees 11, Royals 7: Yankees Add Speed to Their Power and Throttle the Royals On Pro Basketball: It’s Back to the Future for the Celtics, the Sixers and the Lakers Denying Maria Sharapova, Inviting a Debate Theater » Review: A Mythic Force Rages in the Welsh ‘Iphigenia in Splott’ Review: Recalling an Electric New York in ‘Radicals in Miniature’ Eugene O’Neill, Brought to Life in Bright Colors Science » Trilobites: Nearly a Decade Nursing? Study Pierces Orangutans’ Mother-Child Bond Profiles in Science: Brenda Milner, Eminent Brain Scientist, Is ‘Still Nosy’ at 98 A Remote Pacific Island Awash in Tons of Trash Obituaries » Jean Fritz, Who Wrote History Books for Children, Dies at 101 Lloyd Cotsen, Collector of the Ordinary and the Odd, Dies at 88 Lee Hall, Artist and de Kooning Biographer, Dies at 82 Television » Welcome Back to Twin Peaks: An Illustrated Glossary Jimmy Fallon Was on Top of the World. Then Came Trump. Watching: Margaret’s 4 TV Shows to Watch This Week Health » Babies From Skin Cells? Prospect Is Unsettling to Some Experts F.D.A. Warns of Faulty Lead Testing in Children and Mothers Phys Ed: New Advice to Move More After a Concussion Travel » On the Water: Ten Favorite Places on European Rivers, Lakes and Coastlines Q&A with the Frugal Traveler on Summer Savings Footsteps: A Botanist in Swedish Lapland Books » Books of The Times: ‘The End of Eddy’ Captures a Savage Childhood and a Global Movement Books of The Times: ‘Shake It Up’ Aims to Put Rock Writing in the Pantheon Books of The Times: Digging to the Roots of Maurice Sendak’s Vision Education » Education Disrupted: How Google Took Over the Classroom Free Tuition? Tennessee Could Tutor New York 500 Students in a One-Room School: Fallout of New Jersey’s Funding Woes Food » The Pour: Let’s Be Clear: Bad Wines Are Bad Wines, Period ‘Modern Mexican’ Steps Into the Spotlight Restaurant Review: Pork Is Only the Starting Point at Pig Bleecker Sunday Review » On Campus: U Can’t Talk to Ur Professor Like This Editorial: The Republican’s Guide to Presidential Behavior Frank Bruni: Donald Trump à la Mode Real Estate » Living In: Spuyten Duyvil, the Bronx: Crosscurrents of Suburb and City International Real Estate: House Hunting in … Como, Italy What You Get: $850,000 homes in Indiana, Louisiana and California The Upshot » The Cost of College: How Colleges Know What You Can Afford (and the Limits of That Tactic) The New Health Care: Why Marathons Are More Dangerous for Nearby Residents Than Runners If Americans Can Find North Korea on a Map, They’re More Likely to Prefer Diplomacy Magazine » Feature: A Pet Tortoise Who Will Outlive Us All Feature: When the Lab Rat Is a Snake The Health Issue: The Rooster Attacked Me — and Yet I Loved Him Automobiles » VW Engineers Wanted O.K. From the Top for Emissions Fraud, Documents Show Driven: Video Review: A Competition Puts S.U.V.s Through Their Paces Ford Moves to Trim Its Ranks as Its Chief Faces a Test T Magazine » India’s Lost Party Mansions By Design: In Praise of Splatter-Painted Floors The 10 Best Things We Saw at the Venice Biennale Times Insider » Picturing the First World War: Three Thousand Miles From the Western Front Who Gets to Pay $57.4 Million? Inside Art Auction Bidding Wars What We’re Reading Real Estate » What You Get $850,000 homes in Indiana, Louisiana and California By TIM McKEOUGH A cedar-and-glass house in Michigan City; an Acadian-style home in New Orleans; and a modernist retreat in Palm Springs.  Comments Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Mortgage Calculator Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
ON NEWSSTANDS 108 Mar/Apr 2017 The Sex Issue Music Style Culture Video share tweet Feed All Posts Featured Posts Trending Posts Magazine Events Shop Twitter facebook youtube instagram tumblr US US UK US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition Follow the Fader Press Enter to Search Music Style Culture Video Magazine Events Shop US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition music / Feature Meet Dre Moon, The Quiet Hitmaker Who Helped Future Find His Inner HNDRXX The Maryland-born producer is blessing Future (and others) with a lush, R&B-based signature sound. By Will Bundy Dre Moon   Photo courtesy of Dre Moon Dre Moon was 22 when he won his first Grammy. It was a surprise win for a songwriting credit he earned as part of the team behind Beyoncé’s “Drunk In Love.” At that point, Dre had been making music for half his life, but the win — and even the placement itself — came pretty early in his trajectory. Just a year and change earlier, in late 2012, he and his production team, The Order, started working with his mentor, Detail, in Miami. Under Detail’s wing, Moon left fingerprints on a handful of landmark records from the last half-decade, from Drizzy's Nothing Was the Same, to Future’s Honest, to Beyoncé. And for the last few years, he’s been in L.A., developing a signature sound that's built from lush, dreamy atmospheres, bright synths, and warped samples. Most recently, he’s parlayed his sharp pop instincts into a fruitful creative partnership with Future, helping supply the superstar with a steady stream of melody-driven, R&B-leaning canvases to paint on. On HNDRXX, Future digs into that stylistic vein as deeply as ever, with Dre soundtracking a pair of slow jams (“Solo” and “Hallucinating”) and a surprisingly sunny pop slapper called “Incredible.” On a Friday afternoon in L.A., just before taking a break from working on T-Pain’s latest, Dre hopped on the phone to break down his journey so far. ADVERTISEMENT What was growing up in Maryland like? Brandywine is a small town, close to the city, about 20 minutes from D.C. Growing up there was fun, I grew up at the end of the street in my neighborhood. A lot of kids around, we used to ride bikes. Active, outside stuff. We used to get down and dirty. But it was cool, because I still had access to technology there. When I got a computer, it was over. Is that how you got started making music? I made my first beat and song at 11. I got my first computer at 7, my mom got a Gateway. And I was going ham on the games online, on Shockwave. Then I started downloading music on Limewire and Kazaa, and then my boy gave me Fruity Loops, and it was over. Now, I can never separate from it. I use other things to get different elements, but I always bring it back to Fruity Loops. At the beginning, I was doing remixes—I think I started with a Snoop Dogg song. I started out making beats and they were terrible. My boy, his name was Patrick Chaney, he gave me all the programs. We used to do random freestyles to instrumentals we found online. It was trash music. We were talking about never smoking weed and being good kids (laughs). What kind of music did you grow up on? Did you connect to stuff from the DMV area? A lot of R&B. My mom would listen to the radio all the time—2Pac, Aaliyah, all the stuff Timbaland was doing, Ginuwine. They’re from Virginia, so I heard all the Virginia stuff, all the New York stuff. Go-go I liked, but one thing I didn’t like, was that the [audio] was low quality. It was dope, it was grimey, it felt basement, but the audio quality was never there, so I gravitated away from that. Do you remember the first things you listened to where you were personally really excited about them? The first CD I ever bought–I bought it from Walmart—was B.G.’s Heart of tha Streetz. I was like 13. But I remember, when I bought my first CD, I played it every single day. Actually, I gotta take that back. The Big Tymers album, Hood Rich, that shit changed my life. I was a Cash Money head, but I loved the Big Tymers. I liked them better than the Hot Boys. Probably because they picked the best beats. It was Birdman and Mannie’s group, so I assume they had first right of refusal. Dre Moon   Photo courtesy of Dre Moon So when did you move down to Florida? Right after high school, I moved to Tampa. I went to this school called the International Academy of Design and Technology. Basically a for-profit school—you know how those were sprouting up in the late 2000s—I went down there to learn how to engineer. I knew they couldn’t teach me how to make beats, but they could teach me how to get the quality level up. I dropped out after three months, though. ADVERTISEMENT How long was it between then and when you first started working with Detail? I went to school in 2009. That’s when I met my boys Brian Soko and Rasool Diaz, we formed a group called Track Squad. Funny-ass name, but we started going hard, you know? They were my randomly selected roommates. Three years later, in 2012, we started working with Detail under the name The Order. In September 2012, that’s when “No Worries” came out, and that was the first big play we had. After that, we moved to Miami, and the rest is history. We all moved out to L.A. in 2013, and started going in. So how did Detail find you? His manager and assistant, Andy Kabamba, was a mutual friend of one of my roommates. We found out he was working with Cash Money, so we let him know, "Yo we got some beats man, check ‘em out." We’d send him like five beats a day, every day. Eventually, he offered us an opportunity. It started with Birdman’s stuff. I don’t know if you’ve heard this track, but it was called “Every Day is Sunshine.” It was a song by Birdman and Fred Durst. When we came to Miami, Andy played me that song and told me, “You made Birdman’s album.” That’s when we knew it was a go. I got shitty drunk, I celebrated. Knowing that some of the first music I loved was Big Tymers, it was crazy to me that Birdman liked my shit. I cried. I go so drunk bro, I cried. Okay, so that was 2012. And you were working on the Beyoncé record and Nothing Was the Same within, what—a year of that? Yeah, right after that, I’d say April 2013, me and Detail went to Atlanta. That’s when I met Drake and we started working on that. When he heard “No Worries,” he was like, “Man, I need some shit with Detail.” So when we went out there and met him, we started working on all types of R&B shit. And then Beyoncé hearing Drake’s stuff is what got her fucking with Detail. It was like a domino effect. For the Drake record, he was doing all the sessions with everybody live in studio? Yeah, he had this studio in Mississauga called Metalworks. It’s actually a school. And he had the entire thing booked out and had everyone in there. The Weeknd was there, Boi-1da, T-Minus was there. Hit Boy came through, Wondagurl came through. 40 was there of course. His whole team, Majid Jordan, before he had any songs out. Nineteen85. Party was there. The whole camp was there, it was bigger than life. Was that the first time you felt like you were working on something that impactful? That was the first time I created in front of the person it was for. Drake would go room to room and just hear the vibes. He would actually build with us, like “Hey, make it like this.” That’s how I knew Drake was [more] than just an artist, he’s also a producer, but he doesn’t physically have to make anything. ADVERTISEMENT I worked on “305 to My City,” “Own It” and the second half of “Pound Cake.” You know, Drake wanted jazz elements, but he wanted a Southern feel. So when I was making “Paris Morton Music II,” he heard the piano super jazzy, and we just started going in off of that. I made that beat in like seven minutes. When you’re working on an album with an artist, you have to get in sync and really feel the vibe and the message they’re trying to get out into the world. Some people just make music to make music. With artists like that, it’s like painting a big ass picture. You gotta fit the actual mood. It’s like a chess game. Tell me about the “Drunk in Love” experience. It was crazy. We actually made the song in Miami. It was supposed to be Detail’s song, his debut single. It was a song called “Gold Rain.” We did it in Miami, at the Soleil Hotel. That was his song. Him doing vocals, same beat. But then Big Jon, the CEO at Warner/Chapel, heard it and thought it was crazy, and told us, “I think Beyoncé needs to hear this shit.” We busted out laughing, like “Ha, you’re funny.” This was when he had just signed us. So we just forgot about that. Fast forward two or three months later to Beyoncé requesting us to come to New York. So we go to New York, and that’s when we did the song “Jealous” for that album. It was at Jungle City Studios and I just remember seeing the Louis Vuitton walls, like this is crazy. That was the biggest shit I had seen in my life at the time. I had never seen any of these people, I just felt the energy. Jay was there, I saw The-Dream there. Swizz Beatz was there. Timbaland. Those dudes man? And Beyoncé was there of course. I didn’t even wanna see them. I stayed in the lounge, I was smoking. I was just vibing. I didn’t wanna see them and meet them and get off track. I’m the smallest fish in the pond at the time. I’m just like nah man, I just wanna keep working, I wanna make this shit. I’ll meet 'em later if it’s meant to be. Did your first Grammy come earlier than expected? Oh yeah, I definitely didn’t think I was gonna get one that year. I was rooting for the album, Beyoncé, to get Album of the Year, but even if the album won, I wouldn’t have gotten one. Producers get [Grammys] for album wins, but not the songwriters. But the song won. That year, they put all the hip-hop and R&B awards in the pre-show, but I was there at the show. I went on stage, but I didn’t say anything, I just grabbed the Grammy. It’s sitting six feet away from me right now. How did your contributions to HNDRXX come together? It felt like songs like “Incredible” pushed him into some less-explored territory. Was that something you wanted to do? Future loves R&B man. When I first started working with him, I would go to the studio and play him a bunch of trap beats, turn up shit, and he’d be like, “Nah man, I want you. I want you to open up a whole other lane. Let’s do something different.” So I never played him trap beats again. I started playing him R&B shit. We’ve been working for three or four years man. We have over 100 songs. He works like an animal, he’ll do like five songs a night. What does that selection process look like for the albums? Were there surprises there? No, because he told me what he wanted, and he picked the shit he told me he was going to pick. He doesn’t always select by himself though. These last two albums [FUTURE and HNDRXX], it was him, DJ Esco and Metro Boomin. Shout out to Metro, man. He’s big on picking the tracklist, which is very important. The album—the feel of that playlist—has to be cohesive. It’s always a nail-biter though, especially nowadays, the way music is released, it’s digital first. You can change a song in the last hour, you can change some shit on iTunes or Spotify. So it’s always last minute. It’s never official until it’s out. ADVERTISEMENT Were you juiced when you saw three Dre Moon tracks on the final tracklist? Man, it was lit. We were in Bel Air at the time, working on some T-Pain shit. We all just stopped for the day to celebrate. I was actually happy for Future honestly. I know it’s hard. Let’s say you do the best club music, or you’re known for a certain niche, and finally you get out some shit that you support and stand by, and everyone fucks with it, but it’s in a whole different lane? That transition can be hard. So I was just happy for that, that I could be a part of somebody blossoming into a whole other creature. It’s like a breath of fresh air. Listen to a playlist of Dre Moon essentials on Apple Music: Previous: Beat Construction: Beautiful Lou From The Collection: Beat Construction Next: Meet Jae5, The East London Genre Blender B... May 17, 2017 Dre Moon, Hip-Hop, R&B, Will Bundy Read full story Sign up for The FADER's daily newsletter. Trending music / News Eminem “Tested” Kendrick Lamar To See If He Had A Ghostwriter music / Video Cardi B And Offset Stunt Together In The New Video For “Lick” music / News Chris Rock Said Asking André 3000 For New Music Is Like “Telling Amber Rose About Her Curves” style / News Romper Memes Are Making The Internet A Better Place music / News Travis Scott Broke A Record By Performing “Goosebumps” 14 Times In A Row music / Feature Meet Dre Moon, The Quiet Hitmaker Who Helped Future Find His Inner HNDRXX Contact Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Fader Label Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube Tumblr Instagram Apple Music Soundcloud Spotify RSS Magazine 108 Mar/Apr 2017 The Sex Issue Subscribe Sign up for The FADER's daily newsletter. ©2017 The Fader, Inc. All rights reserved. Site By Wondersauce
Serving the city's law profession since 1854 Search for: Home Courts Assignments Court Call Search Opinions Rosters Calendar Public Notices 40 Under 40 Subscribe Posted May 17, 2017 2:46 PM Share  |  |  |  |  |  U.S., Walmart allege price-fixing on tuna By Martha Mendoza Associated Press writer BANGKOK — Executives of the most popular tuna brands in the U.S. — Chicken of the Sea, Bumble Bee and StarKist — conspired regularly to keep prices high for consumers with a taste for one of America’s favorite sandwich ingredients, according to criminal and civil court records updated this week. A typical can of tuna today costs about $1.50 and the U.S. Department of Justice says that price may be the result of price fixing by Thai, South Korean and U.S. seafood dealers, while major retailers are suing alleging they’ve been ripped off. The U.S. government began investigating criminal price fixing between the three companies more than two years ago. Together the companies supply about 80 percent of the $1.7 billion of canned tuna sold annually in the United States, according to the court records. Following up, Walmart and other top retailers filed civil lawsuits. Those cases were updated this week with an appendix first reported by Undercurrent News that singles out dozens of tuna executives, roping in some of the wealthiest businessmen in Thailand, where Chicken of the Sea’s parent company Thai Union is based. “Thai Union does not comment on ongoing legal matters,” the company said in a statement. The other firms did not respond immediately for requests for comment. The litigation describes regular telephone calls and meetings where “executives agreed that all three companies would collective raise prices.” They also agreed to “limit promotions and packaged tuna that undercut their published pricing,” according to court records. Thai Union’s president and CEO Thiraphong Chansiri, his father Kraisorn Chansiri and dozens of other Thai and American executives are now identified specifically in the ongoing case. Thai Union owns Chicken of the Sea, Red Lobster and U.S. Pet Nutrition, among other companies. In-Gu Park, acting president of South Korea-based Dongwon Enterprise, which owns StarKist, and Chris Lischewski, president and CEO of San Diego-based Bumble Bee also were named in the court records. Although fewer Americans eat tuna every year, it’s still a mainstay in most kitchens and the country’s favorite type of fish. Canned tuna was popularized during World War I, when it was a convenient protein for troops who returned home and continued to ask for it. Last week in the criminal case in San Francisco, Bumble Bee Foods said it would plead guilty to a felony charge of conspiring to fix the prices of canned and pouched tuna and pay a $25 million fine. The announcement came after two Bumble Bee executives, senior vice presidents Ken Worsham and Walter Scott Cameron, also pleaded guilty. They agreed to cooperate with authorities in the ongoing investigation, and face jail time and fines. The FBI and Justice Department said their investigation into packaged seafood is aimed at protecting consumers who deserve competitive prices. Send to friend Please enter email address.Please enter an email address. Click here to enter an extra message... Please enter some message text. 
 You May Also Like $4.7M jury verdict for negligence 7th Circuit pros tell what makes a standout brief Despite all the talk, independent Russia probe quite limited Lawyer loses reporter role in civil suit Corpse cremation case to test ‘willful and wanton’ standard Acting FBI chief contradicts Trump Abortion measure passes, put on hold Judge nixes bid to force woman into arbitration Latest listings from Jobs.LawBulletin.com Attorneys - Associate Legal Secretaries - Legal Assistant Wheaton, IL Legal Secretaries - Legal Secretary Attorneys - Associate Plaintiffâs Personal Injury / Workerâs Compensation Legal Secretaries - Legal Secretary Attorneys - LITIGATOR - CHICAGO HOUSING AUTHORITY Attorneys - TRIAL ATTORNEY Miscellaneous - Medical Transcriber (work-from-home) Accountants - Assistance to the office manager Attorneys - Attorney Attorneys - Associate Wheaton, IL Attorneys - Associate Paralegals - Paralegal Legal Secretaries - Legal Assistant Position Western Suburbs Attorneys - Indiana Licensed Attorneys Legal Administrators - Administrative Professional Legal Secretaries - Legal Secretary Paralegals - Paralegal/ Administrative Assistant Legal Secretaries - Legal Administrative Assistant - Chicago NW Side Accountants - Bookkeeper - Glendale Heights, IL Attorneys - Chicago Northwest Realty - looking to hire an attorney Legal Administrators - Legal Administrative Assistant - Chicago NW Side Attorneys - Labor/ Employment Attorney Legal Administrators - Legal Assistant Position Western Suburbs Attorneys - Associate Legal Secretaries - Two immediate positions available Legal Secretary Office Space - Office Space Des Plaines, IL Office Space - 1016 West Jackson Inspire Business Center Office Space - 33 NORTH DEARBORN- First month rent free Attorneys - LITIGATION ATTORNEY Legal Secretaries - Legal Secretary/ Assistant Legal Secretaries - LEGAL SECRETARIES- Post Your Resume, Legal Employment eblast, Job Alerts Legal Secretaries - Litigation Secretary Paralegals - Corporate Paralegal to $90K Legal Secretaries - Corporate Transactional Secretary Resources Advanced Search Awards Contact Us Email Opt Out 40 Under 40 Jobs Law Bulletin Anniversary Law Day Logon Help Newsstands RSS Subscribe Subscriber Terms Privacy Policy Site Map Handheld Site Products Law Bulletin Publishing Co AccessPlus JuraLaw Sullivan's Law Directory CourtBriefs Jury Verdict New Suits Law Bulletin Seminars ©2017 by Law Bulletin Publishing Company. Content on this site is protected by the copyright laws of the United States. The copyright laws prohibit any copying, redistributing, or retransmitting of any copyright-protected material. The content is NOT WARRANTED as to quality, accuracy or completeness, but is believed to be accurate at the time of compilation. Websites for other organizations are referenced at this site; however, the Law Bulletin does not endorse or imply endorsement as to the content of these websites. By using this site you agree to the Terms, Conditions and Disclaimer. Law Bulletin Publishing Company values its customers and has a Privacy Policy for users of this website.
Obituaries Penn State Football Sports Buy & Sell 71° Full Menu 71° Home E-Edition Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Subscribe About Us News Local Penn State Sandusky Scandal Communities Crime Business Education Politics Public Records State Nation/World Weird News Sports Sports College Golf High School MLB Motorsports NFL NHL Outdoors Penn State State College Spikes Politics Politics Elections Penn State Sports PSU Sports PSU Football PSU Basketball PSU Baseball PSU Hockey PSU Soccer PSU Volleyball PSU Wrestling Nittany Lines Blog Penn State Football Living Living Announcements Family Pages Living Here Guide Home & Garden Entertainment Entertainment Weekender Comics Games & Puzzles Celebrities Horoscopes Movie News & Reviews Music TV Opinion Opinion Editorial Cartoons Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Place An Ad Crime May 17, 2017 4:33 PM Additional charges filed in robbery conspiracy case By Jeremy Hartley jhartley@centredaily.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Two more individuals have been charged in a case involving an alleged attempted robbery early Tuesday in the State College borough. According to prior reports, officers were contacted at about 3 a.m. Tuesday for a reported burglary. The caller claimed he had been confronted by men wearing bandanas covering their faces. Police later picked up Brett M. Altamura, 20, and Benjamin F. Kelly, 18, both of State College, who were reportedly identified by police as the masked assailants. When interviewed, Altamura allegedly claimed the incident was conceived between himself, Kelly and the two individuals who had been with the caller earlier in the evening. Both had been discovered with BB guns, knives and other paraphernalia, police said. The caller initially reported to police that he had been picked up by Anthony L. Mittelman, 18, and Tyler N. Hockman, 17, both of State College, at his house, police said. They then drove to a North Atherton Street convenience store for food before dropping the caller off at his house where the alleged incident occurred. After Altamura and Kelly were taken into custody, police said, officers received a tip that Mittelman and Hockman might be at Hockman’s residence and involved in drug activity. Officers contacted both of them at Hockman’s residence and a search ensued. The search revealed opened Wal-Mart packaging including a side holster, BB guns and shotgun shells, police said. Dismantled fireworks, “piles of gunpowder and makeshift fireworks” and drug paraphernalia were also reportedly found. Hockman allegedly admitted to texting the caller to set up a drug deal, police said. After dropping off Altamura and Kelly, he and Mittelman reportedly picked up the caller at his South Burrowes Street residence. Mittelman also allegedly admitted to being involved in the incident, police said, saying he, Hockman, Kelly and Altamura planned on “taking down” the caller. He reported that the caller had taken marijuana from Kelly and they wanted “to get even” with him. Mittelman also reportedly told offices he had stolen a BB gun, machete and other items from Wal-Mart and returned to Hockman’s residence to assemble the guns and “prepare,” police said. After dropping off Altamura and Kelly along South Pugh Street, he allegedly told police, they picked up the caller. He said he was unsure of what happened after they dropped the caller off, police said. Mittelman and Hockman were arraigned Tuesday before District Judge Steven Lachman, according to court documents. Both were charged with one felony count of conspiracy to commit robbery, while Hockman faces misdemeanor drug paraphernalia charges and Mittelman was charged with a summary count of retail theft. Court administration confirmed Hockman has been charged as an adult. Straight monetary bail was set at $75,000 for Mittelman and $25,000 for Hockman, court documents said. Preliminary hearings are slated for May 24. Jeremy Hartley: 814-231-4616, @JJHartleyNews LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 13 days ago No parent should have to go through this, Jim Piazza says 3:47 13 days ago No parent should have to go through this, Jim Piazza says 1:34 22 days ago Suspect stretches outside before robbing Dunkin' Donuts 1:19 2 months ago Centre County DA discusses rape charges against dentist View More Video Crime A man pointed a compound bow and arrow at state troopers. They stopped him with Tasers Bellefonte man arrested for allegedly selling heroin Houtzdale man facing drug charges asks for lower bail Frenchville woman accused of causing ATV crash to have psychiatric evaluation Boggs Township man’s sentence upheld by Pennsylvania Superior Court Crime Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Switch to the mobile version of this page. Username / View Profile / Edit Profile / Log Out Log in / Create Account SEARCH GAMBIT SITE News Events Music Film Food & Drink Living Shopping Classifieds FREE + FUN Gambit Tickets ADVERTISE Browse News Digital Edition of Gambit News Home The Latest The Count Clancy DuBos Blake Pontchartrain Gambit Commentary I-10: News on the move Thumbs Up/Thumbs Down Gambit Past Issue Search Browse Events Events Features Events Calendar Stage Previews and Reviews Stage Calendar Art Previews and Reviews Art Listings Book Events Browse Music Music Home Music Calendar Browse Food & Drink Food & Drink Home Restaurant Reviews Food News Five in Five Beer Buzz Wine of the Week Restaurant Guide Bar Search Browse Living Health & Wellness Home and Design New Orleans Weddings Party Planning Guide New Orleans Kids Browse Shopping CUE Magazine What's in Store Fashion to Follow Fashion and Beauty Shopping News Shopping Guides Browse Classifieds Weekly Classifieds in Gambit Employment Real Estate More Classifieds Browse FREE + FUN Contests and Giveaways Gambit Goods Gambit's 21 Guide Best of New Orleans 2016 Browse Film Special Film Screenings Film Home Movie Times Browse Notices Public Notices Clerk of Court: Jefferson Parish LPA Statewide Public Notices The Latest Archives | RSS Tweet Pin It Email Favorite Saving… Share Wednesday, May 17, 2017 Baton Rouge / Economy / LGBT Bills on minimum wage, LGBT non-discrimination move to full state Senate for consideration Posted By Caitie Burkes, Manship School News Service on Wed, May 17, 2017 at 2:35 PM click to enlarge PHOTO BY CAITIE BURKES State Sen. Troy Carter, D-New Orleans, author of Senate Bill 153, which would increase the state minimum wage to $8.50 by 2019, and Senate Bill 155, which would enact a non-discrimination act for Louisiana employees. The Senate Committee on Labor and Industrial Relations on Wednesday favorably moved two bills by Sen. Troy Carter, D-New Orleans — one to increase the state’s minimum wage to $8.50 an hour by 2019 and the other to enact a non-discrimination policy for Louisiana employees who identify as LGBT. Senate Bill 153, which was approved for full Senate debate on a 4-2 vote, would increase the state’s minimum wage from the federal minimum hourly wage of $7.25 to $8 an hour starting Jan. 1, 2018, and $8.50 beginning Jan. 1, 2019. Senate Bill 155 carried 3-1, with committee chairman Neil Riser opposing. It would enact the Louisiana Employment Non-Discrimination Act, which would add language to existing law prohibiting discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation, gender identity, or expression. Carter said the minimum wage has not been increased since 2009, though the cost of goods has continued to rise — some by as much as 35 percent. In a statement, Gov. John Bel Edwards expressed his support for the measure: “If we say that family values are critical to our way of life here in Louisiana, it’s time to start valuing the hardworking families who contribute a great deal to our communities.” State Sen. Wesley Bishop, D-New Orleans, said he wished more legislators had the “cojones” to pass the minimum wage bill, which he said “takes a wrong turn” every session it is brought up. “The vast majority of individuals who live here know that this is the right thing to do,” Bishop said, citing a Louisiana Budget Project survey that found 70 percent of Louisianans support a higher state minimum wage. (Louisiana is one of five states that has no minimum wage law, instead following federal guidelines.) Related The fight for $15 an hour in New Orleans The fight for $15 an hour in New Orleans A march and protest in New Orleans demanding a $15 minimum wage joins a growing chorus among U.S. workers. By Alex Woodward The Latest Jan Moller, director of the Louisiana Budget Project, said 42 percent of Louisiana households struggle to meet a “survival budget.” He reported only 10 percent of minimum wage workers are teenagers, two-thirds are women and half are African-American. “We have a crisis in Louisiana — a crisis of systemic poverty,” said former Rep. Melissa Flournoy, who chairs Louisiana Progress Action and spoke in support of the bill. While Sen. Regina Barrow, D-Baton Rouge, lamented that moving from $7.25 to $8 “really just isn’t enough,” Sen. Barrow Peacock, R-Bossier City, fumed at a bill supporter who attacked Walmart for not providing its employees a living wage. “I can’t believe you would single out a corporate company that is very generous,” Peacock said, arguing Walmart is the biggest contributor to the Louisiana Food Bank. Peacock voted against a favorable send to the Senate floor. Louisiana Association of Business and Industry head Jim Patterson argued the minimum wage is an “entry-level starting wage” and is not intended to be a “living wage.” Similarly, Dawn Starns of the National Federation of Independent Businesses said it is never a good time to increase the cost of doing business, which she said is what the minimum wage increase implies. In his closing, Carter chided opponents who said his legislation might cripple the “American system” of free-market capitalism. “Our ‘American system’ was to build our country on free labor,” Carter said. “We don’t call it slavery anymore, but we might as well.” Senate Bill 155 was a much quicker debate, with Dylan Waguespack from Louisiana Trans Advocates testifying on behalf of the proposed act. Waguespack, who is transgender and works in the Capitol, said he had to decide whether he should come out to the lawmakers he saw on a regular basis. “Nobody should have to leave in fear of being fired because of who they love or who they are,” said Sarah Jane Guidry, director of the Forum for Equality. Speaking in opposition, Will Hall argued Carter’s bill did not fit existing law because the U.S. Supreme Court determined sexual orientation was an “immutable characteristic.”  Related N.O. Council passes 'living wage' law: City contract workers to get $10.55 per hour N.O. Council passes 'living wage' law City contract workers to get $10.55 per hour By Alex Woodward I-10: News on the move Tags: Louisiana Budget Project, Louisiana Progress Action, Forum for Equality, Louisiana Trans Advocates, Louisiana Association of Business and Industry, Image Tweet Pin It Email Favorite Saving… Share Related Stories The fight for $15 an hour in New Orleans A march and protest in New Orleans demanding a $15 minimum wage joins a growing chorus among U.S. workers. by Alex Woodward Nov 30, 2016 N.O. Council passes 'living wage' law City contract workers to get $10.55 per hour by Alex Woodward Aug 10, 2015 « Living with anxiety: Seven young pe…  |  Review: The Spider Queen » Speaking of... Louisiana's "Pastor Protection Act" gets committee support Apr 12, 2016 Carville blasts Vitter ad, ties him to Jindal via LABI Nov 1, 2015 Same-sex marriage "Decision Day" rally planned in Jackson Square Jun 17, 2015 More » Comments Subscribe to this thread: By Email Subscribing… With RSS Comment Add a comment Subscribe to this thread Calendar Events Music Movies Dining Bars -All Dates- Thursday, May 18 Friday, May 19 Saturday, May 20 Sunday, May 21 Monday, May 22 Tuesday, May 23 Wednesday, May 24 Thursday, May 25 Friday, May 26 Saturday, May 27 Sunday, May 28 Monday, May 29 Tuesday, May 30 Wednesday, May 31 Thursday, June 1 Friday, June 2 Saturday, June 3 Sunday, June 4 Monday, June 5 Tuesday, June 6 Wednesday, June 7 Thursday, June 8 Friday, June 9 Saturday, June 10 Sunday, June 11 Monday, June 12 Tuesday, June 13 Wednesday, June 14 Thursday, June 15 Friday, June 16 Saturday, June 17 -All Categories- EVENTS CALENDAR  Events  Family and Kids  Farmers Markets  Festivals  Dance and Fitness  Food and Drink  Fundraisers and Galas  Discussions, Lectures and Workshops  Sports  Words  Volunteers Needed  Health and Wellness  Fourth of July  Easter  Gardening and Outdoors  Business and Networking FILM  Film Festivals  Now Showing  Special Screenings  Call for Filmmakers STAGE  Theater & Cabaret  Family  Burlesque & Variety  Dance  Opera  Comedy  Auditions  Call for Theater ART  Happenings  Opening  Galleries  Spare Spaces  Museums  Call for Artists -All Neighborhoods- ORLEANS   Bywater   Carrollton/Riverbend/University   Central Business District   Central City   Citywide   Faubourg Marigny   French Quarter   Gentilly   Lakeview   Lower Ninth Ward   Mid-City   New Orleans East   Seventh Ward/St. Roch   Treme   Uptown   Warehouse District JEFFERSON (EASTBANK)   Harahan   Jefferson   Kenner   Metairie   River Ridge WESTBANK   Belle Chasse   Gretna   West Bank   Westwego ST. TAMMANY   Abita Springs   Covington   Hammond   Madisonville   Mandeville   More Northshore   Slidell OUTSKIRTS   Outskirts   St. Bernard Parish Submit an event Jump to date -All Dates- Thursday, May 18 Friday, May 19 Saturday, May 20 Sunday, May 21 Monday, May 22 Tuesday, May 23 Wednesday, May 24 Thursday, May 25 Friday, May 26 Saturday, May 27 Sunday, May 28 Monday, May 29 Tuesday, May 30 Wednesday, May 31 Thursday, June 1 Friday, June 2 Saturday, June 3 Sunday, June 4 Monday, June 5 Tuesday, June 6 Wednesday, June 7 Thursday, June 8 Friday, June 9 Saturday, June 10 Sunday, June 11 Monday, June 12 Tuesday, June 13 Wednesday, June 14 Thursday, June 15 Friday, June 16 Saturday, June 17 -All Categories- Auditions Bluegrass Blues Cajun/Zydeco Call for music Classical/Concerts Country/Folk DJs/Dance Electronic Funk General Jazz Karaoke Latin Metal Open mic Other Pop Punk R&B/Soul Rap/Hip-Hop/Bounce Rock Singer/songwriter -All Neighborhoods- ORLEANS   Bywater   Carrollton/Riverbend/University   Central Business District   Central City   Citywide   Faubourg Marigny   French Quarter   Gentilly   Lakeview   Lower Ninth Ward   Mid-City   New Orleans East   Seventh Ward/St. Roch   Treme   Uptown   Warehouse District JEFFERSON (EASTBANK)   Harahan   Jefferson   Kenner   Metairie   River Ridge WESTBANK   Belle Chasse   Gretna   West Bank   Westwego ST. TAMMANY   Abita Springs   Covington   Hammond   Madisonville   Mandeville   More Northshore   Slidell OUTSKIRTS   Outskirts   St. Bernard Parish Submit an event Select a movie After the Storm Alien: Covenant Alien: Covenant -- The IMAX 2D Experience Baahubali 2: The Conclusion Beauty and the Beast Born in China The Boss Baby The Case for Christ The Circle Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Long Haul The Dinner Everything, Everything The Fate of the Furious Frantz Get Out Gifted God Knows Where I Am Going in Style Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 3D Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2: An IMAX 3D Experience The Happiest Day in the Life of Olli Mäki How to Be a Latin Lover King Arthur: Legend of the Sword King Arthur: Legend of the Sword 3D Kong: Skull Island Logan The Lost City of Z Mother's Day My Entire High School Sinking Into the Sea The Promise Sleight Smurfs: The Lost Village Smurfs: The Lost Village 3D Snatched Tiny Giants 3D Unforgettable Violet The Wall The Zookeeper's Wife or Select a location ORLEANS   Bywater   Carrollton/Riverbend/University   Central Business District   Central City   Citywide   Faubourg Marigny   French Quarter   Gentilly   Lakeview   Lower Ninth Ward   Mid-City   New Orleans East   Seventh Ward/St. Roch   Treme   Uptown   Warehouse District JEFFERSON (EASTBANK)   Harahan   Jefferson   Kenner   Metairie   River Ridge WESTBANK   Belle Chasse   Gretna   West Bank   Westwego ST. TAMMANY   Abita Springs   Covington   Hammond   Madisonville   Mandeville   More Northshore   Slidell OUTSKIRTS   Outskirts   St. Bernard Parish -All Categories- African American American Contemporary Bar & Grill Barbecue Belgian Breakfast & Brunch Cafe Cajun Caribbean Chinese Coffee & Dessert Creole Deli Diner French General Fare Gourmet to Go Greek Indian Intercontinental Italian Japanese Latin American Louisiana Contemporary Mediterranean Mexican & Southwest Middle Eastern Neighborhood Panasian Pizza Restaurants: Burgers Sandwiches & Po-boys Seafood Soul Steakhouse Tapas Thai Vegetarian & Health Vietnamese -All Neighborhoods- ORLEANS   Bywater   Carrollton/Riverbend/University   Central Business District   Central City   Citywide   Faubourg Marigny   French Quarter   Gentilly   Lakeview   Lower Ninth Ward   Mid-City   New Orleans East   Seventh Ward/St. Roch   Treme   Uptown   Warehouse District JEFFERSON (EASTBANK)   Harahan   Jefferson   Kenner   Metairie   River Ridge WESTBANK   Belle Chasse   Gretna   West Bank   Westwego ST. TAMMANY   Abita Springs   Covington   Hammond   Madisonville   Mandeville   More Northshore   Slidell OUTSKIRTS   Outskirts   St. Bernard Parish -All Neighborhoods- ORLEANS   Bywater   Carrollton/Riverbend/University   Central Business District   Central City   Citywide   Faubourg Marigny   French Quarter   Gentilly   Lakeview   Lower Ninth Ward   Mid-City   New Orleans East   Seventh Ward/St. Roch   Treme   Uptown   Warehouse District JEFFERSON (EASTBANK)   Harahan   Jefferson   Kenner   Metairie   River Ridge WESTBANK   Belle Chasse   Gretna   West Bank   Westwego ST. TAMMANY   Abita Springs   Covington   Hammond   Madisonville   Mandeville   More Northshore   Slidell OUTSKIRTS   Outskirts   St. Bernard Parish Latest in The Latest Bill to end death penalty in Louisiana killed in House committee Although 242 people have been sentenced to death in Louisiana during the “modern era” of the death penalty, which began in 1977, the state has executed just 28 of those inmates. by Della Hasselle May 17, 2017 Report: Dennis Quaid to play George W. Bush in Katrina: American Crime Story Previous cast announcements have included Annette Bening as former Gov. Kathleen Blanco and Matthew Broderick as hapless FEMA head Michael "Brownie" Brown. by Kevin Allman May 17, 2017 More » More by Caitie Burkes, Manship School News Service Scat, CAT: Gov. Edwards' controversial tax proposal effectively killed in House Opposition by House Republicans and business interests scuttled the plan. by Caitie Burkes, Manship School News Service Apr 25, 2017 Proposed changes for Louisiana animal shelters move to the full state Senate The bill also would provide for animal shelter operating procedures and training requirements. by Caitie Burkes, Manship School News Service Apr 18, 2017 BESE accepts updated content standards on evolution, climate change “If you really embrace the idea that we teach the controversy, why isn’t it reflected in the proposed standards?" asked State Rep. Beryl Amadee, R-Houma. by Caitie Burkes, Manship School News Service Mar 7, 2017 More » About Gambit Restaurant Guide Form Current Issue of Gambit Public Notices E-Newsletter Home Delivery Ad Info & Rates National Advertising About Us Submit an event Careers at Gambit Archives Contact RSS Coming to New Orleans? Art Events Film Music Restaurants Privacy Statement | Terms of Use © 2017 Gambit Powered by Foundation
TRENDING CES 2017 MicroCap Donald Trump MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations Navigate Zennie62 Personalities, Zennie Abraham Forward Looking Statements Disclaimer YT Comic Con Oscars ATL CHI CLV DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe KIV LA LV BH LON NFL Oakland Obama NYC MIA Phil SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ad Rates LOG Live FLS Amazon announces new $50 Fire 7 and $80 Fire HD 8 tablets, with kids models for both – Android Police Posted on May 17 2017 - 10:51am by Zennie Abraham Categorized as tech 30 Related The five big announcements from Google I/O – BBC News Android Police Back in 2015, Amazon released its cheapest tablet yet – the ‘Fire tablet’ for just $50 (with lock-screen ads). It was actually pretty good for the price, unlike the generic KitKat tablets you see in the bargain bin at Walmart or Target. There’s still a … Amazon refreshes Fire tablet lineup, cuts price of Fire HD 8AppleInsider (press release) (blog) Amazon Refreshes Cheapest Tablets, Drops Price on Fire HD 8Bloomberg Amazon refreshes Fire tablets with modest upgradeUSA TODAY Washington Post –Laptop Mag –PCMag –Chicago Tribune all 126 news articles …read more Source:: Tech News By Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Cleveland - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - SF Events San Francisco - Tom Teicholz - Microcap Stock News Blog - World News Media Network - Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Join Our Email List Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Zennie62 on YouTube Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Click For The Vrypac Backpack Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube Cavs Over Celtics, NFL Oakland Raiders Update, Robert Muller On Russia As Robert Muller Named Special Counsel For Russia, Trump Says No Collusion In Statement Oakland Raiders Las Vegas NFL Stadium Seeks Sub-Contractors Says CMD Website President Trump Using Boeing C-32 757 As Air Force One Today Proposed Right To Remove Law For Social Media A Good Idea Warriors 136 Spurs 100 - Will Golden State Sweep San Antonio? Livestream Oakland Raiders Las Vegas NFL Lease 1st Doc Done, 11 Not - 2020 Opening Iffy Comey Memo Says Trump Asked Him To End Flynn Investigation Boston Celtics Beat Washington Wizards 115-105, Play Cleveland Wednesday NBA Playoffs ECF Boston Celtics Beat Washington Wizards 115-105, Play Cleveland Wednesday NBA Playoffs ECF Atlanta Falcons Waive Garrett Scantling NFL News, Oakland Raiders Las Vegas Questions http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62 AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Go to DASHBOARD > Appearance > Menus to set up the menu. Recent Comments labman57 on Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege – Miss USA 2017 – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Rod Harrell on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Zennie Abraham on Mayor Schaaf Announces Plan To Take Oakland Raiders By Eminent Domain (LS) – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Did Oakland Raiders Owner Mark Davis Lie About Coliseum Lease, Las Vegas Decision, At NFL Meeting? – @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Open
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 65° Mostly clear High: 78° | Low: 62° Ten Day ForecastWeather Alert Home News More in News Local & State Maine Crime Lost: A special report Nation & World Politics More in Politics Politics Gov. LePage Sports More in Sports High School Sports Varsity Maine Awards Red Sox College Sea Dogs Maine Red Claws Outdoors Community More in Community Celebrations Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Source Food Books Things to Do MaineToday.com Sudoku Crossword Real Estate More in Real Estate Home of the Week Design Local Offers More in Local Offers test Obituaries Jobs Auto More in Auto New Cars Index Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers News Posted Yesterday at 3:43 PM Updated May 17 increase font size Hundreds walk at Togus to raise awareness of homeless veterans The VA2K Walk & Roll event included a 1.2 mile walk and dunk tank, and many participants donated money or household items, which will help homeless veterans across the country. By Jason PafundiStaff Writer Follow on Twitter Email Writer 207-621-5663 Share Comment Read Article 1 of 4 A group of employees from the community care team wave to the cameras at start of the 7th Annual VA2K Walk & Roll event at the VA Maine Healthcare Systems-Togus on Wednesday. Staff photo by Joe Phelan CHELSEA — Hundreds of people took part in a walk to promote wellness and raise awareness of homeless veterans in Maine Wednesday afternoon. The seventh annual VA2K Walk & Roll, on the grounds of the VA Maine Healthcare Systems-Togus campus, included the 1.2-mile walk, a dunk tank, BBQ, health fair, Zumba, chair yoga and other health and fitness-related activities. Related Headlines Togus to host charity walk Wednesday to benefit homeless veterans Groundbreaking set for Friday for homeless veterans housing at Togus Togus executive director Ryan Lilly — wearing sunglasses, a button-down shirt, slacks and running shoes — said raising awareness is such an important step in trying to solve the homeless veteran problem. But it isn’t without challenges and there are questions that need answers. “How do we inform people that need to know what resources are available and how do we connect ourselves to the patients that need it?” he said. “We’ve made a lot of progress, and there are a tremendous number of groups that want to help.” During the event’s opening ceremony, Lilly told the crowd that a single homeless veteran is “one too many” and there is significant progress being made to end veteran homelessness around the state. “This is not a problem the VA will solve itself, because it’s too big for us,” he said. “We knew we needed outside partners and groups, and we’ve had so many help us.” Participants were encouraged by event organizers to bring household kitchen items that will be given to homeless veterans, and by noon, the donations were piled high near the event sign-up table, and there was a bus full of items courtesy of MIKA fitness in Manchester. Owner Rebecca Pushard said it’s an important cause and she wanted to continue providing as much support and help to homeless veterans as she could. She spent about $300 of her own money at Wal-Mart and Dollar Tree on items including soap, plates, napkins, cups and other household items, and a MIKA bus was filled with bags of donated items from people in the community. “Two years ago, we set a goal to collect 100 items, but we collect 1,400 items in less than four days,” Pushard said. “I know a lot of people, so I just used my connections and used my voice to get people to take part in the event or just donate items.” Continuing with the day’s theme of raising awareness, Pushard said she came across many people who never heard of the VA2K event, despite this being its seventh year. She had the opportunity to educate people about the program and the cause, which only helped get more people involved. “I was able to spread the message of what this is all for,” she said. “Our mission was to collect a little bit of everything, because just think about how you’d feel if you didn’t have those things.” Walkers traversed a 1.2 mile-route around the sprawling campus, including passing the site of the new Cabin in the Woods facility, which will include 21 units for homeless veterans and their families. The organization in charge of that project scheduled a groundbreaking ceremony at the site for Friday morning. Debra O’Brien, a Navy veteran and medical support assistant in the VA Community Care department, walked with about 20 colleagues and said the nice weather and the good cause made it an enjoyable stroll. To her, raising awareness and getting rid of the stigma around homelessness is key to solving the problem. “I had no idea how many homeless veterans there were until I started working here,” she said. “I think people believe someone’s homeless because they’re lazy or trying to live off someone else, so you have to get rid of that stigma. This is near-and-dear to our hearts, and it’s fun to get out and walk as a team.” O’Brien said more events like the VA2K walk is a way to keep getting people informed about the homeless veteran problem. Last year, nearly 25,000 VA employees across the country participated in the VA2K event, which raised close to $385,000 in goods and money to help homeless veterans. Lilly said despite a divisive national political climate, helping veterans has been able to stay clear of that divide and remain a non-partisan issue. “It’s an issue that Democrats and Republicans have historically rallied around, so we’re lucky in that way,” he said. As the people continued to come out of Togus buildings and walk the route, taking a chance at the dunk tank and enjoy a cheeseburger or hot dog, veterans mingled with volunteers and staff and showed appreciation for the event. Floyd Junkins, a former homeless Army veteran, walked around taking pictures of the participants, the volunteers and even Mrs. Maine America, Cynthia Peters. Junkins said there’s still a long way to go to end veteran homelessness, but events like these are important steps. “We’re not there yet, but a few years ago, I was living in the back of my car, so we’ve all come a long way,” he said. Jason Pafundi — 621-5663 [email protected] Twitter: @jasonpafundiKJ Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Recent Read Shared Local roundup: Gardiner girls lacrosse slips past Erskine Voters in towns OK $17.2 million Maranacook schools budget Local roundup: Madison softball upends Lisbon in MVC showdown Rally in seventh inning lifts Monmouth baseball to victory over rival Hall-Dale Record heat, with high ozone, expected Thursday in Maine Portland woman, 80, dead in car rollover on I-95 in Benton Vassalboro boy, 5, dies after falling out of canoe in Outlet Stream Benton school not at risk as standoff with reportedly suicidal man ends peacefully Vassalboro boy who died in canoe accident recalled as 'knight in shining armor' Little known about accident that claimed life of Wayne teenager Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret Feedback from Hallowell residents key to Fire Department vote Eagle sickened after feeding on dead animal Boston casting company coming to Augusta looking for hikers, hunters Vassalboro boy, 5, dies after falling out of canoe in Outlet Stream Kennebec Journal KJ Morning Sentinel MS BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE Kennebec Journal Subscriptions Morning Sentinel Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Site Feedback Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a photo CONNECT e-Editions Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Special Sections Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Opinion Sports Obituaries NETWORK About MaineToday Portland Press Herald MaineToday.com Career Opportunities © 2017 MaineToday Media
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2017 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article Report: Apple Prepping MacBook Updates for WWDC What this means for AAPL stock Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article 6 Reasons Why Women Are Struggling to Buy a Home A look at what's causing this gap My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Target's profit tops as turnaround efforts pay off, shares jump May 17, 2017, 07:52:00 AM EDT By Reuters Reuters UPDATE 2-Target's profit tops as turnaround efforts pay off, shares jump 
* Q1 comp sales down 1.3 pct vs. est. 3.6 pct drop
    * Adj. profit of $1.21/shr vs. est. $0.91/shr
    * Shares up 8.4 pct at $59.10 premarket

 (Adds details, updates shares)
    May 17 (Reuters) - Target Corp <TGT.N> reported
higher-than-expected quarterly profit and sales as some of its
turnaround initiatives, including revamping stores and increased
promotions, paid off.
    The company's shares rose 8.4 percent in premarket trading
on Wednesday, bringing some cheer to the retail sector, which
has been hurt by weak performances from department store chains
last week.
    Target said in February it would undertake "aggressive
promotional activities", revamp stores and invest in new brands
and technology to combat competition from Wal-Mart Stores Inc
<WMT.N> and Amazon.com Inc <AMZN.O>. [nL3N1GD458]
    "We have started seeing improvement in store standards,
including in-stocks, general tidiness and the front-end register
experience as well as price investment," Jefferies analyst
Daniel Binder said in a pre-earnings client note.
    Sales at Target stores open at least a year fell 1.3
percent, better than the 3.6 percent decline expected by
analysts polled by research firm Consensus Metrix.
    The company said these sales fell due to a drop in customer
visits and as shoppers bought fewer items on average.
    This was partially offset by a rise in demand for swimwear,
electronics such as the Nintendo Switch gaming console, and also
products created in collaboration with celebrities such as
Victoria Beckham.
    The price war among U.S. big-box retailers is intensifying,
with Wal-Mart and German grocery chain Aldi Inc taking actions
such as changing prices frequently and forcing suppliers to
reduce prices. [nL2N1GC03L] [nL1N1ID072]
    Target's net income rose to $681 million, or $1.23 per
share, in the first quarter ended April 29, from $632 million,
or $1.05 per share, a year earlier. [nBw8CyRPra]
    The retailer had recorded a $261 million charge related to
the early retirement of debt in the year-earlier period.
    Excluding items, Target earned a profit of $1.21 per share.
    Revenue fell 1.1 percent to $16.02 billion.
    Analysts on average had expected earnings of 91 cents per
share on revenue of $15.62 billion, according to Thomson Reuters
I/B/E/S.
    Target also said the higher-than-expected performance in the
first quarter increased the probability of its full-year results
coming in above the midpoint of its previous forecast.
    It had forecast a low-single digit decline in comparable
sales and adjusted earnings of $3.80-$4.20 per share for the
year ending January 2018.


 (Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by
Martina D'Couto)
 ((sruthi.ramakrishnan@thomsonreuters.com; Within U.S.+1 646 223
8780, outside U.S. +91 80 6749 1130; Reuters Messaging:
sruthi.ramakrishnan.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net))

Keywords: TARGET CORP RESULTS/ (UPDATE 2)
 This article appears in: Stocks , Politics Referenced Symbols: AMZN , TGT , WMT More from Reuters Subscribe Amazon.com, Inc. (Nasdaq: AMZN) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Opening Bell NXP and Amazon Work Together to Bring More Alexa Experiences to the Smart Home Related stocks Articles Subscribe JD.com: Why This Hedge Fund Manager is Still Bearish 5/18/2017 01:56 AM Watch Out Samsung: South Korea Appoints 'Chaebol Sniper' 5/18/2017 01:34 AM Politics Catches Up 5/18/2017 01:13 AM See headlines for AMZN Follow on: Most Popular Highest Rated Sapiens Reports Q1 2017 Financial Results Fiat Chrysler recalls 1.25 million trucks over software error Amazon.com, Inc. (Nasdaq: AMZN) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Northern Dynasty: Pebble Partnership achieves settlement with US S.Korea orders Hyundai, Kia to recall vehicles after whistleblower NERETA to Host National Summit on June 14 and 15, 2017 that is Aimed... Northern Dynasty: Pebble Partnership achieves settlement with US... Can The Uptrend Continue for YY (YY)? Markley and Cray Partner to Provide Supercomputing as a Service Nature’s Sunshine Products Receives Direct Selling License in China View All Highest Rated Research Brokers before you trade Compare Online Brokers Want to trade FX? Visit our Forex Broker Center  Stocks Referenced AMZN 83% Rate It TGT 85% Rate It WMT 71% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us. CLOSEX
Log in RSS Comments e-book Top Posts & Pages Mendocino County Today: Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Subscribe to theAVA.com Mendocino County Today: Wednesday, May 17, 2017 Scandal Of The Week Alex Osorio, Requiescat in Pace Mendocino County Today: Monday, May 15, 2017 Reynolds Sentencing Heats Up Gagging Hare Creek Valley People (May 10, 2017) Home Essays Mendocino County Features Mendocino County Today Events & Announcements Letters to the Editor Valley People Off the Record Bird's Eye View Mendocino Talking Anderson Valley Writers Zack Anderson Bruce McEwen Mark Scaramella Turkey Vulture Todd Walton Malcolm Macdonald Steve Sparks David Yearsley Will Parrish Bruce Anderson Steve Heilig Flynn Washburne Bruce Patterson Spec MacQuayde Alexander Cockburn Fred Gardner Jeff Costello Marshall Newman Sheila Dawn-Tracy Louis Bedrock Debra Keipp Robert Mailer Anderson About Contact Subscribe Advertise Bookstore Behind The Green Curtain Mendocino Noir The Mendocino Papers Boonville Special Series Letters (May 17, 2017) by AVA News Service, May 17, 2017 The Case Of The Four Dried Cranberries High Time Gag Order Poor Planning Not A Presidential Suite Something’s Amiss Caltrans’ Slush Fund Fatties In The Fire The New Age Gap Next Up: Sanctuary Homes THE CASE OF THE FOUR DRIED CRANBERRIES Editor, Replying to the unsigned letter supposedly from the Co-op staff, I want to clarify the inaccuracies and outright falsehood in the letter. Inaccuracies: Only one person has spoken to me about tasting anything at the Co-op, that is the store manager. For tasting four dried cranberries to see if they would be good in the black bean soup, the manager and a male employee swooped down from their upstairs surveillance camera to confront me. Lori asked me to meet her outside the Coop for a lecture on “consumption theft.” I responded that the whole thing was ridiculous. I told the manager that she was petty, that there were more important matters than this. I suggested that she place little taster cups on the counter like other health food stores do. Laurie was adamant, “NO!” I pointed out that for years she opposed placing a table at the soup bar because” there was no room”. She countered that I was “changing the subject”, as though I should stand there and be scolded like a child. I went back to eat my soup. Her idea is that a customer must look for an employee to hand you the four dried cranberries. According to Laurie, the penalty for trying for cranberries is possible expulsion from the Co-op and invalidation of a fully paid lifetime membership in the Co-op, without offering to return my membership fees. Wouldn’t it be preferable to legalize trying the berries in soup with little thimble sized cups? Recently I made the mistake of ordering of ordering the lentil soup without tasting. Unfortunately, as happens frequently, the lentils were rock hard. Lentils and beans should be cooked soft or sprouted, not to be chomped on like little soup stones. It would be welcome if the Co-op “staff” would find local soup providers who would respond to customer dissatisfaction with uncooked legumes. The falsehood: The accusation that I have put my hands into the food bins (without using the scoops) is untrue. Laurie would not tell me who was responsible for this statement, only saying that it was another customer. This was either a faulty perception or a barefaced lie. Perhaps the mysterious customer should peruse some of the studies and experiments on accuracy of observation. Why am I targeted for something so petty, so insignificant? Is it because I openly disagreed with the manager’s decision to replace the old juicer which is incapable of juicing green leafy vegetables with the same machine? An abundance of leafy green vegetables is recommended for people suffering from the lyme disease epidemic. The manager overrode the recommendation of the juice bar employees to purchase a somewhat more expensive cold press juicer, as it would quickly pay for itself. So many decisions in our contemporary society are made because of cost only. Money and profit are trumping the public good across much of the political spectrum from our local supervisors to the congress, senate, president and supreme court. The political class is the moneyed class, so money rules. Our value system needs to be rethought.I am not the only person targeted for a taste by the Orwellian big brother, big sister upstairs video watchers. Another customer confided in me saying that the Co-op is the only store where he has ever had a problem in his whole life. Fearful of losing access to the Co-op, he did not want to be named. The actual accusation was “Eating your way thru the Co-op and theft, a crime. To remedy the matter I placed 4 dried cranberries in a tiny paper cup. The scale would not read such a tiny amount of product, so one of the employees placed a penny on the scale. No reading. Adding a nickel produced a 6 cent reading. Here are some of the figures of money I have spent recently at the Co-op. 4/6/17. $101.72. 4/12/17. $46.18. 4/13/17. $36.21. 5/5/17. $41.00. And 6 cents. A reminder: Co-op members are Co-op owners. Sincerely, Dorotheya M Dorman Redwood Valley HIGH TIME To the Editor: I write to express my support for consolidation of the Ukiah Valley water districts. Current state Fragmented districts that are prone to the following. • Wasteful duplication of staff, equipment, inventory, processes, and regulatory compliance costs. • Wasteful “turf wars” for customers and resources between districts. • Artificial and political boundaries separating districts that are not the best demarcations for operational efficiencies. • Shortage of good governing board members in small rural areas. • Difficulties stemming from continuous negotiations between districts seeking to share resources as demand and resource availability ebbs and flows. Preferred future state Combine five (or more) current water districts in the Ukiah valley into a single entity with a single board of directors. Value proposition Combine the water districts to avoid much of the duplication shown above. Staff could be reduced by attrition and much of that is already being planned where some of the board members and managers are expecting to retire with consolidation. Field personnel, parts inventory and equipment will be better utilized because the larger district will not need as much excess capacity to deal with exceptional circumstances. Regulatory compliance costs could be spread amongst more rate payers reducing their impact. Arguments between agencies would be eliminated as they are consolidated significantly reducing legal fees and political strife. Over time, resources would be more efficiently and seamlessly connected to demand as waterlines crossed current boundaries only considering operational efficiencies. A single, democratically elected, board of directors where the best applicants could be attracted and engaged. Currently there is a dearth of citizens willing to step into the yoke of community service resulting in board burnout and board elections having no applicants. Most board members are appointed or elected uncontested. A single district provides for economies of scale in all operations and processes. Division of labor provides for better specialization. Available water becomes seamlessly available to its highest and best use without the need for wheeling agreements or interagency agreements. I am hopeful the community will support consolidation while the Ukiah valley’s multiple district boards and staff are willing, and working toward, their shared vision of a single, efficient, and capable water district. Sincerely, Ross Liberty Ukiah GAG ORDER Letter to the Editor Can’t anybody shut this guy up? For a White House that for all the world appears to be in chaos, with a near total breakdown of the man in charge, it is AMAZING that no one has the ability just to shut him up. How many times can that man shoot himself in the mouth before someone, anyone, in the Republican party says “Enough already! Let’s get an adult in here to replace the clown.” As one who did not vote for that man, I am almost to the point of feeling sorry for the Republicans. It is like having a deranged relative living in the house who no one can reason with, let alone control. Pity them for their temerity and lack of backbone? No, they brought it upon themselves. The worst part is that we, as neighbors, also have to put up with his rants, shameless lies, and determination to unravel the very fabric of civil society that is supposed to hold us together as a nation. We can only hope that the Republicans come to their senses before that creature reaches, on impulse, for the nuclear button. Franklin Graham Navarro POOR PLANNING To the Editor: The following letter has seen sent to the Ukiah Planning Commission regarding the Costco Wholesale Project, Recirculated Partial Draft EIR These comments are offered to the Recirculated Partial Draft EIR prepared by your consultants DUDEK in February 2017: They only pertain to the potential energy impacts of the Costco facility proposed for Ukiah. It is this section that has been revised by DUDEK as Section 3.15 to the DEIR. The Need for a Refueling Station at the Costco Site: 16 vehicle fueling positions are proposed with capacity to expand to 20 positions in the future. There is no need for more vehicle fueling stations in Ukiah: Currently, Ukiah has 14 operating gasoline and diesel fueling stations with 100 fueling positions located between Talmage Road on the south side of town and the north Ukiah on-ramp to the Freeway. Seldom, if ever, is there a waiting line for fuel at any of these 14 stations. Locating another 16 fueling positions at a remote site almost one-half mile from the nearest freeway off-ramp will have two outcomes for our community: (1) force more conveniently located gasoline stations to go out of business, and (2) increase Costco profits. There is no requirement that Costco stores must have a gasoline station — their stores in San Francisco and in Novato seem to do quite well without selling fuel. Furthermore, the fuel consumed in making this one mile round trip to the gasoline pumps more than equals the saving in fuel costs at Costco discount fuel pricing. At the Costco stores in Santa Rosa and Rohnert Park, roughly half of all traffic into Costco is for gasoline only. If this pattern of use is similar in Ukiah, then we can expect a major increase in traffic on Airport Boulevard. No provision for expansion of the road’s handling capacity is being considered. At the very least, a traffic analysis is warranted. Energy Savings With New High — Efficient Solar Panels has not been investigated: It is over six years since the first draft EIR was prepared. The efficiency of solar panels to convert the sun’s energy to electric power has increased 50 percent over those years. The impacts upon energy use in this 148,000 square foot wholesale store would be considerable and should be examined rather than dismissed out of hand as was done in this DEIR. Beyond these two comments, many other concerns with the Costco proposed warehouse are still unanswered: These must be addressed by the City Council. Firstly: Cal Trans has not approved the design for the Highway 101 off-ramp. Without their approval, work cannot go forward. Secondly: Expansion of the Walmart operation to Superstore status, which was defeated over four years ago for lack of a plan to handle the additional traffic from Highway 101, will most likely be revived once the Costco project is approved. No allowance for such an eventuality has been addressed. Therefore another traffic study will be required and additional provisions for the greatly increased traffic demands must be considered. Jim Houle Redwood Valley PS. Chelsea Manning will be released from Federal Prison on Wednesday next and will be staying with her aunt in Baltimore. Next Friday at our weekly peace vigil at the Ukiah Court House (5 to 6 pm) I will be holding a sign welcoming her back to our increasingly unreal real world. I am concerned that she could well be gunned down on the street if left without protection. Should you wish to mention the event or take a picture at our gathering, you are of course very welcome. Any ideas for how we might best celebrate her freedom would be useful. NOT A PRESIDENTIAL SUITE To the Editor: In the Tuesday, May 9 edition of The Ukiah Daily Journal, a cover story titled, “Presidential Suite Proposed” appeared based on what appears to be a single source that inaccurately describes a comprehensive and thorough process to allocate much needed space to numerous student centered initiatives that will enhance services to our students. In order to meet the growing space needs of the college, Interim Dean Ulises Velasco, Facilities Director Mac Lojowsky, and others, prepared a very thoughtful, logical, and feasible proposal that considers many interests of the College staff, faculty, and most importantly, students. With these proposed changes, no student space is being negatively impacted, instead additional student space will be added with the most minimal financial impact possible. In one of the proposed options, recently provided to all staff and faculty at the College, the President is being displaced from his office so it can be utilized for an alternative purpose that will serve over 100 students, as proposed in one of our recently awarded grants. In the process of researching the available spaces on campus for this new grant program to be hosted, the President’s current office was an excellent fit, requiring minimal construction, located near other student services, and maximized use of space. The proposed President’s office area is neither a new space or in the areas currently accessible to students or the public. Most of the area, which is 100 square feet smaller than his current office area, is unused work space and underutilized storage space. The Ad Hoc committee who worked on this project reviewed many alternatives and concluded that the changes they have presented are the best fit for the College as a whole. There are a multitude of changes being reviewed, the potential move of the President’s office is just one of more than ten moves to take place should this proposal be implemented by the College. Additionally, the space that was referred to as the ‘Presidential Suite’ is currently being used primarily by one staff member. With the proposed changes, four staff members would share this pre-existing, underutilized, space and the current staff will have an excellent office adjacent to the space in question. With the addition of staff, programs, and in order to meet student needs, looking at pre-existing, underutilized space was essential to meeting the needs of Mendocino College going forward. With student success, institutional effectiveness, and open communication at the forefront of all work being done by the College, this proposal is just one necessary step forward in ensuring the needs of the institution are fully met. If this space is reallocated as planned, the general public and students will have now have full access to areas of the Library building that are currently inaccessible to the public and highly underutilized. I suspect taxpayers will be pleased that the college is making sound decisions to accommodate growth with existing resources in a practical and prudent manner. Jessica Silva, Director of Community Relations & Communication, Mendocino College Ukiah SOMETHING’S AMISS Editor: As Donald Trump meets with other great religious leaders in Saudi Arabia to discuss an agreement to protect religious freedom, which in my opinion amounts to the freedom to falsify tthe answer to an important question, I wish they would include some kind of consent to the fact that religion can become so corrupt and violently opposed to its own ultimate object, supposedly the creator of the universe, or even just to the truth of a given matter, as to become impossible to respect. The problem is rooted in the way much of it was written, in serious ignorance yet out of desperation to form some kind of control while probably not even conceiving of themselves as ignorant. But the fact remains that however far less than God religion is, it has more power over the minds of billions of people than the actual subject of the word, God, has. Religion has the power to state and renege on important terms and to impose such so much lying and injustice that it takes tremendous faith to deny that fact, and apparently to avoid doing anything about it, being so fully occupied with what supposedly is going to happen to anyone who doesn't submit to it. They allow themselves to make it worse and worse, but no one is allowed to correct it, or even to point out that something is wrong, painfully, hideously wrong with it. We live in the continuity of the evasion of a breakthrough which took place around 450-500 years ago when the basic storyline of the order of creation proved false. All three major Middle East to European religions decided to reject the sun-centered planetary system. John Calvin, for example, was hysterically enraged and proclaimed that he would not allow it. But he was going up against a ball of fire 100 times the size of the earth and one million times the volume, which could rip him into nothingness faster than an insect in the fireplace, a reality he would use fire to suppress, but there it is, the center of our orbit, women are not responsible for the fact that we live in generations, it is not their fault and Scripture is not perfect, infallible and eternal. When the Muslims took over North Africa, they took millions of people into slavery, castrating young boys more than half of whom bled to death, but the remainder sold at a very high price so it was profitable. It is that kind of religion that is breaking down the idea of religion as having something to do with the truth. Manifest evil is not spiritual good. It comes from Scripture and men's orders, not God, a name or noun purported to stand for something more than the old gods, a few of whom were chosen to take over, the moon god Allah, or the war god Yahweh, but there is no substantial or even emotional comparison. There is probably some similarity but man was primitive and ignorant and cruel and couldn't admit it. Well, now it's obvious. There are some well intended or meaningful lines, it's not all misogyny, stupidity and corruption and pedophillism, there are the more lofty and verifiable human goals, but people who have no such intentions can find what they would rather do in either Scripture or in custom, where life is so barbaric and stupid that no one can stand it but the most inane and deliberately stupid personalities who consider democratic freedom as merely useful for destroying democratic freedom. They are not sensitive people. Whenever the New York Times says it is not a sensitive issue, it is an issue of insensitivity at its absolute worst and the United States, its press, and its president should be totally clear about it. Man created religious law and its punishments. Man created custom. There is no reason not to perceive that something is wrong when it is so obvious. Scott Grogan Mendocino CALTRANS’ SLUSH FUND Dear AVA: You probably are aware of the situation concerning the Willits bypass. I just thought I would send this anonymous note anyway. In 2002, David and Sgeri Hulse Stephens, residents of Willits, sent a letter of protest to Caltrans concerning the possibility of building a bypass. I found a link to their letter by searching under "David and Geri Hulse Stephens" on Google and part way down to the first 100 entries is this letter. Interesting that Geri now serves as a paid consultant for Caltrans. She seems to be in control of the remediation portion of this project. She has been working on the project for many years. As the Google results imply she is an expert in rare plants in this area. She has no such credentials from any university. She is an active member of the California Native Plant Society and other botanical societies, her education includes a bachelor's degree in art from UC Santa Barbara. She has worked on many projects, advertising herself as an expert in botany. Caltrans seems to be a giant slush fund, keeping many roads and bridges in this state in terrible condition while cherry picking out desirable projects where they decide to proceed against all logical reason. A quick trip for instance on Highway 4 as it runs from Brentwood to Stockton reveals a heavily traveled route with extremely narrow bridges and heavy truck traffic. The trucks have created their own bypass around the weigh stations and Caltrans does nothing. Many of the drawbridges are very narrow with substandard widths for truck traffic. The roadway is built on levees that are sliding into the river because of the weight on them. An example of cherry picking would be the Albion Bridge which is structurally sound but does not include a bike lane. So now we will replace this so bicyclists can exercise their legs on it. This is completely unnecessary. Costing millions of slush fund dollars. Name withheld San Francisco FATTIES IN THE FIRE Editor: To Boonland— Most people know Boonville as the birthplace of the famous American pioneer Daniel Boone or the source of the refreshing alcoholic beverage Boone's Farm Apple Wine or maybe just as the last half of the word baboon. Be that as it may, I wonder if Mendoland is braced for the coming changes when pot becomes legal in California for recreation in the form of pot stores and tasting rooms opening up everywhere like with wine country? Speaking of wine country, how long before those vineyards are plowed under in favor of higher end cannabis fields growing on that primo land to meet the new demand? Expect an uptick in the stock price of companies like Acme Snarling Guard Dogs and Helicopter Searchlights Inc.. Although most of all these new businesses will probably start out in San Francisco and Oakland, inevitably people will want to try weed out at the branded sources in your neck of the woods. Soon lines of double-decker buses filled with drug addled rubbernecking tourists will be looking to score "the good stuff" from their now legal dealers. Paul Hedges San Francisco PS. My point in all this is we must remember above all: Shoes for industry, shoes for the dead, the fat is in the fire, you are the fat, unfortunately. THE NEW AGE GAP Dear Editor: An in-depth study by the University of Washington published by the journal JAMA Internal Medicine and reported by the Guardian newspaper found that while residents of certain affluent counties in central Colorado have the highest life expectancy at 87 years, while people in several counties of North and South Dakota. typically those with Native American reservations, could expect to die far younger, at only 66. Overall the study puts life expectancy in the U. S. at 79,1 years, an increase of 5.3 years from 1980. The study over the 35 years utilized data and figures from the National Center for Health Statistics on a county-by county basis. It concluded that the 5.3 year increase "masks massive variation at the county level". "Counties in central Colorado, and Alaska and along both coasts experienced much larger increases, while some counties in states stretching from Oklahoma to West Virginia saw little, if any improvement over this period". The authors pointed to socioeconomic and race/ethnicity factors, the availability of-and access to-quality health care and insurance, and "preventable risk factors" such as smoking, drinking and physical inactivity. Coupled with these comments there are places where there's an obesity epidemic and we still have an epidemic of smoking that is coming down but still high in some rural areas. The article used a color-code map of the U.S. to identify the areas of counties with low or higher life expectations. As would be expected lower life expectations are centered in areas considered to be generally economically challenged. As a sidebar, I would offer some comments. The U.S. spends about 15% of its GDP on medical expenses while those countries with universal health care plans spend about 8% and what we get for our money is a disfunctional system. If congress goes forward with their cuts in Medicaid and allocation of funds for other medical programs we will see millions of people who will not be getting the health care they deserve and need. The obvious solution would be to join the rest of the industrialized countries with a single payment universal health system. In peace and love, Jim Updegraff Sacramento NEXT UP: SANCTUARY HOMES Editor, I see where Jerry Kim Jong Un Brown is trying to make all the schools in California into sanctuaries. So the criminals can come into the schools and stay. That’s his next move after turning his back on law enforcement. He’s trying to ruin California just like Kim Jong Un is ruining the rest of the country. This man is a maniac! The next thing you know he’ll force people to let people who have committed crimes into their homes! That’ll be the next thing. Maybe Mr. Trump will stop it. God Bless Donald Trump. Jerry Philbrick Comptche Share this: Tweet Related Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. DONATIONS WELCOME Contribute to Mendocino County's most independent source of news and information! RECENT COMMENTS Zack Anderson on Russian Election Meddling Documented! BB Grace on Mendocino County Today: Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Harvey Reading on There Are No Bakers Any More Jim Updegraff on Mendocino County Today: Wednesday, May 17, 2017 LouisBedrock on There Are No Bakers Any More Harvey Reading on There Are No Bakers Any More james marmon on Russian Election Meddling Documented! RECENT POSTS The Hexenhammer on Chelsea Manning and Privacy Letters (May 17, 2017) Russian Election Meddling Documented! Homage To The Hay Makers HumCo Sets Standards For Dealing With Pot Violators ACTIVE NOW Mendocino County Today: Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mendocino County Today: Wednesday, May 17, 2017 Scandal Of The Week Alex Osorio, Requiescat in Pace Mendocino County Today: Monday, May 15, 2017 Reynolds Sentencing Heats Up Gagging Hare Creek ARCHIVE May 2017 M T W T F S S « Apr     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   BY MONTH BY MONTH Select Month May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 August 2007 July 2007 May 2007 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 December 2005 May 1990 April 1990 January 1989 Essays Mendocino County Features Anderson Valley Writers About Contact Subscribe Advertise Bookstore Special Series RSS © 2017, ↑ Anderson Valley Advertiser Log in- Posts - Add New -
Abortion News Abortion Wyoming to Lose Its Only Planned Parenthood Clinic May 17, 2017 Teddy Wilson Trending on Abortion The Descent of Anti-Choice Radicals on Louisville Is a Preview of Protests to Come DNC Chair Tom Perez to Meet With Anti-Choice Democrats ‘Fringe’ Republican in Montana Congressional Race Faces Close Contest More on Abortion Contraception News Politics Senior Senate Democrat Opens Talks With Architect of Planned Parenthood Smear Campaign May 17, 2017 Christine Grimaldi Trending on Contraception Trump’s Recent Order Advances His Discrimination Agenda, Advocates Say Judicial Announcements Show Conservatives Coming for Abortion Rights Despite Trump’s Claims of Victory, the Little Sisters’ Fight Against Birth Control Continues More on Contraception Economic Justice News Race Black Mamas Celebrate Freedom as Campaign Continues to Raise Money, Awareness of Bail System May 17, 2017 Auditi Guha Trending on Economic Justice What the Media Misses When It Sees Appalachia as Just ‘Trump Country’ Judicial Announcements Show Conservatives Coming for Abortion Rights It’s Time Democrats Change Their Stories About the Deficit More on Economic Justice Politics Analysis Law and Policy The North Carolina Case Was a Win for Voting Rights, But the Fight Is Far From Over May 17, 2017 Lisa Needham Trending on Politics What DOJ’s Rod Rosenstein Could Learn From the Man He Helped Fire What the New Health-Care Bill Means for Chronically Ill People Like Me and Our Families What the Media Misses When It Sees Appalachia as Just ‘Trump Country’ More on Politics Race News Race Black Mamas Celebrate Freedom as Campaign Continues to Raise Money, Awareness of Bail System May 17, 2017 Auditi Guha Trending on Race Where Trump’s Policies Sow Fear, New Campaign Argues, ‘Corporate Backers of Hate’ Stand to Profit Why I’m Helping to Bail Out Black Mamas Haitian Immigrants Rally in Protest of Possible Deportations More on Race Law and Policy News Race Black Mamas Celebrate Freedom as Campaign Continues to Raise Money, Awareness of Bail System May 17, 2017 Auditi Guha Trending on Law and Policy The Descent of Anti-Choice Radicals on Louisville Is a Preview of Protests to Come What the Media Misses When It Sees Appalachia as Just ‘Trump Country’ DNC Chair Tom Perez to Meet With Anti-Choice Democrats More on Law and Policy LGBTQ News Race Black Mamas Celebrate Freedom as Campaign Continues to Raise Money, Awareness of Bail System May 17, 2017 Auditi Guha Trending on LGBTQ The ‘Trans Tax’: A Cost-Benefit Analysis of Leaving My House Trump’s HHS Spokesperson Had a Blog Full of Transphobic Slurs Trump’s Recent Order Advances His Discrimination Agenda, Advocates Say More on LGBTQ Religion Analysis Religion Trump’s Recent Order Advances His Discrimination Agenda, Advocates Say May 11, 2017 Auditi Guha Trending on Religion Trump’s Recent Order Advances His Discrimination Agenda, Advocates Say ‘Our Patients Aren’t Stupid’: New Study Finds Mandatory Waiting Periods, Counseling Don’t Work as Intended Trump’s Religious Imposition Order Worse Than Advertised More on Religion Media Analysis Media What the Media Misses When It Sees Appalachia as Just ‘Trump Country’ May 17, 2017 Dr. Jessica Wilkerson Trending on Media What the Media Misses When It Sees Appalachia as Just ‘Trump Country’ How Anti-Choice Fake Clinics Leverage Technology to Trick People Out of Abortion Care For My Son When Love Is Not Enough More on Media Sexual Health News Health Systems Meet the People Trumpcare Hurts the Most May 11, 2017 Nicole Knight Trending on Sexual Health Meet the People Trumpcare Hurts the Most Does Anyone Believe Oral Sex Is Risky Anymore? One in Six Women Will Lose Under GOP Health Policy More on Sexual Health Violence News Politics Senior Senate Democrat Opens Talks With Architect of Planned Parenthood Smear Campaign May 17, 2017 Christine Grimaldi Trending on Violence The Descent of Anti-Choice Radicals on Louisville Is a Preview of Protests to Come The ‘Trans Tax’: A Cost-Benefit Analysis of Leaving My House Mamas Day Campaign Sends Love to Immigrant, Muslim Mothers More on Violence Human Rights News Race Black Mamas Celebrate Freedom as Campaign Continues to Raise Money, Awareness of Bail System May 17, 2017 Auditi Guha Trending on Human Rights What the New Health-Care Bill Means for Chronically Ill People Like Me and Our Families The Descent of Anti-Choice Radicals on Louisville Is a Preview of Protests to Come What the Media Misses When It Sees Appalachia as Just ‘Trump Country’ More on Human Rights Science Analysis Environment Why We Must Not Forget Standing Rock May 8, 2017 Dr. Elizabeth Ellis Trending on Science Why We Must Not Forget Standing Rock Why the March for Science Matters to Reproductive Health, Rights, and Justice More on Science Sexuality Culture & Conversation Media A Q&A With Jose Antonio Vargas on His Film Festival, ‘An Act of Cultural Intervention’ May 10, 2017 Tina Vasquez Trending on Sexuality A Q&A With Jose Antonio Vargas on His Film Festival, ‘An Act of Cultural Intervention’ This Week in Sex: Turns Out Men and Women May Define Sexual Assault Differently With ‘The Handmaid’s Tale’ Series, There’s Fresh Terror in the Tweaks More on Sexuality Health Systems News Politics Senior Senate Democrat Opens Talks With Architect of Planned Parenthood Smear Campaign May 17, 2017 Christine Grimaldi Trending on Health Systems What the New Health-Care Bill Means for Chronically Ill People Like Me and Our Families What the Media Misses When It Sees Appalachia as Just ‘Trump Country’ Meet the People Trumpcare Hurts the Most More on Health Systems Family News Race Black Mamas Celebrate Freedom as Campaign Continues to Raise Money, Awareness of Bail System May 17, 2017 Auditi Guha Trending on Family What the Media Misses When It Sees Appalachia as Just ‘Trump Country’ The Abortion Story I Didn’t Expect to Tell Mamas Day Campaign Sends Love to Immigrant, Muslim Mothers More on Family Maternity and Birthing News Family Report: Corporate Paid Leave Policies Shortchange Most Workers May 17, 2017 Nicole Knight Trending on Maternity and Birthing Mamas Day Campaign Sends Love to Immigrant, Muslim Mothers Why I’m Helping to Bail Out Black Mamas The Ina May Gaskin Racial Gaffe Heard ‘Round the Midwifery World More on Maternity and Birthing Environment Roundups Environment On World Water Day, a Spotlight on U.S. Public Water Systems Mar 22, 2016 Kanya D’Almeida Trending on Environment What the Media Misses When It Sees Appalachia as Just ‘Trump Country’ Judicial Announcements Show Conservatives Coming for Abortion Rights Why We Must Not Forget Standing Rock More on Environment Sections Search Rewire Report: Corporate Paid Leave Policies Shortchange Most Workers May 18, 2017 Subscribe Donate Your Reading List Report: Corporate Paid Leave Policies Shortchange Most Workers Lawsuit: Walmart Discriminated Against Pregnant Workers Lawmakers Are Banning Salary Questions to Narrow the Wage Gap Search Rewire Go News Family Report: Corporate Paid Leave Policies Shortchange Most Workers May 17, 2017, 10:18am Nicole Knight A new report highlights racial and income disparities in paid leave policies, as paid-leave inequity hits the workers who can least afford it. Facebook Twitter Email Permalink Instapaper Print A report out Wednesday by the advocacy group Paid Leave for the US suggests Starbucks' unequal policy is common. The report finds many major employers provide significantly more paid family leave to corporate employees, while shortchanging hourly, part-time, and other low-wage employees of paid leave to care for a child. Sorbis / Shutterstock.com Trending Today This Week What the Media Misses When It Sees Appalachia as Just ‘Trump Country’ Senior Senate Democrat Opens Talks With Architect of Planned Parenthood Smear Campaign The ‘Trans Tax’: A Cost-Benefit Analysis of Leaving My House ‘Fringe’ Republican in Montana Congressional Race Faces Close Contest DNC Chair Tom Perez to Meet With Anti-Choice Democrats The Descent of Anti-Choice Radicals on Louisville Is a Preview of Protests to Come We Must Unite Against the Threat to Democracy James Comey’s Firing Represents Wyoming to Lose Its Only Planned Parenthood Clinic What DOJ’s Rod Rosenstein Could Learn From the Man He Helped Fire What the New Health-Care Bill Means for Chronically Ill People Like Me and Our Families The Descent of Anti-Choice Radicals on Louisville Is a Preview of Protests to Come What the Media Misses When It Sees Appalachia as Just ‘Trump Country’ DNC Chair Tom Perez to Meet With Anti-Choice Democrats ‘Fringe’ Republican in Montana Congressional Race Faces Close Contest Meet the People Trumpcare Hurts the Most Senior Senate Democrat Opens Talks With Architect of Planned Parenthood Smear Campaign Rewire All the latest news, analysis and commentary delivered to you. Subscribe When Starbucks announced in January an 18-week paid family leave policy, the much heralded news left Jess Svabenik feeling undervalued. That’s because Starbucks extended the generous leave benefits to corporate workers and store managers, not to baristas like Svabenik, who is seven months pregnant. Baristas can only take up to six weeks of paid parental leave under the new policy. A report out Wednesday by the advocacy group Paid Leave for the US suggests Starbucks’ unequal policy is common. The report finds many major employers provide significantly more paid family leave to corporate employees, while shortchanging hourly, part-time, and other low-wage employees of paid leave to care for a child. “Every day we get up, a lot of us very early … to serve coffee and to make sure that our customers are taken care of,” said 37-year-old Svabenik, who makes $11 an hour at a Starbucks in Silverdale, Washington. “To feel like that’s not as important as the work that somebody is doing in the corporate office is frustrating and disheartening.” Appreciate our work? Rewire is a non-profit independent media publication. Your tax-deductible contribution helps support our research, reporting, and analysis. DONATE NOW Brianna Cayo Cotter, chief of staff with Paid Leave for the US, said the organization conducted research among 35 of the nation’s largest employers to better understand what kind of workers have access to paid family leave. “I think Starbucks is probably the best example of this, where they got tons of positive press that was like ‘Starbucks ground-breaking policy 18 weeks for moms!'” Cotter told Rewire. “But when you looked closer, that 18 weeks for new moms only applied to 3 percent of its workforce … because it’s only the corporate moms.” Of the 22 major companies that responded to the organization’s inquiries, six admitted their paid leave policies for low-wage workers were less generous than policies for higher wage employees. Thirteen companies, including such well-known names as Trader Joes, refused to disclose their policies to Paid Leave for the US. Cotter said shrouding paid family leave policies in secrecy doesn’t help workers who rely on their jobs for paid leave benefits. Paid Leave for the US found that Walmart, the nation’s largest private employer, offers 12 weeks of paid leave to birth mothers who are corporate employees, but only six to eight weeks at partial pay for birth moms who are hourly store employees. Yum! Brands, the parent company of KFC and Pizza Hut, provides 18 weeks paid parental leave to birth mothers, and six weeks to fathers and adoptive parents in the corporate office. Field employees receive no paid family leave. The report notes that paid-leave inequity hits the workers who can least afford it. Individuals earning more than $75,000 annually are twice as likely to have paid leave than those making under $30,000. Almost half of new parents who lack fully paid parental leave and earn less than $30,000 a year sought public assistance to make ends meet. “Because we lack a federal paid family leave policy and only 13 percent of workers have access to paid family leave—and that number drops to 6 percent of low-income Americans—the majority of people who get paid leave get it from their employers,” Cotter said. The report indicates that nationwide access to paid family leave has fallen over the last decade. Four states—California, New Jersey, Washington, and Rhode Island—have laws on the books requiring paid family leave, Cotter said. New York and Washington, D.C. have passed paid leave policies that are not yet in effect. The report highlights racial disparities in paid leave policies. At Walmart, Blacks or Latinos are three times more likely to be a service workers, meaning they qualify for less paid family leave. Forty-two percent of Walmart’s U.S. workforce are people of color, up from 39 percent two years ago. Cotter said the goal of the report is to advocate for paid family leave at the federal level. Jasmine Dixon, a former overnight stocker at a Denver Walmart, told Rewire she lost her apartment because she had to take about a month of unpaid leave when her infant son was hospitalized. The company didn’t provide her with paid family leave. The 23-year-old said she made ends meet by relying on aid from food banks and churches. “I just wish I hadn’t had to stress about providing the basic needs for me and my children,” Dixon said. Research underscores the serious health benefits of paid leave. A 2011 study showed that ten additional weeks of paid leave could reduce infant mortality by as much as 10 percent. Studies have found paid leave policies increased the number of well-baby doctor visits and vaccinations, and increased the duration of breastfeeding. Related Articles News Law and Policy Lawsuit: Walmart Discriminated Against Pregnant Workers May 15, 6:18pm Nicole Knight News Economic Justice Lawmakers Are Banning Salary Questions to Narrow the Wage Gap Apr 17, 10:57am Nicole Knight Analysis Law and Policy Would Gorsuch Follow Supreme Court Precedent Rejecting Discrimination? Mar 23, 12:56pm Gillian Thomas News Abortion Abortion Storytellers Gather as Anti-Choice Gorsuch Gets Senate Hearing Mar 22, 4:47pm Michelle D. Anderson Load More Abortion Contraception Economic Justice Environment Family Family Planning Health Systems Human Rights Law and Policy LGBTQ Maternity and Birthing Media Politics Race Religion Science Sexual Health Sexuality Violence False Witnesses State of Abortion Tracking Texas Abortion Access Legislative Tracker Laws Cases States Topics Multimedia Videos Podcasts Photos About Us About Rewire Staff Contributors Contact Us RSS Subscribe Jobs Pitching Guidelines Rewire Facebook Twitter Tumblr © 2017 Rewire. All rights reserved. Subscribe Donate Front page Sections Editorial News Commentary Analysis Investigations Culture & Conversation ABLC Blog Roundups Legislative Tracker Cases Laws Organizations People States Topics Multimedia Podcasts Videos Photos About Us About Rewire Staff Contributors Contact Us RSS Subscribe Jobs Pitching Guidelines False Witnesses State of Abortion Tracking Texas Abortion Access Facebook Twitter Tumblr Topics Abortion Contraception Economic Justice Politics Race Law and Policy LGBTQ Religion Media Sexual Health Violence Human Rights Science Family Planning Sexuality Health Systems Family Maternity and Birthing Environment Fact-based, fearless, and tenacious journalism. Support our work by signing up for the email list now. SIGN UP Thank you for reading Rewire!
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Legal Notices Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Field Hockey Football Gymnastics Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Arts Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Hudson County Jersey City man tries to steal $200 worth of bacon, Redbull from Walmart: cops Updated on May 17, 2017 at 2:18 PM Posted on May 17, 2017 at 1:56 PM A 50-year-old Jersey City man was arrested and charged with shoplifting after trying to steal more than $200 worth of bacon and Redbull, police said.(Google maps) By Corey McDonald cmcdonald@jjournal.com The Jersey Journal BAYONNE -- A Jersey City man was arrested last week after trying to steal more than $200 worth of bacon and Redbull from the local Walmart, authorities said. The 50-year-old man was arrested and charged with shoplifting on May 13 after attempting to shoplift 33 packages of bacon and two cases of Redbull, police said. Police arrested the man at the Walmart at 500 Bayonne Crossing Way at 8:45 p.m.  Authorities said he tried to leave the store with $236.46 worth of merchandise. View Comments nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 1564 3 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Paid family leave is an elite benefit in the U.S. If you make less than $75K in the U.S., chances are you don’t have access to paid family leave, according to new data. Post to Facebook Paid family leave is an elite benefit in the U.S. If you make less than $75K in the U.S., chances are you don’t have access to paid family leave, according to new data.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2rruePr {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 26 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Paid family leave is an elite benefit in the U.S. USA Today Network Ashley May , USA TODAY Published 12:45 p.m. ET May 17, 2017 | Updated 12 hours ago Starbucks' family leave policy affects only 3% of its workforce, new data shows. (Photo: Tim A. Parker, for USA TODAY) 1564 CONNECTTWEET 3 LINKEDIN 26 COMMENTEMAILMORE While some of America's largest companies now provide paid family leave, a new report shows corporate employees benefit most.  PL+US: Paid Leave for the United States, a non-profit advocating for paid family leave, released a report Wednesday on unequal policies from the nation's largest employers. Millions of Americans aren't offered a single day off work following the birth or adoption of a child, and 1 in 4 new moms go back to work 10 days after childbirth, according to PL+US. Within the past year, companies including Starbucks, Yum! Brands (KFC, Taco Bell, Pizza Hut) and Walmart announced paid family leave policies. The PL+US report shows many companies are providing these benefits only to top-level employees. “The people who most need paid family leave are the least likely to have it,” the report says. Related 69% of Americans say dads need paid paternity leave, study shows Report: These big businesses offer no paid family leave, or keep it secret Moms whose infants died in day care petition for 6 months parental leave   Starbucks has one of the most unequal paid family leave policies in the report with 12-18 weeks of paid leave for corporate parents but no paid leave for fathers or adoptive parents who are in-store employees (baristas), PL+US reports.  Reggie Borges, spokesperson for Starbucks, said employees working in different capacities at Starbucks voiced different needs, and these benefits beginning Oct. 1 were meant to meet those. When it comes to paid leave, Starbucks is “near or above the industry standard,” he said.  Walmart, the nation's largest private employer, has no full paid leave policy for its 1.2 million hourly employees, PL+US reports. Full-time birth moms are eligible for 6-8 weeks of disability leave at 50% pay. Salaried employees are offered 10 weeks full pay as part of short-term disability, Blake Jackson, spokesperson for Walmart, said.  Companies with the most equal paid leave policies cited in the study include Ikea, Levi's, Nordstrom, Bank of America, Chase and Apple.  Research compiled by the University of Washington’s Department of Health Services shows a “strong link between paid parental leave and child survival.” The United State’s infant mortality rate is high for a developed county — twice that of Sweden. PL+US reports ten additional weeks of paid leave could reduce infant mortality by as much as 10%. Currently, the Family Medical Leave Act, gives women 12 weeks job-protected unpaid leave, but many workers don't qualify for that. Twelve percent of U.S. non-government workers have access to paid family leave, according to the Department of Labor. Follow Ashley May on Twitter: @AshleyMayTweets 1564 CONNECTTWEET 3 LINKEDIN 26 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2rruePr
2 arrested after allegedly robbing, assaulting woman - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home WMC Action News 5 VAULT 2017 St. Jude Dream Home I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Mobile apps Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News 2017 St. Jude Dream Home Investigates Andy's Consumer Tip of the Week SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News First Alert Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) First Alert: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast First Alert Traffic Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests Mid-South Heroes 90105 Connects.com Official Rules: Memphis Air Show Tickets About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities 2 arrested after allegedly robbing, assaulting woman in Clarksville 2017-05-17T16:42:54Z2017-05-17T16:42:54Z Posted by Kara Apel Email Connect kara.apel@wsmv.com Follow @KaraApel Donald Stacy (Source: Clarksville Police Department) Kendra McKee (Source: Clarksville Police Department) CLARKSVILLE, TN (WSMV) - Two people have been arrested for allegedly robbing a woman in Clarksville. The victim stopped to talk to Donald Stacy and Kendra McKee while they were panhandling near the Walmart on Wilma Rudolph Boulevard on Saturday. The 35-year-old woman gave the suspects $10, and they reportedly offered her a tent to stay in for the night. According to the Clarksville Police Department, the woman was punched in the face and lost consciousness at some point during the encounter. The victim suffered severe injuries to her head and face. She is still being treated at the hospital for her injuries. Police said Stacy and McKee stole $120 from the woman's purse and took her cellphone. The woman woke up several hours later. She told police that Stacy told her "she got what she deserved." Stacy and McKee were arrested in Nashville but have been booked into the Montgomery County jail and are charged with especially aggravated robbery. Their bond has been set at $175,000. Copyright 2017 WSMV (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved. More from WMCTV.COMMore>> Special Montgomery County news Click to read more headlines from Montgomery County.More >> Click to read more headlines from Montgomery County.More >> News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Dozens of shots fired in drive-by outside candlelight vigil Dozens of shots fired in drive-by outside candlelight vigil Updated: Thursday, May 18 2017 12:01 AM EDT2017-05-18 04:01:36 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) Shelby County Sheriff's Office is investigating a drive-by shooting that happened at a candlelight vigil. More >> Shelby County Sheriff's Office is investigating a drive-by shooting that happened at a candlelight vigil.More >> De-escalation training teaches officers to handle tense traffic stops De-escalation training teaches officers to handle tense traffic stops Updated: Wednesday, May 17 2017 11:55 PM EDT2017-05-18 03:55:07 GMT Officers deal with an angry driver during a traffic stop (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) We've all seen the gruesome details of traffic stops that end with violence and even death. Many of those tragedies happened because the wrong steps were taken to de-escalate a hostile situation.More >> We've all seen the gruesome details of traffic stops that end with violence and even death. Many of those tragedies happened because the wrong steps were taken to de-escalate a hostile situation.More >> FIRST ALERT: A couple of chances for rain or storms FIRST ALERT: A couple of chances for rain or storms Updated: Wednesday, May 17 2017 11:54 PM EDT2017-05-18 03:54:00 GMT Marginal risk for storms on Friday. Source: WMC Action News 5 Rain chances will increase on Friday and rain will be in the forecast through Sunday.  More >> Rain chances will increase on Friday and rain will be in the forecast through Sunday. More >> Mom creates scholarship in honor of fallen son Mom creates scholarship in honor of fallen son Updated: Wednesday, May 17 2017 11:45 PM EDT2017-05-18 03:45:27 GMT A tragic accident killed her son two weeks before his graduation. Now, one Memphis mom is helping other students get the education that her son never got the chance to receive. More >> A tragic accident killed her son two weeks before his graduation. Now, one Memphis mom is helping other students get the education that her son never got the chance to receive. More >> John L Schaffler, Jr leaves legacy of family, vigor, and joy John L Schaffler, Jr leaves legacy of family, vigor, and joy Updated: Wednesday, May 17 2017 11:44 PM EDT2017-05-18 03:44:17 GMT (SOURCE: Facebook) John Schaffler would emerge from his car in the WMC parking lot more often than not with a big grin on his face and a story to tell.More >> John Schaffler would emerge from his car in the WMC parking lot more often than not with a big grin on his face and a story to tell.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Marijuana Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Marijuana Nation World Photos Spokane Residents in Airway Heights feeling water constraints after chemical contamination from Fairchild Air Force Base UPDATED: Wed., May 17, 2017, 11:10 p.m. By Jonathan Glover jonathang@spokesman.com(509) 459-5013 Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS Related topics Airway Heights residents warned not to drink tap water amid chemical contamination findings from Fairchild AFB Fairchild Air Force Base expands search for contaminated groundwater Testing confirms chemical contamination in residential wells near Fairchild Air Force Base Chemicals found in Fairchild wells not used for drinking water Firefighting foam may have contaminated groundwater near Fairchild, officials say The thought on everyone’s mind behind the Yoke’s grocery store in Airway Heights Wednesday morning was, “Where’s the water?” “Everybody’s out,” said Martha Grall, as she smoked a cigarette outside of her car. Behind hers was a line of eight others waiting patiently for a water shipment that was supposed to arrive at 7 a.m., but was more than two hours late. When news broke late last night that water from city pipes likely is contaminated with chemicals used on Fairchild Air Force Base, word quickly spread that city officials were handing out bottled water. Hundreds began arriving behind the grocery store Tuesday night. Firefighters and volunteers handed out more than 300 packs of water by 9:15 p.m. But by about 7 a.m. the next morning, all of the water was gone – about 700 gallons total, said Mitch Metzger, fire chief for Airway Heights. Another shipment of several thousand gallons was due this morning, according to Deputy fire chief Nate Whannell. Airway Heights water contamination Read our coverage of the developing water contamination issues that have caused all residents within the Airway Heights city limits to be advised to avoid drinking and cooking with city tap water amid findings chemical contamination at Fairchild Air Force Base threatened purity of residential wells. | SPECIAL SECTION » Metzger said the city ordered the water from Food Services of America. He said a new shipment should “be there any minute.” “We’ve got about four semi loads coming throughout the day,” he said. “We’ve ordered over 20,000 gallons.” Grocery stores in Airway Heights, too, were completely out, according to residents who checked, as well as the Wal-Mart. “I was just there,” said Dan Sproule, who lives near the base with his wife and six children. “They’ve got nothing.” Some stores were receiving shipments as they were selling out, including Yoke’s, which got in more packs of bottled water at about 9:30 a.m. “We contacted grocery stores last night letting them know this was coming so they could stock up as well,” Metzger said. Safe or sick? Sproule said he wasn’t “paranoid” about the water situation, saying that he drank some this morning and used it to make coffee. He said if he didn’t find any bottled water today that he and his family likely would just drink from their tap and not worry too much. “I feel fine,” he said. “The guys from the base talked to us and I got the impression from them it wasn’t a huge health crisis.” But others weren’t so casual. Grall, who finally received two packs of bottled water after two men donated 20 after hearing about the crisis on the news, said she’s worried and grossed out about the thought her water could be contaminated. “I’ve been sick for the last two weeks, and I was wondering for a while what was wrong with me,” she said. “And then I find this out and it’s like, go figure.” She said she refused to drink any water from her tap until she knows it’s safe. Until then, she’s sticking strictly to bottled water – and so is her 4-year-old grandson. “I don’t really have a choice,” she said. The perfluorinated chemicals, known by the acronyms PFOS and PFOA, previously were found in a number of private residential wells east of Fairchild. The chemicals are believed to have come from a fire-extinguishing foam the Air Force used from 1970 until last year on a fire-training site as well as two locations where aircraft have crashed. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency identified the chemicals as a health risk last year, and the Pentagon launched a nationwide effort to find and mitigate contamination. U.S. Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers said she’d been briefed on the contamination by Fairchild officials and has contacted the EPA, “ready to assist as we identify next steps.” Terri and Richard Link, who live in the Sands Mobile Park near where water was distributed to residents, think their water has been contaminated for much longer than what officials are saying. “I’ve been sicker than (hell) for 10 years,” Terri Link said. “My neighbors are sicker than hell. Ambulances are called out here all the time.” She and her husband said they plan on suing the base and possibly the city for not disclosing the contaminates to residents. They said for more than five years they’ve both felt sick with flu-like symptoms that never seem to go away. After reading about the water restrictions in the news, they printed out the EPA’s fact sheet on PFOS and PFOA and have highlighted sections that pertain to them, especially the section on “symptoms.” “I have thyroid nodes,” Terri Link said. “They just came out of nowhere.” Business blues The Village Tavern along West Sunset Highway is the unofficial spot to talk about all things contaminated water. “I think it’s overkill,” said Kevin Herley of the city’s water restrictions, as he took a sip from his canned Budweiser. He talked slow but deliberately, and from what the other regulars at the bar indicated, half of what he says was dripping with sarcasm. “I mean, I’m not sitting on the toilet over there cause the water might be contaminated,” he said straight-faced. Jean Moore, who co-owns the tavern with her business partner Tracy Moore, also thinks people are making too much of a fuss. Though she can’t sell things like soda or tea, or use ice in mixed drinks if it isn’t carbon filtered, the regulars haven’t complained, since the alcohol is clean, she said. “I think they’re just blowing it way out of proportion,” she said. “I’ve lived in Airway Heights for 50 years, and I’ve been drinking the water the whole time, and I’m just fine.” She does have a friend, though, who has felt the impact. She apparently just put her house on the market five days ago and had two offers before news broke last night. “They both backed out,” she said. Other business owners aren’t as lucky as Moore. Kristen Otoupalik, who co-owns the On Alert Caffeine Station espresso stand with her husband, was open for most of the day Wednesday before getting a call from the state Department of Health, notifying her she could no longer use the water, which she was carbon filtering. “We just finished installing the filtration system at 3 a.m. this morning too,” she said. “Initially, the city told us if we had carbon filters, that it would work to reduce or alleviate the contaminants.” On Alert was “swamped,” Otoupalik said, before she was forced to shut down for the day at about 3 p.m. “We’ll be open tomorrow,” she said assuredly. Other restaurants along Sunset Highway also were closed, including Rosa’s Pizza and Wolfy’s Hamburgers – or, anything that used a lot of water in their cooking, according to one worker at Zip’s Drive-In who was not cleared to talk to media. At Northern Quest Casino, the water advisory forced restaurant employees to wash and cook food with bottled water, and temporarily take a number of items off of their menus. The casino also printed hundreds of pamphlets to notify customers about the water situation, said communication director Julie Holland. Holland said the water advisory has been a major inconvenience for customers and staff. But she declined to say if the Kalispel Tribe of Indians, which owns and operates the casino, would seek reimbursement from the agencies responsible for the contamination. For now, the focus is customer service, she said. “We’re doing the best we can with a smile on our face.” Sunset Elementary School Hearing of the possible contamination last night, school officials at Sunset Elementary School blocked off water fountains and bought hundreds of packs of water at local grocery stores. “There are signs posted on all the doors, all of the teachers know, and letters will be sent out to the parents, if they don’t already know,” said Jeff McClure, director of maintenance operations and safety at Cheney School District. The bottled water mostly was used for cooking school lunches, while Culligan water dispensers were set up near water fountains with clear instructions for students, McClure said. “I was told this morning it could go on for 10 days,” he said. “So we have to do more than just provide bottles of water.” Staff writer Chad Sokol contributed to this report. Updated: May 17, 2017, 11:10 p.m.  Tags: Airway Heights, Airway Heights water, Fairchild Air Force Base, water contamination, Water shortage Click here to comment on this story » Most read stories $50 million worth of cars blew into Spokane on Wednesday … Decades of warnings behind chemical contaminating water in Airway Heights … The Spokesman-Review … At Gonzaga commencement, speaker Sherman Alexie tells graduates: Remember your promises … Former Eastern Washington football star Cooper Kupp quickly impresses Los Angeles Rams … ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SEIA to Convene Business and Finance Leaders in New York WASHINGTON, May 17, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — As businesses adopt solar at an unprecedented rate and the tax reform debate begins in Washington, the Solar Energy Industries Association (SEIA) is convening business, finance, and legal leaders to discuss these critical issues and more in New York City from May 31 to June 2. SEIA will host its Solar Goes Corporate summit, on May 31, and the SEIA Finance and Tax Seminar, on June 1-2. SEIA’s new president and CEO, Abigail Ross Hopper, will make opening remarks at both events. The Solar Goes Corporate summit will dive into how small businesses and large companies, solar project developers, and service providers can successfully procure, deploy, and invest in solar. The summit comes as businesses are adopting solar at a breakneck speed, accounting for a record 10 percent of all solar capacity added in 2016. Featured speakers include executives from Walmart, Microsoft, Target, Etsy, Monumental Sports & Entertainment, National Geographic, and other solar industry leaders. The summit will explore: The state of the commercial and industrial solar markets Opening up the commercial real estate sector How different sectors approach solar energy procurement To see the full agenda and register, go to https://events.bizzabo.com/SGCNYC. The SEIA Finance and Tax Seminar, the industry’s preeminent tax event, will convene as a new administration and Congress have made tax reform one of their highest priorities. The meeting will bring together industry experts from the government and private sector for an in-depth look at the tax reform debate on Capitol Hill, the Investment Tax Credit, and other issues such as energy storage and opening the small commercial and industrial sector. Other featured topics include: Finance and tax considerations with low & middle income solar Trends in private equity investment, tax equity and debt To see the full agenda and register, go to https://events.bizzabo.com/FINANCETAXSPRING2017/home About SEIA®: Celebrating its 43rd anniversary in 2017, the Solar Energy Industries Association® is the national trade association of the U.S. solar energy industry, which now employs more than 260,000 Americans. Through advocacy and education, SEIA® is building a strong solar industry to power America. SEIA works with its 1,000 member companies to build jobs and diversity, champion the use of cost-competitive solar in America, remove market barriers and educate the public on the benefits of solar energy. Visit SEIA online at www.seia.org. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/seia-to-convene-business-and-finance-leaders-in-new-york-300459394.html SOURCE Solar Energy Industries Association Related Links http://www.seia.org CategoriesUncategorized TagsNot For Profit Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Magnesian Limestone Market Trends & Forecast to 2021- Industry Analysis by Regions, Type and Application Next PostNext Allianz Worldwide Partners Recognized For Outstanding Public Relations Programs At The 70th Virginia Public Relations Awards Search Recent Posts Healthcare IT Outsourcing Market To Make Great Impact In Near Future by 2025 Raman Spectroscopy Market Report 2017: Horiba Jobin Yvon, Renishaw, Thermo, B&W Tek, Kaiser Optical 2017 to 2022 Global Fixed Crane Sales Market Research Analysis Report Europe Ultrasound Devices Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Europe Next Generation Cancer Diagnostics Market Analysis, Size, Application Analysis, Regional Outlook, Competitive Strategies and Forecasts, 2017 To 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SEIA to Convene Business and Finance Leaders in New York National solar energy association to host two events across three days: Solar Goes Corporate and SEIA's Finance and Tax Seminar WASHINGTON, May 17, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- As businesses adopt solar at an unprecedented rate and the tax reform debate begins in Washington, the Solar Energy Industries Association (SEIA) is convening business, finance, and legal leaders to discuss these critical issues and more in New York City from May 31 to June 2. SEIA will host its Solar Goes Corporate summit, on May 31, and the SEIA Finance and Tax Seminar, on June 1-2. SEIA's new president and CEO, Abigail Ross Hopper, will make opening remarks at both events. The Solar Goes Corporate summit will dive into how small businesses and large companies, solar project developers, and service providers can successfully procure, deploy, and invest in solar. The summit comes as businesses are adopting solar at a breakneck speed, accounting for a record 10 percent of all solar capacity added in 2016. Featured speakers include executives from Walmart, Microsoft, Target, Etsy, Monumental Sports & Entertainment, National Geographic, and other solar industry leaders. The summit will explore: The state of the commercial and industrial solar markets Opening up the commercial real estate sector How different sectors approach solar energy procurement To see the full agenda and register, go to https://events.bizzabo.com/SGCNYC. The SEIA Finance and Tax Seminar, the industry's preeminent tax event, will convene as a new administration and Congress have made tax reform one of their highest priorities. The meeting will bring together industry experts from the government and private sector for an in-depth look at the tax reform debate on Capitol Hill, the Investment Tax Credit, and other issues such as energy storage and opening the small commercial and industrial sector. Other featured topics include: Finance and tax considerations with low & middle income solar Trends in private equity investment, tax equity and debt To see the full agenda and register, go to https://events.bizzabo.com/FINANCETAXSPRING2017/home About SEIA®: Celebrating its 43rd anniversary in 2017, the Solar Energy Industries Association® is the national trade association of the U.S. solar energy industry, which now employs more than 260,000 Americans. Through advocacy and education, SEIA® is building a strong solar industry to power America. SEIA works with its 1,000 member companies to build jobs and diversity, champion the use of cost-competitive solar in America, remove market barriers and educate the public on the benefits of solar energy. Visit SEIA online at www.seia.org. SOURCE Solar Energy Industries Association CategoriesUncategorized TagsAlternative Energies, Not For Profit, Oil/Energy, Utilities Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Brigatinib First Drug to Offer Over 1-Year Control of ALK-Positive Lung Cancer Post-Crizotinib Next PostNext Global Payout, Inc. Broadens the Expertise and Experience Offered by Its Board of Directors with the Nomination and Election of Jorge Lezcano, CEO of IntraData, LLC Posted on 17 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SEIA to Convene Business and Finance Leaders in New York National solar energy association to host two events across three days: Solar Goes Corporate and SEIA's Finance and Tax Seminar WASHINGTON, May 17, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- As businesses adopt solar at an unprecedented rate and the tax reform debate begins in Washington, the Solar Energy Industries Association (SEIA) is convening business, finance, and legal leaders to discuss these critical issues and more in New York City from May 31 to June 2. SEIA will host its Solar Goes Corporate summit, on May 31, and the SEIA Finance and Tax Seminar, on June 1-2. SEIA's new president and CEO, Abigail Ross Hopper, will make opening remarks at both events. The Solar Goes Corporate summit will dive into how small businesses and large companies, solar project developers, and service providers can successfully procure, deploy, and invest in solar. The summit comes as businesses are adopting solar at a breakneck speed, accounting for a record 10 percent of all solar capacity added in 2016. Featured speakers include executives from Walmart, Microsoft, Target, Etsy, Monumental Sports & Entertainment, National Geographic, and other solar industry leaders. The summit will explore: The state of the commercial and industrial solar markets Opening up the commercial real estate sector How different sectors approach solar energy procurement To see the full agenda and register, go to https://events.bizzabo.com/SGCNYC. The SEIA Finance and Tax Seminar, the industry's preeminent tax event, will convene as a new administration and Congress have made tax reform one of their highest priorities. The meeting will bring together industry experts from the government and private sector for an in-depth look at the tax reform debate on Capitol Hill, the Investment Tax Credit, and other issues such as energy storage and opening the small commercial and industrial sector. Other featured topics include: Finance and tax considerations with low & middle income solar Trends in private equity investment, tax equity and debt To see the full agenda and register, go to https://events.bizzabo.com/FINANCETAXSPRING2017/home About SEIA®: Celebrating its 43rd anniversary in 2017, the Solar Energy Industries Association® is the national trade association of the U.S. solar energy industry, which now employs more than 260,000 Americans. Through advocacy and education, SEIA® is building a strong solar industry to power America. SEIA works with its 1,000 member companies to build jobs and diversity, champion the use of cost-competitive solar in America, remove market barriers and educate the public on the benefits of solar energy. Visit SEIA online at www.seia.org. SOURCE Solar Energy Industries Association CategoriesUncategorized TagsAlternative Energies, Not For Profit, Oil/Energy, Utilities Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Brigatinib First Drug to Offer Over 1-Year Control of ALK-Positive Lung Cancer Post-Crizotinib Next PostNext Global Payout, Inc. Broadens the Expertise and Experience Offered by Its Board of Directors with the Nomination and Election of Jorge Lezcano, CEO of IntraData, LLC Posted on 17 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SEIA to Convene Business and Finance Leaders in New York National solar energy association to host two events across three days: Solar Goes Corporate and SEIA's Finance and Tax Seminar WASHINGTON, May 17, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- As businesses adopt solar at an unprecedented rate and the tax reform debate begins in Washington, the Solar Energy Industries Association (SEIA) is convening business, finance, and legal leaders to discuss these critical issues and more in New York City from May 31 to June 2. SEIA will host its Solar Goes Corporate summit, on May 31, and the SEIA Finance and Tax Seminar, on June 1-2. SEIA's new president and CEO, Abigail Ross Hopper, will make opening remarks at both events. The Solar Goes Corporate summit will dive into how small businesses and large companies, solar project developers, and service providers can successfully procure, deploy, and invest in solar. The summit comes as businesses are adopting solar at a breakneck speed, accounting for a record 10 percent of all solar capacity added in 2016. Featured speakers include executives from Walmart, Microsoft, Target, Etsy, Monumental Sports & Entertainment, National Geographic, and other solar industry leaders. The summit will explore: The state of the commercial and industrial solar markets Opening up the commercial real estate sector How different sectors approach solar energy procurement To see the full agenda and register, go to https://events.bizzabo.com/SGCNYC. The SEIA Finance and Tax Seminar, the industry's preeminent tax event, will convene as a new administration and Congress have made tax reform one of their highest priorities. The meeting will bring together industry experts from the government and private sector for an in-depth look at the tax reform debate on Capitol Hill, the Investment Tax Credit, and other issues such as energy storage and opening the small commercial and industrial sector. Other featured topics include: Finance and tax considerations with low & middle income solar Trends in private equity investment, tax equity and debt To see the full agenda and register, go to https://events.bizzabo.com/FINANCETAXSPRING2017/home About SEIA®: Celebrating its 43rd anniversary in 2017, the Solar Energy Industries Association® is the national trade association of the U.S. solar energy industry, which now employs more than 260,000 Americans. Through advocacy and education, SEIA® is building a strong solar industry to power America. SEIA works with its 1,000 member companies to build jobs and diversity, champion the use of cost-competitive solar in America, remove market barriers and educate the public on the benefits of solar energy. Visit SEIA online at www.seia.org. SOURCE Solar Energy Industries Association CategoriesUncategorized TagsAlternative Energies, Not For Profit, Oil/Energy, Utilities Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Brigatinib First Drug to Offer Over 1-Year Control of ALK-Positive Lung Cancer Post-Crizotinib Next PostNext Global Payout, Inc. Broadens the Expertise and Experience Offered by Its Board of Directors with the Nomination and Election of Jorge Lezcano, CEO of IntraData, LLC Search Recent Posts Healthcare IT Outsourcing Market To Make Great Impact In Near Future by 2025 Gas Alarm Consumption Market – Global Industry Analysis, Market size, Share, Growth, Trend, Competitive Strategies, Worldwide Demand and forcast 2016 by QY Research Reports Raman Spectroscopy Market Report 2017: Horiba Jobin Yvon, Renishaw, Thermo, B&W Tek, Kaiser Optical 2017 to 2022 Global Fixed Crane Sales Market Research Analysis Report Europe Ultrasound Devices Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Thursday, May. 18, 2017 About Advertise Sponsors View Sponsors Weekly Deals Contact Home News & Views City Council Recaps Brewery News Restaurant News Arts, Events & Life Columns & Features Movie Reviews Giveaways Sports Sections All News Restaurant News Beer News Arts, Events & Life Columns & Features Sports Calendar Public Meetings Movie Listings Fiesta Square Razorback Cinema Weekly Deals Giveaway: Train, May 22 at the AMP By Dustin Bartholomew ·   May 17, 2017  Train / Courtesy photo It’s time to try and win some tickets, Fayetteville. San Fransisco pop/rock band Train is coming to the Walmart AMP next week, and we’ve got a pair of tickets to give away to the show. The band will perform at the venue on Monday, May 22, alongside jam band O.A.R. and pop act Natasha Bedingfield. Train is in town to promote their new album, titled A Girl A Bottle A Boat, they released back in January. Single tickets to the show start at $30, but you won’t need to worry about all that if you’re the winner of the following giveaway. Good luck. How to enter Summer concert series is here, and there are some great shows happening all over the region this year. Leave a comment telling us who you’re excited to see over the next few months, and you’re entered. What you’ll win One (1) winner chosen at random will win two (2) tickets to see Train, O.A.R., and Natasha Bedingfield May 22 at Walton Arts Center. A few rules (read ‘em carefully): You may only enter this specific contest once. This contest is open to anyone anywhere except Fayetteville Flyer writers, Walton Arts Center employees, Walmart AMP employees, and their immediate family members. Contest is open until noon on Thursday, May 18 Make sure you leave a valid email address when filling out the comment form since that’s how we’ll contact you if you’ve won. Once we notify the winner, you’ll have 24 hours to respond via email to claim your prize. You’ll have to provide us with your first and last name (if you win) and then be prepared to show a valid photo ID when picking up your tickets. Thanks to the Walton Arts Center for sponsoring this contest. For more information about this performance or to purchase tickets, visit amptickets.com.   Discussion Fayetteville Flyer has specific guidelines for commenting. To avoid having your comment deleted -- or your commenting privileges revoked -- read our Comment Policy before you comment. Violators will be banned from commenting. Report a comment that violates the guidelines to contact@fayettevilleflyer.com. Commenters on the Flyer are responsible for all legal consequences arising from their comments, including libel, infringement of copyright or actions that threaten a third party. By submitting a comment, you agree to indemnify Wonderstate Media LLC, its partners and employees from any legal action arising from your comments. @fayflyer     » See all sponsor deals & specials Advertisements Get Email News Updates Receive an email with headlines for all the day’s stories on the Flyer. » Click to sign up Advertisements     LOCAL INFO   Deals & More Fire/Police Dispatch Logs Detention Intake Report   » See all ADVERTISEMENTS Flyer Sponsors » See all sponsors Sponsor Tweets Tweets from @fayflyer/flyer-sponsors Become a sponsor The Flyer focuses on free news that's specific to Fayetteville. Because of that, our readers are local, and they're loyal to the businesses that support their daily source of information. Let us help your company deliver its message to our ever-growing audience. To talk about becoming a sponsor, call 479-387-1002 or email us. About Legal Advertise Sponsors Contact © 2007-2017 Wonderstate Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us First Look: Walmart’s next-gen test stores May 17, 2017 | By Marianne Wilson So what’s the bottom line? By rethinking stores and testing new ideas with customers in real-life stores, we are improving customers’ experiences and making it easier than ever for them to get what they need as quickly and easily as possible.   Walmart is testing new features and technology in two recently-opened supercenters in Tomball, Texas, and Lake Nona, Florida. The stores were fully reimagined — from layout to building and environmental enhancements to added technology — with a goal of improving the shopping experience and making it easier for customers to get what they need as quickly as possible. Here is a peak at the changes:    • New Layout: The chain used customer shopping behavior to reimagine the layout for the two stores. For example, services like the beauty salon and tech repair are adjacent to relevant merchandise. Health and wellness departments are consolidated to create a single destination. Baby, toys, kids' apparel and kids' shoes form a single destination to ease the shopping journey.   • Scan & Go: Scan & Go technology that works both on personal smartphones and Walmart-provided handheld devices is being tested in the two locations. Customers are greeted on their way into the store by a large bank of Scan & Go wands, and new digital produce scales have been added to make scanning weighable items much easier. Scan & Go fast pass checkout lanes allow customers to bypass the traditional checkout process . • SmartLife: New interactive projection technology allows customers to learn about connected devices (such as Google Home, Apple TV, Nest, baby monitors and connected thermostats) and get answers to what is important to them. Since images are projected onto tables and walls, there’s no chance of accidentally damaging a product, and the product details can be updated more quickly through this new platform. This technology is found in the entertainment section of the store, as well as in hardware, baby, and health and wellness for relevant department items.   • Integrated Pickup: Shoppers can use the outside drive-thru to pick up weekly groceries and also their prescriptions and Walmart.com orders.   • Extended Aisles: Step into the Tomball Supercenter and you’ll find interactive screens offering access to an extended curated selection of online-only items in almost 100 categories. Customers can order products, pay with the rest of their basket at checkout and pick up two days later.   • Appointment Setting and Ordering Technology: The two stores are testing a new appointment and ordering kiosk system in the deli area that allows shoppers to place their order, go shopping, then come back to quickly pick it up. If the deli test goes well, the feature could be expanded to pharmacy, auto care center, beauty salon or anywhere ordering and appointment setting occurs.    • Next-Gen Call Buttons: Shoppers press a Wi-Fi-connected call button and wearable GPS-enabled devices alert associates that assistance is needed. Associates wearing these devices are trained in specific store areas and are on call to help in the furniture, paint, fabrics, sporting goods and bikes areas of the store. Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented Study ranks America’s favorite grocery stores Specialty apparel retailer exiting Canada Coach snags rival in $2.4 billion acquisition Jet.com ventures into physical retail Sears’ Lampert takes on vendors in blog President-elect hurting traffic at some major retail flagships Dollar Tree comes out on top Restaurant giant in $1.8 billion acquisition German grocery giant to make a big U.S. debut ahead of schedule Study: Retailers leave money on table due to lack of personalized service Solutions Spotlight Taking Stock of Retail’s Analytics Capabilities When it comes to using data and analytics to drive business results, where does the retail industry stand relative to other industries? And more importantly, where does your company stand against a retail industry index?  Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you expect the Republican party’s proposed tax reforms will help or hurt the retailing industry? Help Hurt Very little impact Not sure Hot Concepts The Reimagining of Cumberland Farms Cumberland Farms, a convenience store fixture in New England and central... First Look: Target’s next-generation store concept Target Corp. has unveiled its next-generation store format, which will make... Amazon debuts grocery pick-up concept More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Study: More than half of U.S. shoppers haven’t tried BOPIS More omnichannel retailers offer buy-online-pickup-in-store (BOPIS) services... Report: Retailers are running in place when it comes to IoT Retailers remain stuck when it comes to Internet of Things (IoT) initiatives... Survey: Store retailers leaving money on table Disappointing shopping experiences are costing brick-and-mortar retailers... Trending Stores Eloquii, The Fashion Centre at Pentagon City, Arlington, Va. Online plus-size fast-fashion retailer Eloquii is testing its first physical location, a pop-up shop in the Washington, D.C. area.  More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Own Brands Now Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media Health Events Live   © 2017 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 25° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 36-52 We set you thinking Thursday 18 May 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Australian tax chief faces charges after son's cars, guns and money fraud romp 1495088633 World South Korea prepares for summit with United States: ministry 1495087373 World Erdogan says Turkey will act if Syrian Kurdish militia attacks: media 1495087213 World South Korea's Moon joins protest song at commemoration in nod to liberal values 1495082669 Business Asia falls as White House turmoil spoils risk sentiment, dollar bruised 1495086941 World ‘Too intense,’ Najib says of dialogue where fight broke out 1495087560 China&India Chinese officials set to ban sale of dog meat at annual festival 1495086360 Singapore NDP tickets available from May 23; one more preview show added 1495084800 Lifestyle This local beauty brand is helmed by a 17-year-old 1495083360 Business MAS finalising plans to lease aircraft from third party 1495084914 China&India China is reluctant to blame North Korea, its ally, for WannaCry 1495083717 World Brazil president taped discussing pay-off for witness in graft probe: O Globo 1495083344 Business Qualcomm ups ante in fight with Apple, sues four Taiwanese suppliers 1495083124 Entertainment DJ Calvin Harris to close 2017 Singapore Grand Prix 1495083414 World LGBT pride march in private Malaysia university cancelled after Islamist pressure 1495083122 Daily Focus Asians say they back breastfeeding...yet harassment persists 1495081260 World As Mao Shan Wang durians, pineapples head for China, prices to rise in Malaysia 1495082220 China&India With Chinese tourism down, Taiwan looks to lure visitors from South-east Asia 1495082213 World Philippines declines aid from Europe to assert independence: official 1495080808 World 'Bobby Three Sticks' Mueller to probe Russia-Trump imbroglio 1495080882 World Former FBI chief Mueller appointed to probe Trump-Russia ties 1495079131 Singapore Spend your NS50 vouchers at over 6,000 outlets 1495079280 World Trump team knew of Flynn inquiry before hiring him 1495077960 Business Google shifts mobile focus to apps and digital assistant 1495064479 Singapore Singapore 3rd in the world for life expectancy: WHO report 1495077720 World U.S. decries Washington brawl during Turkish president's visit 1495077332 Singapore 8,748 HDB flats launched in latest BTO and SBF exercise 1495074240 Business Oil prices dip as supply remains ample despite output cuts 1495076139 World Mexico president heads to Guatemala to discuss migration, extradition 1495074236 World Support for Macron's party grows before French parliamentary election: poll 1495074033 World How to protect yourself from ransomware attacks 1495072612 World Special prosecutor creation seen easing U.S. Congress partisanship: Senator Cornyn 1495071805 World Factbox: Ex-FBI Director Mueller draws praise as special counsel on Russia probe 1495071805 World What we know about U.S. probes of Russian meddling in 2016 election 1495071805 World House leader McCarthy suggested Trump on Putin payroll: Washington Post 1495071805 World Brazil president taped discussing payments to potential witness: sources 1495071271 World Brazil's president denies authorizing payments to silence politician 1495070019 World Factbox: U.S. Justice Department's special counsel probe of Russia 1495069888 World Petrobras, Vale ADRs plunge after new Brazil corruption allegations 1495070019 Voices Invention is key to Orchard Road’s tourism appeal 1495070514 World Scuffle breaks out between comedian and film director in front of Najib 1495068660 World Trexit? Online bettors play early end to Trump presidency 1495069014 Business U.S. preparing to sue Fiat Chrysler over excess diesel emissions 1495068535 Business U.S. to start probes of Boeing dumping claims against Bombardier jet 1495067650 World Ivanka Trump chided by group alleging US$1-an-hour pay in Chinese factories 1495067814 World Special counsel Mueller named to probe Trump-Russia ties 1495067813 World Leaders of China, South Korea could meet as early as July at G20 meeting: South Korea envoy 1495067186 Business Singtel Q4 profit up 1.8% helped by broadband, mobile data services 1495067515 World US admiral in ‘Fat Leonard’ navy scandal sentenced to 18 months 1495065720 Entertainment ‘Resident Evil’ lays zombies to rest after 15 grisly years 1495066611 Business Germany's Lidl to price groceries up to 50 percent below U.S. rivals People walk past a Lidl supermaket in Paris. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 12:10 AM, May 18, 2017 NEW YORK - German discount grocery chain Lidl, which is opening its first U.S. stores this summer, said its products would be up to 50 percent cheaper than competitors, which are already caught up in a price war. "This is the right time for us to enter the United States," Brendan Proctor, chief executive officer for Lidl U.S., told Reuters at a media event in New York late on Tuesday. "We are confident in our model. We adapt quickly, so it's not about whether a market works for us but really about what we will do to make it work." Lidl, which runs 10,000 stores in 27 countries, and German rival Aldi Inc <ALDIEI.UL> have already upended Britain's grocery retail market, hurting incumbents like Tesco Plc <TSCO.L> and Wal-Mart Stores Inc's <WMT.N> ASDA supermarket chain. Lidl said it would open its first 20 U.S. stores in North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia, starting on June 15. Eighty more will follow in the United States within the first year, which Procter said would create 5,000 jobs. . Analysts estimate the company will have more than 330 U.S. stores by 2020. The stores will be 20,000 square feet in size and have only six aisles. The retailer's in-house brands will account for 90 percent of the products. The first 100 stores are newly constructed standalone retail properties that Lidl owns and developed. The company is open to leasing locations as it opens new stores, Proctor said. As Reuters first reported, Wal-Mart is running price tests in 11 U.S. states, pushing vendors to undercut rivals by 15 percent, and Aldi is aiming for prices 21 percent below its U.S. competition. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble Yahoo to buy back $3 billion shares in tender offer World's rich confident they can scale wall of global risk: survey Workers say Wal-Mart discriminated against thousands of pregnant women Whole Foods names new CFO, directors Whole Foods in board shake-up amid investor pressure: source Whole Foods board overhaul fails to satisfy activist Jana: source Western Digital takes legal action to block sale of Toshiba's chip unit Western banks eclipsed by China's along the new Silk Road Wells Fargo eyes return to mortgage deals shunned since crisis Wells Fargo doubles cost-cut goal but offers soft revenue outlook Inside Today World Australian tax chief faces charges after son's cars, guns and money fraud romp ‘Too intense,’ Najib says of dialogue where fight broke out South Korea prepares for summit with United States: ministry Erdogan says Turkey will act if Syrian Kurdish militia attacks: media Brazil president taped discussing pay-off for witness in graft probe: O Globo Business Asia falls as White House turmoil spoils risk sentiment, dollar bruised MAS finalising plans to lease aircraft from third party Qualcomm ups ante in fight with Apple, sues four Taiwanese suppliers Oil prices dip as supply remains ample despite output cuts U.S. preparing to sue Fiat Chrysler over excess diesel emissions Sports DJ Calvin Harris to close 2017 Singapore Grand Prix Li Jiawei wants to groom the next table tennis star Cut in Games events, facility woes hit Singapore shooting hard Sharapova vows to rise again after French Open snub Garena Young Lions head coach Selvaraj quits post for ‘family reasons’ Entertainment DJ Calvin Harris to close 2017 Singapore Grand Prix ‘Resident Evil’ lays zombies to rest after 15 grisly years Say 'teng bong' to S'pore's first Kristang language festival Additional tickets for Amei World Tour in June for sale on Thursday Interactive art to feature at new kids’ Biennale About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Crews respond to elevator fire in Charleston - WOWK 13 Charleston, Huntington WV News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home News Bizarre News Crime/Courts Education Emergencies Government Health Missing Persons More News Recalls Special Reports Weather StormTracker 13 Weather App 7 Day Forecast Weather Eyes Radar Local Temps Regional Sat/Rad Regional Temps Regional Sat School Closings Local Weather Warnings Sports College Sports High School Sports High School Sports Scores Hooked on the Outdoors Local Sports Marshall Sports West Virginia Illustrated WV Power Baseball Video Community Hidden History Events Calendar Journey WOWKitchen Recipe West Virginia Day What's On WOWK TV Schedule Contests About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us EEO/Public Files FCC Public Inspection File Meet the Team Tactive Digital Work For Us Crews respond to elevator fire in Charleston Posted: Wednesday, May 17, 2017 12:47 PM EDT Updated: Wednesday, May 17, 2017 12:47 PM EDT By Lucas Bosley, Assignment Editor Email Connect lbosley@wowktv.com Dispatchers tell 13 News that a small fire broke out in an elevator today after a lit cigarette made contact with insulation material. The fire was reported on Court Street near the Judicial Annex Building. It occurred at roughly 12:30 p.m. Crews have already put the small fire out and traffic has returned to normal. The Charleston Fire Department responded to the scene. EmergenciesMore>> Investigation 'Promised' into Incident Between High School Student and Police Officer Investigation 'Promised' into Incident Between High School Student and Police Officer Updated: Wednesday, May 17 2017 8:06 PM EDT2017-05-18 00:06:51 GMT After seeing the video tape of a brawl between a high school student and a Logan County Police Officer, Logan County School Board President, Paul Hardesty promises an investigation into the incident.   After seeing the video tape of a brawl between a high school student and a Logan County Police Officer, Logan County School Board President, Paul Hardesty promises an investigation into the incident.   Crews respond to elevator fire in Charleston Crews respond to elevator fire in Charleston Updated: Wednesday, May 17 2017 12:47 PM EDT2017-05-17 16:47:56 GMT Dispatchers tell 13 News that a small fire broke out in an elevator today after a lit cigarette made contact with insulation material. The fire was reported on Court Street near the Judicial Annex Building. It occurred at roughly 12:30 p.m. Crews have already put the small fire out and traffic has returned to normal. The Charleston Fire Department responded to the scene. Dispatchers tell 13 News that a small fire broke out in an elevator today after a lit cigarette made contact with insulation material. The fire was reported on Court Street near the Judicial Annex Building. It occurred at roughly 12:30 p.m. Crews have already put the small fire out and traffic has returned to normal. The Charleston Fire Department responded to the scene. Driver caught on camera hitting child, driving away Driver caught on camera hitting child, driving away Updated: Tuesday, May 16 2017 5:12 PM EDT2017-05-16 21:12:15 GMT Home surveillance video shows a gold Ford Explorer fishtailing down a road. The video shows the driver run into a family’s front yard, hit their truck, swing back out into the street and then hit a 7th-grade boy who was riding his bike. Home surveillance video shows a gold Ford Explorer fishtailing down a road. The video shows the driver run into a family’s front yard, hit their truck, swing back out into the street and then hit a 7th-grade boy who was riding his bike. GPS placed on truck of victim's brother in Ohio GPS placed on truck of victim's brother in Ohio Updated: Tuesday, May 16 2017 4:54 PM EDT2017-05-16 20:54:51 GMT WAVERLY, Ohio (AP) - Authorities have charged the brother of one of the eight victims of an unsolved Ohio massacre with tampering with evidence and vandalism, accusing him of destroying a GPS device.      The Ohio attorney general's office on Tuesday announced the charges against 40-year-old James Manley, of Peebles, in southern Ohio.      Authorities say Manley destroyed the device being used in the investigation of the slayings. WAVERLY, Ohio (AP) - Authorities have charged the brother of one of the eight victims of an unsolved Ohio massacre with tampering with evidence and vandalism, accusing him of destroying a GPS device.      The Ohio attorney general's office on Tuesday announced the charges against 40-year-old James Manley, of Peebles, in southern Ohio.      Authorities say Manley destroyed the device being used in the investigation of the slayings. Sheriff: 4-year-old fatally shoots himself at day care Sheriff: 4-year-old fatally shoots himself at day care Officials say a 4-year-old boy has died after shooting himself at a child care provider. Officials say a 4-year-old boy has died after shooting himself at a child care provider. One dead in fatal farm equipment accident in Meigs County One dead in fatal farm equipment accident in Meigs County Updated: Tuesday, May 16 2017 12:35 PM EDT2017-05-16 16:35:30 GMT MEIGS COUNTY, OH - According to a release from the Meigs County Sheriff's Office, a man was found dead after becoming trapped under farming equipment. The accident happened near Cullums Road yesterday, May 15th. 2017 at roughly 6:42 p.m. Gregory Davis was found beneath a brush hog that he had been working on. Investigators discovered that blocks supporting the brush hog failed, causing the equipment to fall onto Davis, trapping him. Meigs County EMS and Pomeroy Fire Departmen... MEIGS COUNTY, OH - According to a release from the Meigs County Sheriff's Office, a man was found dead after becoming trapped under farming equipment. The accident happened near Cullums Road yesterday, May 15th. 2017 at roughly 6:42 p.m. Gregory Davis was found beneath a brush hog that he had been working on. Investigators discovered that blocks supporting the brush hog failed, causing the equipment to fall onto Davis, trapping him. Meigs County EMS and Pomeroy Fire Departmen... Mom dies saving 16-year-old daughter from out-of-control car on Mother's Day Mom dies saving 16-year-old daughter from out-of-control car on Mother's Day Updated: Tuesday, May 16 2017 9:00 AM EDT2017-05-16 13:00:36 GMT Diane Aluska, 55, and her 16-year-old daughter, Jenna CBS NEW YORK A mother and her teenage daughter were leaving a bakery with Mother's Day treats in hand on their way home from church Sunday morning, when an out-of-control car jumped the sidewalk and crashed into the pair.  A mother and her teenage daughter were leaving a bakery with Mother's Day treats in hand on their way home from church Sunday morning, when an out-of-control car jumped the sidewalk and crashed into the pair.  Charleston Man Arrested for Holding Woman Against Will with Son Charleston Man Arrested for Holding Woman Against Will with Son Updated: Monday, May 15 2017 5:38 PM EDT2017-05-15 21:38:22 GMT HUNTINGTON, WV (WOWK) - A man has been arrested after holding a woman against her will with her son. According to  criminal complaint, an undersigned officer arrived at the Walmart on Route 60 in Huntington to find Alisha Toler hiding near the customer service area. According to Toler, 29-year-old Timothy Baker, of Charleston, held her against her will with her son in a Nissan truck until she was able to escape at Walmart. She advised that she agreed to go on a date with ... HUNTINGTON, WV (WOWK) - A man has been arrested after holding a woman against her will with her son. According to  criminal complaint, an undersigned officer arrived at the Walmart on Route 60 in Huntington to find Alisha Toler hiding near the customer service area. According to Toler, 29-year-old Timothy Baker, of Charleston, held her against her will with her son in a Nissan truck until she was able to escape at Walmart. She advised that she agreed to go on a date with ... Police say 2 killed in jet crash near New York Police say 2 killed in jet crash near New York Updated: Monday, May 15 2017 4:58 PM EDT2017-05-15 20:58:05 GMT A private jet has gone down in Carlstadt, N.J., according to police. A private jet has gone down in Carlstadt, N.J., according to police. Overnight house fire kills 7 in Akron, bodies removed from home Overnight house fire kills 7 in Akron, bodies removed from home Updated: Monday, May 15 2017 2:46 PM EDT2017-05-15 18:46:22 GMT Cleveland 19 AKRON, OH (WOIO) - Firefighters are investigating an overnight fatal house fire in Akron on Monday that resulted seven fatalities. The fire was reported at 2:46 a.m. at a home located in the 600 block of Fultz Street. A resident on Fultz Street called 911 to report the fire. According to Lieutenant Sierjie Lash with the Akron Fire Department, firefighters arrived to an intense, fully-involved house fire. The home was structurally unsafe, so crews were not able to... AKRON, OH (WOIO) - Firefighters are investigating an overnight fatal house fire in Akron on Monday that resulted seven fatalities. The fire was reported at 2:46 a.m. at a home located in the 600 block of Fultz Street. A resident on Fultz Street called 911 to report the fire. According to Lieutenant Sierjie Lash with the Akron Fire Department, firefighters arrived to an intense, fully-involved house fire. The home was structurally unsafe, so crews were not able to...    Top VideoMore>> Golf Academy Golf Tip (May 17, 2017) Golf Academy Golf Tip (May 17, 2017) Special Session - Day Five; Progress Still Slow Special Session - Day Five; Progress Still Slow Herbert Hoover seniors set to graduate after unconventional senior year Herbert Hoover seniors set to graduate after unconventional senior year Live On A Near Record Day With 5 Year Old Golfer Live On A Near Record Day With 5 Year Old Golfer Near Record Heat - Time To Get Outside Near Record Heat - Time To Get Outside    SlideshowsMore>> 14 Mother's Day Facts Little May Know 14 Mother's Day Facts Little May Know 14 Mother's Day Facts Little May Know Updated: Thursday, May 11 2017 10:13 AM EDT2017-05-11 14:13:03 GMT 14 Mother's Day Facts Little May Know Mother's Day is an annual holiday that we all feel we are pretty familiar with. Although, it holds a history to it that many of us might be impressed and amazed to learn...including some local history to the Tri-State's very own Webster, West Virginia. Here are 14 Mother's Day Facts Little May Know.... Mother's Day is an annual holiday that we all feel we are pretty familiar with. Although, it holds a history to it that many of us might be impressed and amazed to learn...including some local history to the Tri-State's very own Webster, West Virginia. Here are 14 Mother's Day Facts Little May Know.... Target recalling more than 500k water absorbing toys because of ingestion hazard Target recalling more than 500k water absorbing toys because of ingestion hazard Updated: Thursday, April 13 2017 11:37 AM EDT2017-04-13 15:37:23 GMT The Consumer Product Safety Commission says if a child swallows a toy, it could expand inside the stomach causing several medical issues and require surgery for removal. The Consumer Product Safety Commission says if a child swallows a toy, it could expand inside the stomach causing several medical issues and require surgery for removal. Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood Kick Off Visit in Charleston, WV Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood Kick Off Visit in Charleston, WV Updated: Tuesday, October 25 2016 5:12 PM EDT2016-10-25 21:12:29 GMT Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood kicked off their four show weekend in Charleston, WV on October 21st. The show on Friday began at 7:30. The duo will also have two shows on October 22nd and one show on October 23rd.  The weekend event is expected to bring more than 50,000 people to the capital city.  Garth Brooks says that Charleston, WV is one of the funnest cities to play. "They come here to have fun and that's our kind of people. We are expecting this weekend to ... Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood kicked off their four show weekend in Charleston, WV on October 21st. The show on Friday began at 7:30. The duo will also have two shows on October 22nd and one show on October 23rd.  The weekend event is expected to bring more than 50,000 people to the capital city.  Garth Brooks says that Charleston, WV is one of the funnest cities to play. "They come here to have fun and that's our kind of people. We are expecting this weekend to ... Kenova Pumpkin House Preps for Halloween Kenova Pumpkin House Preps for Halloween Updated: Monday, October 24 2016 3:31 PM EDT2016-10-24 19:31:36 GMT Every year for the past 25 years, Ric Griffith's Kenova, WV home gets converted into the Pumpkin House. Every year for the past 25 years, Ric Griffith's Kenova, WV home gets converted into the Pumpkin House. List of events at the Rod Run & Doo Wop List of events at the Rod Run & Doo Wop Updated: Friday, October 7 2016 8:51 AM EDT2016-10-07 12:51:07 GMT Here's a list of all the events you can attend. Here's a list of all the events you can attend.    WeatherMore>> GO / View Larger >> 7 Day Forecast School Closings Predictor Email Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> Police searching for Athens County parents convicted of severely injuring baby girl Police searching for Athens County parents convicted of severely injuring baby girl Updated: Wednesday, May 17 2017 4:57 PM EDT2017-05-17 20:57:37 GMT Police are searching for a man and woman convicted of several injuring their infant child. Police are searching for a man and woman convicted of several injuring their infant child. Investigation 'Promised' into Incident Between High School Student and Police Officer Investigation 'Promised' into Incident Between High School Student and Police Officer Updated: Wednesday, May 17 2017 8:06 PM EDT2017-05-18 00:06:51 GMT After seeing the video tape of a brawl between a high school student and a Logan County Police Officer, Logan County School Board President, Paul Hardesty promises an investigation into the incident.   After seeing the video tape of a brawl between a high school student and a Logan County Police Officer, Logan County School Board President, Paul Hardesty promises an investigation into the incident.   Parents arrested after newborn found with severe rat bites Parents arrested after newborn found with severe rat bites Updated: Tuesday, May 16 2017 7:53 PM EDT2017-05-16 23:53:44 GMT An Arkansas mother and father were arrested after their 15-day-old baby was found with severe rat bites. On May 14, a Magnolia Police officer was dispatched to Magnolia Regional Medical Center for a report of a child with rat bites. The nurse at the hospital told the officer the child weighed about five pounds and had been bitten at least 100 times.  An Arkansas mother and father were arrested after their 15-day-old baby was found with severe rat bites. On May 14, a Magnolia Police officer was dispatched to Magnolia Regional Medical Center for a report of a child with rat bites. The nurse at the hospital told the officer the child weighed about five pounds and had been bitten at least 100 times.  Thieves now using Bluetooth devices at gas pumps to steal your data Thieves now using Bluetooth devices at gas pumps to steal your data Updated: Wednesday, May 17 2017 10:16 AM EDT2017-05-17 14:16:21 GMT  Thieves are now getting your credit card numbers from gas pumps in a new way you might never even notice. So how do they do it?  Thieves are now getting your credit card numbers from gas pumps in a new way you might never even notice. So how do they do it? Girl, 10, chokes on fidget spinner part Girl, 10, chokes on fidget spinner part Updated: Wednesday, May 17 2017 10:28 PM EDT2017-05-18 02:28:06 GMT NBC 4 The mother of a 10-year-old girl who choked on a bearing from a fidget spinner is now warning other parents about her daughter’s experience. The mother of a 10-year-old girl who choked on a bearing from a fidget spinner is now warning other parents about her daughter’s experience. Jailer: Inmate gives birth in cell, baby doing well Jailer: Inmate gives birth in cell, baby doing well A Kentucky jailer says a pregnant inmate has given birth in her cell and the baby is doing well. A Kentucky jailer says a pregnant inmate has given birth in her cell and the baby is doing well. West Virginia Mother Charged with Gross Neglect After Son Ingests Opioid West Virginia Mother Charged with Gross Neglect After Son Ingests Opioid Updated: Tuesday, May 16 2017 1:41 PM EDT2017-05-16 17:41:35 GMT West Virginia State Police have arrested a woman they said allowed her child to get into drugs. West Virginia State Police have arrested a woman they said allowed her child to get into drugs. Greenup couple indicted for locking child in bedroom with barred windows Greenup couple indicted for locking child in bedroom with barred windows Updated: Wednesday, May 17 2017 1:11 PM EDT2017-05-17 17:11:43 GMT GREENUP COUNTY, KY - Two parents from Greenup, KY were indicted by a grand jury today after allegedly locking their child in a bedroom with barred windows and a pad lock. Franklin and Sandra Torres, both 52, have been charged wih Unlawful Imprisonment and Failure to Report Child Dependency, Neglect, or Abuse.  According to court documents, the the child was kept in a locked room from June 2016 to January 2017. They couple was charged because they failed to report this informat... GREENUP COUNTY, KY - Two parents from Greenup, KY were indicted by a grand jury today after allegedly locking their child in a bedroom with barred windows and a pad lock. Franklin and Sandra Torres, both 52, have been charged wih Unlawful Imprisonment and Failure to Report Child Dependency, Neglect, or Abuse.  According to court documents, the the child was kept in a locked room from June 2016 to January 2017. They couple was charged because they failed to report this informat... Parents: Toddler suffered 2nd degree burns on feet playing on splash pad Parents: Toddler suffered 2nd degree burns on feet playing on splash pad Updated: Wednesday, May 17 2017 3:05 PM EDT2017-05-17 19:05:20 GMT A toddler is recovering from second-degree burns, and his parents say those burns happened at a city splash pad playground. A toddler is recovering from second-degree burns, and his parents say those burns happened at a city splash pad playground. Sheriff: 4-year-old fatally shoots himself at day care Sheriff: 4-year-old fatally shoots himself at day care Officials say a 4-year-old boy has died after shooting himself at a child care provider. Officials say a 4-year-old boy has died after shooting himself at a child care provider.    WOWKTV.COM 350 Quarrier Street Charleston, WV 25301 Main (304) 343-1313 Fax (304) 343-6138 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 Frankly Media and WOWK. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Thu, May 18, 2017 - Page 10　 Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Google fund founder Maris launches Section 32 with about US$150 million NY Times News Service, SAN FRANCISCO Bill Maris surprised many people in August last year when he stepped down from GV, the huge venture capital fund associated with Google, and left many wondering what he would do next. Now, he is unveiling his new effort. Maris announced on Tuesday that he has opened a new fund, Section 32, with about US$150 million under management. It is to invest in a variety of industries, from healthcare to agriculture technology. “I left GV and knew that I wanted to start a fund of my own,” he said in a telephone interview. “My whole career has been about building things from scratch. I just wanted to do it at a different scale.” It is the latest move for Maris, who began his career at the Swedish investment firm Investor AB before founding a Web hosting company that he later sold. He is best known for joining what is now Alphabet, Google’s parent company, and setting up what was initially known as Google Ventures. At GV, Maris took pride in building what he has said was a real venture firm within the confines of a huge corporation. Among GV’s most successful bets were investments like Uber, Slack and Jet.com, which was sold to Wal-Mart last summer for about US$3.3 billion. Maris left GV amid a sweeping corporate reorganization at Google. He has said that the changes there had nothing to do with his departure. After leaving, he considered setting up a new fund, but one on a bigger scale, with reports putting its target at about US$230 million. Then he changed his mind, Maris said. “There was something about it that didn’t feel entirely right,” he said. “People sometimes make the mistake of judging funds by size.” Maris ultimately decided that he wanted to return to venture capital, at what has become Section 32. However, he has aimed for a smaller operation, with him as the sole general partner for now. It operates from his home in San Diego, rather than Silicon Valley. Section 32 is to invest in a broad array of sectors, despite speculation that Maris, who studied neuroscience at Middlebury College in Vermont, would focus solely on health-related start-ups. Maris acknowledged that the venture capital industry is awash in money — about US$121 billion in capital is waiting to be deployed, according to estimates from Goldman Sachs. However, he said that there was still room for another new fund and that plenty of opportunities for successful investments still exist. “We’re looking at unprecedented opportunities that can have impact and can be at a scale that were not totally imaginable in the past,” Maris said. “There’s always one part of the market that’s a little frothy. I tend to avoid the trendier areas for that reason,” he said. This story has been viewed 909 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-05-11 to 2017-05-18 Most read Most e-mailed 1 US strongly backs Taiwan’s WHA bid 2 [ LETTER ] 3 Medical group condemns Kuo Kuan-ying’s remarks on sexual assault 4 Green Island arts festival launched to remember era 5 Taiwanese officials ready to work from WHA sidelines MORE  1 Ministry to communicate with US over espionage 2 Retired military police officer indicted for spying 3 Giant’s net income falls on slowing Chinese demand 4 Second suspect investigated in spy case 5 Ruling supports Taishin’s bid MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Job Board Social Good Summit Watercooler Like Follow Follow Shopper wrestles deer to ground after it finds its way into a Walmart 404 Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? By Tyler Schmall2017-05-17 16:29:21 UTC Shoppers in Wadena, Minnesota, were in for a surprise on Tuesday evening when a deer suddenly got the urge to do some shopping and wandered into a Walmart location. SEE ALSO: This stag with a bra stuck on its antlers has some serious explaining to do Thankfully, a customer noticed the deal-seeking animal and was able to subdue the deer before anything got out of hand. Which spurned this wonderful photo: That's right. That is a man holding a deer in a headlock on top of a pile of dog food. Glorious. Wadena authorities reported that nobody was injured in the incident and the deer was set free outside the store.  So a message to all deer who want to shop at Walmart: do not even try. We will take you down. WATCH: If this alarm clock doesn't get you out of bed nothing will Topics: deer, Wal-Mart, Watercooler About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Review: Huawei Watch 2 loses the charm of its predecessor [Video] Trending in Google How to install & run Google Assistant on your Mac or PC desktop [Video] Trending in Google Best Android smartwatches you can buy [May 2017] Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [May 2017] Trending in Google Review: The BlackBerry Keyone is a step back in time that I really want to love [Video] Trending in Google Review: Acer Chromebook 11 N7 is a rugged, affordable laptop for students [Video] Yesterday GOOG: 919.62 -23.38 Huawei MediaPad T3-7 is available now at a Walmart near you Hayato Huseman - May. 17th 2017 9:02 am PT Huawei View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Huawei refreshed its tablet lineup today with the affordable new MediaPad T3-7, now available exclusively online and at over 2300 Walmart locations across the US. For just $89, it’s a small, thin tablet targeted towards users of all ages, with content control options to keep children from accessing things they shouldn’t. The MediaPad T3-7 has a 7-inch IPS display with fairly small 6.1mm bezels, and the aluminum unibody enclosure measures in at 8.6mm thick and 243 grams. For connectivity’s sake, it supports both 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz Wi-Fi. The front and rear cameras are both 2 MP, which should be good enough for video calling or scanning documents – though probably not much else. Internally, the T3-7 has 16 GB of onboard storage, expandable via microSD up to an additional 128 GB. At $89, the T3-7 sits within impulse buy territory for shoppers who don’t need all the bells and whistles of a premium tablet. With an aluminum design, slim bezels, and Android 6.0, it certainly looks more compelling than the off-brand tablets you’d typically find at its price range. Hayato Huseman Hayato is a writer and video producer for 9to5Google, and can be found on Twitter @hayatohuseman. Favorite Gear MacBook Pro 15" w/ Touch Bar Panasonic GH3 Panasonic 12-35mm f/2.8 Guides Huawei View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Police & Fire Politics Marijuana news MGM Springfield Business Weather Opinion Traffic Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu Today's obituaries Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive on YouTube MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Patriots on Facebook Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest Back to Main Menu MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters comments Hadley to see 2 more large solar arrays built in town IMG_0139.JPG Nexamp Inc. will build a solar array here off Westgate Drive in Hadley and at at adjacent parcel near the Hampshire Mall. (Diane Lederman/The Republican) Print Email Diane Lederman | dlederman@repub.com By Diane Lederman | dlederman@repub.com The Republican Follow on Twitter on May 17, 2017 at 12:21 PM, updated May 17, 2017 at 12:22 PM comments HADLEY -- The town will soon be home to two additional large-scale solar arrays, bringing the total number to six, according to assessor Daniel H. Zdonek. The Planning Board Tuesday night approved Boston-based Nexamp Inc.'s proposal to build a 2.1 and 2.6 megawatt arrays on land owned by Allard Farms off Westgate Drive and South Maple Street, near the Hampshire Mall. The parcels are adjacent to each other, Zdonek said. The arrays should only be visible to people at the Staples or Howard Johnson's on Route 9. The site is where Walmart had proposed building a 212,000 square-foot superstore but withdrew plans in 2008. Nexamp has already built two arrays on Allard land off Mill Valley Road, also near the Hampshire Mall. One array was finished in 2012 and the other in 2016. Those arrays can be seen from the road. Those two projects provide a combined 5.4 megawatts of power, according to a Nexamp press release announcing the competition of the Mill Valley Road project last year.   Hampshire College has a solar array that spans Hadley and Amherst. Another array is on Huntington Road. The six projects combined will pay the town about $100,000 in lieu of taxes, Zdonek said. Town Administrator David Nixon said the town has seen a 21 percent reduction in electric bills in five municipal buildings as well. The town expects to save about $300,000 in electricity costs over 20 years, according to Nixon. Eversource is also proposing a solar array on South Maple Street, but that hearing was continued until June 6. MASSLIVE ON SOCIAL MEDIA MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter MassLive on YouTube Breaking News newsletter When the big stories break, we'll send you an alert. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you You are now signed up for our Breaking News newsletter. You will receive occasional emails from us as stories break. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. MassLive on mobile See All » Sign up for custom notifications Sign up for custom traffic text alerts Sign up for breaking news text alerts MassLive Apps » Most Read The Republican Archives Search the historical archive (1844-1988) Newsbank article archives (1988-present) About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Germany's Lidl to price groceries up to 50 percent below US rivals Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Germany's Lidl to price groceries up to 50 percent below US rivals Advertisement Business Germany's Lidl to price groceries up to 50 percent below US rivals German discount grocery chain Lidl, which is opening its first U.S. stores this summer, said its products would be up to 50 percent cheaper than competitors, which are already caught up in a price war. FILE PHOTO: People walk past a Lidl supermaket in Paris, France, March 1, 2016. REUTERS/Jacky Naegelen 18 May 2017 12:10AM Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail NEW YORK: German discount grocery chain Lidl, which is opening its first U.S. stores this summer, said its products would be up to 50 percent cheaper than competitors, which are already caught up in a price war. "This is the right time for us to enter the United States," Brendan Proctor, chief executive officer for Lidl U.S., told Reuters at a media event in New York late on Tuesday. "We are confident in our model. We adapt quickly, so it's not about whether a market works for us but really about what we will do to make it work." Lidl, which runs 10,000 stores in 27 countries, and German rival Aldi Inc have already upended Britain's grocery retail market, hurting incumbents like Tesco Plc and Wal-Mart Stores Inc's ASDA supermarket chain. Lidl said it would open its first 20 U.S. stores in North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia, starting on June 15. Eighty more will follow in the United States within the first year, which Procter said would create 5,000 jobs. . Analysts estimate the company will have more than 330 U.S. stores by 2020. Advertisement Advertisement The stores will be 20,000 square feet in size and have only six aisles. The retailer's in-house brands will account for 90 percent of the products. The first 100 stores are newly constructed standalone retail properties that Lidl owns and developed. The company is open to leasing locations as it opens new stores, Proctor said. As Reuters first reported, Wal-Mart is running price tests in 11 U.S. states, pushing vendors to undercut rivals by 15 percent, and Aldi is aiming for prices 21 percent below its U.S. competition. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in New York; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
Log In | Become a Member | Contact Us Leading printing executives into the future Connect on Twitter | Facebook | LinkedIn Home Economics Wide Format Labels & Packaging Print Software Webinars White Papers Report Store Jobs News Commentary & Analysis Data Analysis Video Center Podcasts Merger & Acquisitions Featured:     Industrial Print Analysis     European Coverage     Production Inkjet Analysis Productivity soars after SGS adds new 141-inch Colter & Peterson SABER X-15 paper cutter Wednesday, May 17, 2017 Press release from the issuing company West Caldwell, NJ – One of the tags lines SGS in Cincinnati uses to promote its capabilities is “We are Better. Faster. Leaner.” Talk about truth in advertising. Since adding a mammoth new 141” SABER® X-15 paper cutter with Microcut® from longtime service vendor Colter & Peterson in early January, its productivity numbers are literally through the roof. “We really like it. The SABER X-15 is making our jobs much easier,” remarked James Grasso, the Finishing Supervisor at SGS, who quickly explained how much he likes it. “We use it to cut large wall panels that are printed digitally and used as backdrop displays in stores by some of our retail customers. Previously it was a very long process; we would cut 400 sheets per 8-hour shift. Now we cut the same amount in just one hour, and there are times we use the SABER for two or three consecutive shifts.” SGS is the packaging and marketing production arm of SGS Co, which is tasked with strategic brand design, adaptive design, integrated shopper marketing and other facets for top leading retailers such as Target and Wal-Mart, and other Fortune 500 brand names ranging from Loreal, Pepsico and Pfizer to Mondelez, Walgreens and Wrigley. Based on the east side of Cincinnati near the northern banks of the Ohio River, SGS employs about 200 workers. Grasso, said there are no restrictions on what SGS is using the SABER X-15 to cut, including Eflute for square headers. “We’ve used it to cut 24-poin paper and other substrates. We cut 60 mil for 48” by 24” sheets that we run through our large HP flatbed printer,” informed Grasso. With the company since 2009, he manages a crew of 10 that operate two other Colter & Peterson serviced units: a 60” Polar and 54” SABER. “The SABER X-15 also trims 100” sheets that we used a smaller guillotine for previously, but we had to bust it in half and cut each half separately. It’s only a matter of time before we use it for an 80 mil job; our customers are always stretching the limits of the machines. We cut a single sheet of 80 mil with the SABER and the blade went straight through. It was impressive since thick styrene is a really stout plastic material. Our smaller cutter couldn’t do it.” Most cutters can’t match what the SABER X-15 brings to the table. Not many printers have a 141-inch paper cutter in their arsenal. It opens doors and others can’t match the capability and efficiencies it delivers. As Grasso explains, there is a lot to like about the machine and the automated Microcut computer control system, besides its size and reliability. “The Microcut programs are nice and easy to use and we can do any large format size. We have a 15-inch touchscreen and the intuitive programming makes setting up jobs a snap,” said Grasso. “The laser light lets you see your cut mark so you can hit it exactly for what you need. The accuracy of the blade is very good. Once the file goes through, we just hit a button and it makes the cut. It’s also easy to remove the blade when it comes time to change it. We use it on a daily basis and so far, we’ve changed it three times, or about every five weeks.”      Tweet       Email    Print    Order Reprints   Post a Comment To post a comment Log In or Become a Member, doing so is simple and free   Industry News M13 Graphics Signs LOI with Komori for the Impremia NS40 K+D's Passion and Esko's Equinox Ensure a Perfect Color Match Southport Printing Finds Success with CRON-ECRM Benefits of Recycled Paper Explained in Brochure Debut from Appleton Coated Quark Releases Content Automation Trends Report 2017 FASTSIGNS Leveraging Epson-3M UltraChrome GS3 Ink in Epson SureColor S-Series Solvent Printers New Printing.org Website Launches Today All Today's Industry News » SHARE Email Tweet Print Video Dave Fenske on value proposition of direct Marketing Landa Digital Printing Shares North America Rollout Plans Postal Update: Postal Reform and Rate Making Process Updates Industry Association Update: What's happening at Idealliance Steve Portrude of Harwill Express Press Recommends Idealliance and Its Experience Conference Frank Catches up with Print Evangelist Daniel Dejean More Video » WhatTheyThink Job Board Customer Service Representative (CSR) at VDP Direct in San Diego Flexo Sales Manager at CRON-ECRM in Nationwide Sales manager - Digital Printing Plates and CTP at CRON-ECRM in US CEO at Brilliant, Inc in Exton, PA Print Press Manager/Operator at Schur Star Systems, Inc. in Carlsbad, CA View More Jobs Recent Blog Posts Customer Experience 2.0 (Digital Nirvana) 25 Tips for Successful Content Marketing (Digital Nirvana) Unemployment Rate Steady at 6.3%; Data Imply Stabilizing Labor Market (Dr. Joe) What is Responsive Web Design? (Digital Nirvana) Digital Print Quality Issue: Punch, Counterpunch (Digital Nirvana) Are Younger Designers Unaware of Local Printing and Support? (Digital Nirvana) More » Recent Webinars Getting in the Omni-Channel Game April Economic Webinar: Commercial Printing Shipments Decline, Industry Profits March Economic Webinar: Publishing and Ad Agency Markets, Capital investment in the Printing Industry February Economic Webinar: Printing Shipments, Employment, and Marketing Trends More Webinars » Become a Member Join the thousands of printing executives who are already part of the WhatTheyThink Community. Log in or register to access your WhatTheyThink Account Help & Member Center Contact Us Member Center About About WhatTheyThink Syndication and News Licensing Reprints Sponsorship Submit Your News Privacy Policy Terms WhatTheyThink Services Consulting Research Speakers Bureau Economic Advisory Service Corporate Membership   Copyright © 2017 WhatTheyThink. All Rights Reserved    
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Germany's Lidl to price groceries up to 50 pct below U.S. rivals By Reuters Published: 12:03 EDT, 17 May 2017 | Updated: 12:03 EDT, 17 May 2017 e-mail By Nandita Bose NEW YORK, May 17 (Reuters) - German discount grocery chain Lidl, which is opening its first U.S. stores this summer, said its products would be up to 50 percent cheaper than competitors, which are already caught up in a price war. "This is the right time for us to enter the United States," Brendan Proctor, chief executive officer for Lidl U.S., told Reuters at a media event in New York late on Tuesday. "We are confident in our model. We adapt quickly, so it's not about whether a market works for us but really about what we will do to make it work." Lidl, which runs 10,000 stores in 27 countries, and German rival Aldi Inc have already upended Britain's grocery retail market, hurting incumbents like Tesco Plc and Wal-Mart Stores Inc's ASDA supermarket chain. Lidl said it would open its first 20 U.S. stores in North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia, starting on June 15. Eighty more will follow in the United States within the first year, which Procter said would create 5,000 jobs. . Analysts estimate the company will have more than 330 U.S. stores by 2020. The stores will be 20,000 square feet in size and have only six aisles. The retailer's in-house brands will account for 90 percent of the products. The first 100 stores are newly constructed standalone retail properties that Lidl owns and developed. The company is open to leasing locations as it opens new stores, Proctor said. As Reuters first reported, Wal-Mart is running price tests in 11 U.S. states, pushing vendors to undercut rivals by 15 percent, and Aldi is aiming for prices 21 percent below its U.S. competition. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in New York; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Bella Hadid gropes voluptuous Emily Ratajkowski as they dance the night away at a yacht party after Cannes Film Festival opening gala Master of Ceremonies Monica Bellucci puts on a steamy display with co-host Alex Lutz as she kicks off the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival in sweeping sheer dress Bella, Emily and Lily-Rose rule red carpet as the Cannes Film Festival gets off to a dazzling star... but there's ALREADY been a wardrobe malfunction! PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Scott Disick, 33, and Bella Thorne, 19, look cosy as they hang out at tequila bar during night of partying Susan Sarandon, 70, steals the spotlight from the young models as she flashes her assets in jaw-dropping velvet gown with a racy split at Cannes Opening Gala 10 hilarious holiday moments every mum and daughter go through  SPONSORED Red hot! Penelope Cruz has Baywatch moment while hitting pool in crimson one-piece... as she enjoys break from filming American Crime Story Sam and Billie Faiers are outshone by Paul and Nelly... as tantrums, a failed photoshoot and war over crisps leaves Mummy Diaries viewers in hysterics Peep show! Kendall Jenner strips down to skimpy lacy underwear for psychedelic La Perla campaign Flaunted her assets in skimpy undies Single Red Carpet Female! Emily Ratajkowski mimics Bella Hadid as she sports near-identical version of THAT Cannes slashed dress  Dressed to Kill (Bill)! Uma Thurman, 47, shows off age-defying good looks in pink gown with racy slashed leg as she dazzles at Cannes Opening Gala  Little Mix's Jesy Nelson puts on racy display in plunging bra and knickers as she poses with 'sidekick' Leigh-Anne Pinnock in cheeky Instagram post 'He's nervous in an excited, good way!' George Clooney is 'hunkering down' in England until birth of twins Two is the magic number 'You're famous enough!' Billie Faiers' fiancé Greg Shepherd BANS her from breastfeeding on social media... as fans call for Mummy Diaries spin-off  The HI life! Margot Robbie looks thrilled as she enjoys a picnic with Tom Ackerley during romantic day in Hawaii Enjoyed a cute picnic in Hawaii  Abs-ey Clancy! BNTM judge goes braless beneath sheer crochet crop top with jeans as she tends to NAKED contestants on Cape Verde beach shoot MIC's Louise Thompson flaunts her peachy posterior in thong as she floods Instagram with holiday snaps from her sixth getaway in five months Tum-thing amazing! Kylie Jenner shows off her abs in a revealing sports bra as she films new reality series in West Hollywood Rocked a revealing bra Marion Cotillard dazzles in two glamorous ensembles as her new movie Ismael's Ghosts premieres on opening night of Cannes  One Elle of a dress! Ms. Fanning looks sensational in  sweeping pink gown as she makes a bold entrance at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival opening ceremony Julianne Moore wows in stunning scarlet dress with intricate feather detail as she commands attention at Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Jessica Chastain looks stunning in Gothic-inspired strapless gown as she arrives at the 70th Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Hailey Baldwin oozes glamour in plunging deep purple gown as she arrives at 70th Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Turning heads Newly engaged Eva Herzigová dazzles in gold gown as she makes an appearance at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival opening ceremony Naomie Harris brings a rainbow to the red carpet as she dazzles in candy striped gown at the 70th Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala A ray of sunshine! Naomi Watts shows off enviable figure in a pretty yellow floral sundress during busy day out in New York Hollywood sunshine Lifeguard legs! Kelly Rohrbach shows off chiseled pins in high-cut white dress as she swings by Jimmy Kimmel Live! ahead of Baywatch release Dressed to kill: LISA SNOWDON on how you are never too old for bikinis (as long as you wear big knickers) The Dude abides! Jeff Bridges sells Montecito villa with vineyard and orchid greenhouse for $15.9m, almost half the asking price from two years ago Wonder who she Scott them from? Bella Thorne shows off huge bouquet of flowers sent by mystery admirer Every rose has is thorn. And it looked like Scott Golden girl! Kate Moss steals the show in shimmering sheer maxi dress and velvet blazer as she hosts glamorous launch of her new jewellery collection  Jonathan Cheban brought Kardashian family to Mexican restaurant ONE DAY after it reopened following cockroach infestation What a transformation! Penelope Cruz channels Donatella Versace in tight red dress and blonde wig to film scenes for Gianni Versace biopic Felicity Jones 'is engaged to film director beau Charles Guard after two years of dating' The 33-year-old star said: 'Yes' 'I am really proud of Miley': Five years sober Demi Lovato commends alleged feud-mate Cyrus after she stopped using drink and drugs Offered supportive words Love in the air? The Leftovers star Margaret Qualley, 22, rumored to be dating Beasts Of No Nation director Cary Fukunaga, 39 A new rumoir Harry Styles takes to the stage for exclusive Los Angeles gig... as girlfriend Tess Ward speaks out after hateful comments from his fans Monochrome magnificence: Rumer Willis nails Hit 'Em Up Style (Oops!) in Lip Sync Battle sneak peek The 28-year-old daughter of Bruce Willis  New hair, don't care! Katie Price unveils bubblegum pink 'do after teasing transformation... just hours after going on Loose Women with brunette locks How Emma Stone introduced Taylor Swift to her 'charismatic' new man dubbed 'a quintessential panty dropper' who has wowed leading ladies That's her secret! Cameron Diaz shows off her youthful face as she picks up some organic treats at Whole Foods in Beverly Hills Eating well Jessie Wallace is casually chic in chiffon shirt and trendy shades as promotes spin-off series Redwater at BBC Radio 2 with Shane Richie Rose Byrne stuns in glamorous new photoshoot... as she speaks out about 'misogynistic' comedies where women are 'always the nagging one' Short and booty-ful! Ariel Winter heads to the hair salon dressed in a VERY revealing pair of black denim cut-offs Meghan Markle gets into UK and is whisked straight to Kensington Palace ahead of Pippa's weekend wedding Chelsea's Cesc Fabregas is joined by wife Daniella Semaan as they support Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez's partners at Barcelona store launch  James Corden set to return as 2018 Grammy Awards host in New York City after emceeing show in February Suits her well! Rumer Willis steps out in angelic all-white ensemble to support mental health awareness month in LA Angelic in a white suit  'She's head over heels': Katie Holmes 'is tired of hiding romance' with Jamie Foxx as it's revealed duo are 'very serious' after rendezvous in Paris 'We're all doing great': Cheryl breaks her silence on motherhood and jokes about baby son Bear PEEING on her as she returns to social media Liv Tyler puts on sophisticated display in elegant lace top and black tuxedo jacket as she supports pal Kate Moss at launch of her new jewellery range  In it for the Long(oria) haul! Busty Eva shows no sign of fatigue as she leads the glamour at Edinburgh's Global Gift Gala... just hours after hosting same event in Paris Josie Gibson shows off her flawless hourglass frame as she oozes Hollywood glamour in classic gown at Global Gift Gala in Edinburgh She's the belle of THIS ball! Vogue Williams wows in blue strapless gown at the Edinburgh Global Gift Gala... after being 'banned' from Pippa Middleton's wedding amid fears she could steal the limelight The Global Gift that keeps on giving! Ashley James dazzles in futuristic sequinned gown as she attends Eva Longoria's second consecutive charity fundraiser 'They've been inseparable': Joanna Krupa is 'feeling things out' with restaurateur Nico Santucci... just weeks after split with Romain Zago Love can't wait! Joy-Anna Duggar and fiance Austin Forsyth move wedding to this weekend instead of original October date Summer ready! Reese Witherspoon is pretty in patterned red, white and blue skirt... after talking the future of Big Little Lies Showtime! Shirley Ballas is spotted for the first time since being announced as the new head judge on Strictly as she cheers on her dancer son Mark in LA stage show Ex On The Beach star Jess Impiazzi puts on a VERY eye-popping display in low-cut scarlet gown as she makes titillating arrival at the Guide Dogs Awards Quick pick me up! Vanessa Hudgens looks cute in a crop top and military boots as she grabs coffee in West Hollywood Wet and wild! Kylie Jenner shares seductive shot of herself wearing a sheer black one-piece swimsuit Even her backpack is expensive! Khloe Kardashian models $2k Louis Vuitton book bag after loved-up visit to beau Tristan Thompson Bikini-clad Emily Ratajkowski flaunts her incredible toned figure and ample cleavage in bondage inspired two-piece ahead of Cannes Film Festival She won't go under the knife! Katie Holmes 'refuses to give in to Hollywood plastic surgery pressure' as 40th birthday creeps up A bump in The Hills: Pregnant Whitney Port goes comfortable in denim jacket and leggings as she takes stroll through Beverly Hills Holly Willough-BUM-by! Television presenter shows off her very pert derriere in a very sexy pair of skinny jeans as she leaves restaurant She's got it all The nice middle-class girl who's shattered millions of teen hearts: Harry Styles' clean-eating guru girlfriend Tess Ward was outed when she wore the star's Gucci shirt Somber Rosario Dawson emerges for the first time since 'finding cousin Vaneza, 26, dead in her LA home' She's doing it Wright! Busty Kate accentuates her assets in form fitting white top and fitted skirt as she steps out following sunshine break in Italy Will it rain on Pippa's big day? Bride-to-be visits church with mother Carole as forecasters warn of weekend downpours (while James squeezes in some shoe shopping) Is THIS what Pippa's £40,000 'classic with a progressive twist' wedding dress by Ann Summers designer Giles Deacon will look like? 'A sex scene is too easy!' Elsa Pataky says she was 'comfortable' doing takes in the bedroom with real-life husband Chris Hemsworth for their film Horse Soldiers 'We were a family' Growing Pains stars reunite to remember Alan Thicke five months after his death 'Mini-vacation!' Eva Longoria and third husband Jose Baston celebrating wedding anniversary in France Emily Ratajkowski dares to bare as she poses TOPLESS in ornate jewels ahead of Cannes Film Festival opening gala Oh my!  Cara Delevingne covers up her freshly-shaved head with pink and white wig as she continues to film Life In A Year in Canada Sweet treat! Bethenny Frankel and daughter Bryn cool down with a post-school popsicle as they walk home in the sunshine  EXCLUSIVE - 'I sat there crying for 10 minutes': Lisa Vanderpump celebrates China's decision to ban dog meat at annual Yulin Festival after her years of advocacy work Time to ditch the military look, Arnie? Schwarzenegger, 69, harks back to his action hero days in camouflage jacket as he steps out in LA Spicey cracks a smile! Melissa McCarthy grins as New Yorkers cheer her on in outtakes from her latest Sean Spicer SNL skit 'My heart is shattered... I'm in shock': Aaron and Nick Carter in mourning over father's sudden death at 65 Those workouts are paying off! Miley Cyrus flashes toned midriff with mom Tish by her side as she 'takes over' NBC this week Back to the office! Sun-kissed Ricky Martin returns to American Crime Story set after a fun day working on his tan at Miami Beach Running Pretty Wild! Julia Roberts and Bear Grylls team up to deliver life-saving vaccines to children in remote African village for Red Nose Day Michelle Williams looks effortlessly stylish in striped smock dress as she arrives in Nice for Cannes Film Festival No bra, no shirt, no worries! Karrueche Tran wears only a jacket for Turner Upfronts in NYC... as she prepares to testify against Chris Brown That was quick! Penelope Cruz swiftly transforms into Donatella with blonde wig (and Spanx) on set of Gianni Versace biopic Did Gigi introduce Taylor to her new British boyfriend? Singer's best friend met middleclass boy from north London on a modelling shoot as he bid for fame in acting Spellbinding! Claire Danes and Hugh Dancy look like the perfect couple as they take in magician-illusionist Derren Brown's show in NYC 'He's doing much better': Johnny Depp 'is dating again' following messy divorce from Amber Heard and financial woes Val Kilmer claims prayer healed his oral cancer (despite also getting throat surgery to remove the tumor) Seeing double! Sofia Richie and her friend twin it up as they go undercover post-workout   EXCLUSIVE: 'How Jagger seduced me at 17 behind Jerry's back': Lady Antonia Fraser's daughter breaks her silence about their affair for the first time  'What's wrong with you!?' Jeffrey Tambor EMBARRASSES Ryan Seacrest after host awkwardly mistakes him for deceased actor from Ghost ReBranding? Former bad boy Russell looks every inch the doting dad as he carries daughter Mabel on family day out with fiancée Laura Gallacher Victoria Silvstedt looks chic in classic trench coat and oversized sunglasses as she touches down in Nice for Cannes Film Festival 'I didn't enjoy the wedding!' Katie Price admits her lavish £1m nuptials with ex Peter Andre were far from enjoyable as it became 'ridiculous showcase' Now he really is a N*E*R*D! Pharrell receives an honorary Doctor of Fine Arts degree while giving the commencement address at New York University Hatching a bigger family! Tori Spelling gets surprised as Dean McDermott and five kids give her a baby chick for 44th birthday gift 'I will always be the naked girl on a wrecking ball': Miley Cyrus admits she'll never live down raunchy video and has nightmares about it playing at her funeral Wear it one way Ora-nother! Rita dons two pairs of quirky trousers with a heavy knit blue fleece as she touches down in London Changing it up A day off from her Louboutins! Jennifer Lopez is far from glam in baggy clothes and work boots as she shoots Shades Of Blue in NYC A lord and his lady: Lisa Marie Presley ex Michael Lockwood shares a steamy kiss with mystery blond as the pair get their palms read at Renaissance Faire 'I tried to dance on a stripper pole... and I had a BLAST': Defiant Jennifer Lawrence responds after racy footage emerges of her on wild night out at X-rated club  'I was terrified': Top Gun's Kelly McGillis testifies in court as woman who 'broke into her house and attacked her' goes on trial Jennifer Aniston helps Jimmy Kimmel pull prank on Justin Theroux by wrapping his Mercedes-Benz in a giant Emmy nomination advertisement Justin Timberlake rocks hot-pink sneakers during hand-in-hand NYC stroll with wife Jessica Biel Paris Jackson shares rare photo of brother Blanket, 15, before deleting post... as family prepares for eight-year anniversary of Michael's death Abbey days are here again! Michelle Dockery steps out in NYC sporting a smile... following news that Downton is 'set to begin shooting this autumn' Still a Danish treat! Helena Christensen stuns at 48 as she flashes her flesh in cute baby blue sundress while stepping out in NYC Good Samaritan Donna Air rushes to the aid of an injured gentleman after he falls and hurts his head in the middle of a busy London street  Former presenter  TOWIE's Lauren Pope shows off her long legs in a white flared jumpsuit with a sheer top as she steps out in style Looked full of confidence The billion dollar power couple: Jay Z and Beyonce's combined wealth soars to $1.16bn Jay Z and Beyonce are a billion-dollar couple according to one estimate She means business! Caprice looks stunning in a chic LBD as attends first public event since recovering from brain tumour operation  'Does it make me angry? No': Goldie Hawn, 71, talks ageism in Hollywood as she shows her playful side in Harper's Bazaar shoot Vicky Pattison poses in a bra top for very cheeky phone snap... before sharing topless image of herself in tight jeans Big Little Lies star Iain Armitage takes on Jim Parsons' role in first trailer for Big Bang Theory prequel Young Sheldon He's nine years old The Bluths are back! Arrested Development starring Jason Bateman and Will Arnett is officially renewed for season five on Netflix Cookie kicks back! Taraji P. Henson is seen rapping, singing, and dancing around on set in hilarious viral video - after being secretly filmed by cheeky Empire co-stars 'No-holds-barred, better than ever': Kerry Washington promises lots of drama for Scandal's seventh and final season Dakota Fanning looks out-of-this-world pretty in layered polka-dot dress to plug The Alienist at Turner Upfront presentation EXCLUSIVE: Johnny Depp demands judge unseal whistleblower testimony in fraud case against ex-managers who claim the actor spent $75m on 14 homes Raiding the piggy bank? Peru Two Drugs Mule Michaella McCollum wears £1495 YSL bag and skintight orange mini to go partying in Liverpool Busty Emily Ratajkowski shows off her impeccably toned abs and tiny waist in a bandeau bikini as she soaks up the sunshine at Cannes Film Festival 13 Reasons Why I am in Australia! Star of hit Netflix series Katherine Langford touches down in Perth for family visit after runaway success of TV series   Liam Payne reveals he was freaked out by pregnant Cheryl twerking as he discusses the hands-on mum and his desire to name their son 'Arthur' Gisele Bundchen says her husband Tom Brady has suffered multiple unreported brain injuries while playing for the New England Patriots Concussion last year 'Didn't she get the memo?' Demi Lovato is accused of cultural appropriation for wearing dreadlock-style hair in her latest music video Quilty pleasures: Lily Rose Depp wears clingy red patchwork print dress as she leaves her hotel in Cannes  Ready for the opening gala that evening Eva seen something so sterling? Supermodel Herzigová, 44, flaunts her cleavage and tiny waist in dazzling silver gown at Cannes Film Festival Princess Sofia of Spain, 10, beams with pride as she celebrates her First Communion alongside her picture-perfect family  Resplendent  'Freedom is no fear': Halle Berry, 50, strips NAKED as she flaunts her incredible figure for inspirational snap Showed off her sensational figure  Scarlet siren: Jessica Chastain exudes elegance in a show-stopping jumpsuit as she joins the 70th Cannes Film Festival jury  Can she be Moore perfect? Julianne, 56, looks ravishing as she shows off her svelte legs in chic mini-dress at Cannes yacht party Classic in black Jimmy Fallon says he was 'devastated' by negative press after he ruffled Donald Trump's hair Stephen Colbert gives CBS its longest winning streak in seven years Taylor Swift's stalker Mohammed Jaffar held on $20K bond for loitering outside her Tribeca apartment Jaffar, who did not attend Tuesday's hearing SPOILER ALERT: Rumours of an affair run rife on Coronation Street as Kevin Webster is spotted meeting Erica Holroyd at a hotel Stealthy meet-up 'It's the easy way out': Caitlyn Jenner, 67, discusses contemplating suicide in tell-all Loose Women interview Difficulty adjusting Talk to the palm: Pixie Lott wears tropical swimsuit with embellished 'baby' jacket as she heads to radio studios Promoting new single Big Brother's Lateysha Grace flaunts her hourglass curves in TINY hotpants as she enjoys a girls' holiday in Ibiza £4K surgery spend 'New way of travelling!' Jemma Lucy courts controversy as she goes for ride on the bonnet of a MOVING car... and blames it on her 'sore' bum lift 'The transformation was amazing!': Alexandra Daddario reveals she gained weight to get those ripped abs for her Baywatch bikini 'I just want to be the best father I can be': Matthew Morrison of Glee fame reveals he is expecting a baby with his wife Renee Due in autumn A$AP Rocky's LA mansion burgled by armed robbers that make off with $1.5m worth of gems... but neither the rapper nor Kendall were there Elle Fanning looks effortlessly cute in an A-line teadress as she frolics about in the sea during the Cannes Film Festival In her element Leggy Bella Hadid looks angelic in white plunging silk bralet and matching mini skirt ahead of the Cannes Film Festival opening gala Screen sirens Monica Bellucci and Marion Cotillard get Cannes off to a glamorous start as they dazzle in elegant ensembles at Film Festival photocalls  Incredible shrinking man: Brad Pitt looks thinner than ever in oversized suit as he arrives for War Machine premiere in NYC Poor post-divorce diet? 'Hopefully we can go on!' Reese Witherspoon reveals she is doing all she can to bring Big Little Lies Season 2 to the small screen  It's 'in talks' She's not sweating it! Ivanka Trump steps out in soaring D.C. temperatures wearing a sweater and trousers, after getting a visit from her glam squad Chloe Khan bares painful-looking scars on her legs as she slips into tiny white hotpants after bum lift surgery in Turkey More cosmetic surgery? Co-founder of Little Caesars and TV queen Oprah Winfrey are at the top of Forbes richest self-made women's list The list comprises the 60 wealthiest women 'Couldn't resist!' Phillip Schofield TERRIFIES Holly Willoughby on This Morning during ghost segment... while Peter Andre's paranormal investigation falls flat Lauryn Goodman wears one of her trademark plunging halterneck swimsuits as she gives paddle boarding a go in the Maldives Anne Hathaway emerges from WeHo gym flushed and sweaty in ultra-sheer Nike tank top She has a 14-month-old son  'I didn't know what I was getting myself into': Kylie Jenner flaunts her toned legs in stripped back snaps as she discusses perils of growing up in spotlight 'It's so romantic': Ore Oduba and wife Portia put on a cosy display in Cannes... but leave viewers cringing after VERY awkward chat with Cheryl's ex JB Getting some vitamin sea! Ex On The Beach's Helen Briggs and Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly sport skimpy swimsuits as they hit Ibiza My, what a big bed! Inside Pippa's fiancé's £13m bachelor pad - complete with a four-poster bed,  roof terrace and hot tub... and picture of a topless woman She certainly has a type! Taylor Swift has been 'secretly dating' rising star Joe Alwyn for months... after doomed romance from fellow Brit Tom Hiddleston 'It's very bizarre': Tess Ward breaks her silence on Harry Styles romance rumours as she lashes out at hateful comments from his fans Subjected to hate mail Love Island's Olivia Buckland flaunts her curves in a red string bikini in Cape Verde... as fiancé Alex Bowen tattoos her initials on his finger  Ladies' night! Model Ella Ross wows in a bra-baring top as she enjoys night on the town... after rumoured beau Scott Disick is seen taking Bella Thorne to dinner Singer Elle King's husband Andrew Ferguson 'was arrested for domestic violence weeks before she announced secret marriage... then split' Charlie Dimmock reveals how to make ANY garden bloom in time for summer no matter how big or small (plus her tips work for total beginners)  'Matching underwear makes me feel good': Ashley James shows off her toned curves in sheer nude lingerie as she poses for a daring snap  Meet Taylor Swift's new beau Joe Alwyn: The London-born rising star who has won over big-name directors with his 'disarming humility'... but still lives at home  An A-list actor, a club DJ, a Jonas Brother, a pop star and a former President's great nephew: A look back at Taylor Swift's VERY colourful love life The absolute cheek! Chantelle Connelly flaunts her ample cleavage and pert derriere as she strips off for sizzling naked shower in Spain Jessica Wright displays her hourglass curves in sexy figure-hugging black dress as she continues Dubai getaway with glamorous night out Having a spliff-ing time! Khloe Kardashian 'WAS holding marijuana joint on Costa Rica episode of KUWTK' Supposedly a non-smoker  Now plaid's an arrival! Hailey Baldwin flaunts her toned legs in double breasted blazer-inspired dress as she touches down in Nice for Cannes Film Festival Smiling Lindsay Lohan looks sartorially savvy in biker jacket and skinny jeans as she enjoys night out in London Flame-haired beauty Princess Beatrice channels off-duty chic in a trendy biker jacket for a night at celebrity haunt Chiltern Firehouse in London Under the radar  'Baewatch moment': Kate Wright flaunts her ample assets and hourglass curves in a skimpy scarlet swimsuit Setting pulses racing in Baywatch red Lily-Rose Depp hits the beach in an orange sundress as she relaxes in Cannes... before enjoying dinner date with co-star Natalie Portman PICTURED: Anna Friel, 40, getting close with Stranger Things star Charlie Heaton, 23, at TV BAFTAs... amid reports the duo shared 'electric chemistry' 'Sex addict' Scott Disick, 33, takes Bella Thorne, 19, to dinner then whisks her off to two hot spots... as Kourtney Kardashian gets closer to a model   Ashlee Simpson and husband Evan Ross take a night off from their parental duties as they step out arm-in-arm for romantic meal Photogenic couple Cheeky Elizabeth Olsen unwittingly gives onlookers an eyeful as she flashes her derriere in a floral midi dress She's been blessed with an incredible figure Sharon Osbourne 'renews wedding vows with husband Ozzy in intimate Las Vegas ceremony'... a year after rocker's cheating scandal 'These are actually Cheryl's trousers!': Liam Payne confesses the £1,500 designer gear he is wearing belong to his 'fashionista' girlfriend Feeling Friel, Anna? Actress, 40, hides behind large shades as she is seen for the first time since getting close with Stranger Things star Charlie Heaton, 23 Not a Material Girl? Madonna's daughter Lourdes Leon keeps it VERY casual in green sportswear as she carries a pink plastic bag through NYC Bat Mum! Make-up free Fergie takes her little Batman Axl, 3, out for pizza in his superhero fancy dress costume  Ice Cream and pizza Newly slender Jonah Hill shows he's managed to maintain his weight loss as he steps out in shorts and a hoodie for solo stroll  Shrinking man Amy Schumer and Ben Hanisch split after a year and a half of dating but will 'remain friends' The comedienne has split amicably from furniture-maker Ben  Jourdan Dunn flaunts her svelte frame in plunging black dress for P Diddy film screening... before debuting stunning new pixie haircut on Instagram Mark Ronson and wife Josephine de La Baume 'divorce after five and a half years together... citing irreconcilable differences as reason for their split' Let's hope it doesn't rain on your big day! Pippa is spotted with her mother Carole overseeing final details at the church (while her fiance shoe shops) Nearly ready? Pippa Middleton's fiance James Matthews pops out for a spot of last-minute shoe shopping before the big day on Saturday Miley Cyrus shows off toned tummy in black crop top and tight jeans while promoting her new album... after revealing Katy Perry is her oldest friend Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Baking Powder Market – Changing Food Habits Drive Demand for Baking Powder Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/17/2017 — The global baking powder market is consolidated with the majority of the revenues being shared by companies such as Clabber Girl Corporation, ACH Food Companies Inc., and Caravan Ingredients, Inc. Promising players such as Weikfield and Hansells Food Group are conducting forward and backward integration to take advantage of economies of scale and reduce the production cost. Transparency Market Research (TMR), in its new study, reports that many companies are supplying products to smaller retailers at lower prices, further intensifying the competition. Obtain Report Details @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/baking-powder-market.html Major buyers of baking powder include hypermarkets, supermarkets, and industrial buyers for making pizzas, burgers, and breads. Big retailers such as Wal-Mart and Tesco are buying baking powder directly from manufacturers in bulk, thus enjoying economies of scale in the market by eliminating distributors in the supply chain. Since the consumption of baking powder by the end consumer is very less, manufacturers are channelizing their products through wholesalers or retailers. Thus, the bargaining power of buyers is expected to be high in the coming years. Changing Food Habits Drive Demand for Baking Powder The urbanization of population has brought many changes in the food habits and consumption patterns of people. A radical shift in the socio-cultural behavior due to cultural borrowing has led to nuclear families and rise in the number of working women. Moreover, increasing disposable income has also led to a rise in the demand for baking powder-based food such as waffles, cakes, pastries, donuts, pizzas, and burgers. „An increasing consumption of junk food owing to busy lifestyle is thus behind the growth of the global baking powder market,” states a TMR analyst. Owing to increased awareness regarding health and wellness, the consumer’s demand for a well-balanced meal are met through high fiber breads, nutrition bars, and breakfast cereals. These health and wellness oriented food products require baking powder as an ingredient, thus driving their demand. Substitution by Baking Soda to Threaten Demand for Baking Powder Baking soda is partly baking powder and soda. Although they differ in their chemical composition, the products can be substituted for each other owing to their similar properties. Baking soda is stronger and has a longer shelf life than baking powder. Moreover, the consumer awareness regarding the difference between the two products is very little. Thus, the substitution of baking powder by baking soda is restraining the growth of the baking powder market. Fill the form to gain deeper insights on this market @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=1423 Another factor challenging the demand for baking powder is the growing awareness among people regarding the adverse effects of consuming junk food such as cakes, burgers, and pizzas. The rising concern regarding the high fat, calorie, and sugar content in junk food and the lack of vitamins, proteins, and minerals in these foods are discouraging people from consuming them. The baking powder market is thus expected to receive a major setback owing to a decline in the consumption of junk food, says TMR. Development of Low Sodium Baking Powder Improves Public Health, Boosts Demand Although sodium intake is important for the human body, excess of it can lead to dehydration, hypertension, high BP, and even heart failure. Owing to the diet pattern of people living in Europe and North America, sodium as high as 75% is being ingested by consumers. Thus, manufacturers and governments are concentrating on product innovation to help reduce sodium content in baking powder, without affecting the quality. Such initiatives to improve public health and save major health-related costs, will result in product innovation and differentiation, thus creating opportunities of growth in the market. According to the report, the global market opportunity in baking powder is expected to rise from US$2.72 bn in 2015 to US$3.36 bn by 2019. On the basis of product, the market is expected to be led by the tartrate segment, followed by the phosphate segment. By geography, Asia Pacific is expected to lead and account for 37.1% of the global baking powder market by 2019. This information is based on the findings of a report published by Transparency Market Research titled „Baking Powder Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2013 – 2019.” The global baking powder market is segmented as follows: By Products Phosphate-based Baking Powder Anhydrous Phosphate-based Baking Powder Sodium Aluminum Sulfate Phosphate-based Baking Powder Tartrate-based Baking Powder Aluminum-free Baking Powder Phosphate-free Baking Powder Others By Region Europe North America Asia Pacific Rest of the World CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Vizient, Inc. Named “Marketer of the Year” for B to B Branding by Dallas/Fort Worth Chapter of the American Marketing Association Next PostNext Global Polyethylene Terephthalate market – Growth & Forecast to 2021 with CAGR 7.466% Including Key Players DuPont, FENC, Indorama Ventures Search Recent Posts Healthcare IT Outsourcing Market To Make Great Impact In Near Future by 2025 Gas Alarm Consumption Market – Global Industry Analysis, Market size, Share, Growth, Trend, Competitive Strategies, Worldwide Demand and forcast 2016 by QY Research Reports Raman Spectroscopy Market Report 2017: Horiba Jobin Yvon, Renishaw, Thermo, B&W Tek, Kaiser Optical 2017 to 2022 Global Fixed Crane Sales Market Research Analysis Report Europe Ultrasound Devices Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Subscribe to Newton Daily News 63°FFairFull Forecast News News Home Local State Nation and World Newsletter Progress Election Central Sports Sports Home Local Professional Pro Football Weekly Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Records Records Home Obituaries Police Reports Corrections Jasper Life Opinion Opinion Home Guest Columnists Editorials Letters Columnists Lifestyle Lifestyle Food Home & Garden Tech Events Upcoming Events Submit Your Event Video News Video Live Video Share   Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Birthday Announcements Campus Report Engagement Announcement Press Release Letters to the Editor Subscribe to the Newton Daily News Temporary Subscription Stop Wedding Announcement More About Us Business Showcase Contact Coupons Daily Deals e-Edition Follow Us Forms Place an Ad Printing Special Sections Subscribe Subscriber Services Text Alerts Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Weather News Sports Records Opinion Newsletter Lifestyle Events Video Photos Contests Share More TextAlerts Classified Jobs If Washington won’t rein in corporate greed, your state might Published: Wednesday, May 17, 2017 10:13 a.m. CDT Josh Elliott is fed up with overpaid CEOs. As the owner of a Connecticut natural foods market with 40 employees, he says he could never justify pocketing hundreds of times more pay than his employees. “I’m very much a capitalist,” Elliott told me in an interview. “But there need to be limits.” Skyrocketing CEO pay and inequality last year motivated this 32-year-old businessman to launch a successful bid for a seat in the Connecticut General Assembly. Elliott hit back hard on the campaign trail against right-wing claims about high taxes driving wealthy job creators out of his state. “This is not an issue of over-taxation — it’s an issue of taxing the wrong people and the wrong entities,” he told the New Haven Register. “When the middle class has to subsidize huge corporations like Wal-Mart that criminally underpay their workers, the narrative that we are overtaxed ought to be outed as ludicrous.” Since taking office, Rep. Elliott has co-sponsored several bills aimed at narrowing our economic divide, including two that directly address the CEO pay problem. One of these bills mirrors a Portland, Oregon law enacted last December that imposes a tax penalty on publicly traded corporations with CEOs making more than 100 times their typical worker pay. These laws don’t set a ceiling on how much corporations can pay their executives. But they do provide an incentive to rein in excess CEO pay and lift up workers at the bottom end. They can also generate significant revenue for urgent needs like funding pre-school programs or fixing roads and bridges. Legislators in Illinois, Minnesota, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and San Francisco are also considering CEO pay tax proposals. Elliott’s other bill would use the power of the public purse to reduce pay disparities. If enacted, companies with CEO-worker pay ratios of more than 100 to 1 wouldn’t qualify for state subsidies and grants. That would help ensure taxpayer dollars are used wisely. Research has shown that narrower pay gaps make businesses more effective by boosting employee morale and reducing turnover rates. Elliott pointed out that he’s able to go to the state capital in Hartford four times a week when the General Assembly is in session because he trusts his managers to do a good job running the market in his absence. “You need to have good employees to make money,” he told me. While efforts to narrow CEO-worker pay gaps are spreading around the country, Republicans in Washington are working to undercut them. How? By killing a federal disclosure law requiring corporations to report the gap between their CEO and median worker pay. This data, scheduled to become available in early 2018, would make the kinds of policies Elliott is promoting much easier to administer. But overpaid CEOs — and their lobbyists — want to throw up as many obstacles as they can. The massive Financial CHOICE Act, which just passed a House committee, would eliminate the pay ratio disclosure regulation, along with loosening other regulations on big Wall Street banks. It could come up for a full House vote soon. But as the debate shifts, Elliott is confident that bold proposals for change will eventually gain traction. “The conservative narrative is that business owners are the job creators,” he told me. “But if the CEOs and owners of capital have unlimited potential for their own compensation, they’re just taking money away from their employees. And that’s a system that is simply unsustainable.” Previous Page|1|2|Next Page| Comments More News If Washington won’t rein in corporate greed, your state mightMay 17, 2017 - 10:14 am Bonnaroo rocksMay 17, 2017 - 10:15 am Chicks and bookMay 17, 2017 - 10:13 am Column: Celebrating 6 Pump It Up styleMay 16, 2017 - 10:39 am Union Cemetery is well maintainedMay 16, 2017 - 10:14 am City should focus on fireworks educationMay 16, 2017 - 10:14 am Comments Local Business Guide Featured Businesses Loading... Business Name address Location, ST | website.com Nightlife/Bars & Restaurants Beauty Salons Entertainment in Newton Doctors & Medical Specialists Contractors & Construction Education in Newton Lawn Services Lawyers in Newton Shopping in Newton Travel to Newton Tanning in Newton Used Cars in Newton Wedding Services ▼ Search for a business Add your business here + Photos and Lists Luxury Home of the Week: Nine acres and a walk-out basement: What $325,000 can get you in NewtonMay 10, 2017 10 Best Breakfast Places in Jasper CountyMay 5, 2017 Cardinal Relays 2017May 5, 2017 A proper send-off: Newton celebrates life of aviation legend Earl JohnsonMay 4, 2017 Four acres and a gourmet kitchen: What $524,900 can get you in NewtonMay 3, 2017 About Us | Contact Us | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Place a Classified Ad | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs Today's Ads | Local Business Showcase Copyright © 2017 Newton Daily News. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Published in Newton, Iowa, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Safe Havens Sought, Volatility Up Sharply, As Political Concerns Swirl JJ Kinahan     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 17, 2017 10:08am   Comments Share: Volatility is back after a long vacation, and Washington politics may be partly to blame. Earnings took center stage the last few weeks, but now the market seems to be entering a news-driven period. That means things could change more quickly, with bigger intraday moves. The VIX — one of the most well known indicators of market fear — leaped to nearly 12 early Wednesday, up significantly from recent lows below 10, as concerns filtered through about controversy in Washington, D.C. The talk today centers on a New York Times’ article that reported President Trump asked former FBI head James Comey to halt the investigation of former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn. The dollar is reeling, and stock futures slid early Wednesday, though the S&P 500 (SPX) did claw back some of its biggest overnight losses. Overseas markets declined and safe havens like gold and Treasury bonds rose sharply amid the political uncertainty. The dollar slipped to six-month lows amid concern that the U.S. political controversy could potentially delay or limit chances for tax reform and other initiatives that many feel would bolster the economy. The bond rally is another source of pressure on the currency. Dollar weakness isn’t necessarily bad news for the stock market, as it can make U.S. products cheaper for overseas customers. That might be one reason the info tech sector rallied on Tuesday, as many of the big tech companies make lots of money internationally. The strong tech sector helped Nasdaq (COMP) set a new record high yesterday. A weak currency does raise questions, though, about investors’ faith in the U.S. economy. There was some decent “hard” data this week, including better than expected April industrial production numbers released early Tuesday. Housing data out Tuesday (see below) wasn’t as robust, but it’s possible that warm winter weather might have pulled some demand earlier into the year, Briefing.com said. On the earnings front, Target Corporation (NYSE: TGT) shares rallied in pre-market trading after the company reported better quarterly results than Wall Street analysts had expected. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE: WMT) is tomorrow. Target same store sales dropped less than expected, and sales and earnings both exceeded expectations. After many retail stocks slumped last week, it’s positive to see least one major store had good earnings. Oil, which rallied vigorously Monday and gave the market a big lift, let off some steam Tuesday and fell back below $49 a barrel, where it continued to trade early Wednesday. While news about Saudi Arabia and Russia agreeing to extend production cuts appears bullish, nothing becomes official until OPEC meets on May 25, so perhaps investors are waiting to see what happens then. The energy sector slipped in Tuesday’s trading. Keep an eye on 10-year Treasury yields, because they’re playing defense after climbing to 2.4% earlier this month. The yield fell below key 2.3% support early Wednesday. Chances of a Fed rate hike by June slipped to 69%, according to Fed funds futures, down from above 80% at times last week. Chink in Housing’s Armor? Yesterday’s building permits and housing starts data revealed what looks like a pause in the housing market’s boom. Housing starts in April fell about 2.6% from March, while permits for new homes fell 2.5%, including a 4.5% drop in permits for single-family units. While it’s easy to say this is just one report, it does mark the third-consecutive month of falling housing starts, and permits have flattened over the last few months. One thing to keep in mind is that single-family starts did rise in April, with a big drop in multi-unit starts pulling down the overall number. But the report doesn’t give much hope for lower new home prices anytime soon, considering that supplies remain on the low side. Growth Meter Ticks Up While the housing news was a bit disappointing, there were fair tidings on gross domestic product (GDP) Tuesday, as the Atlanta Fed’s GDP Now indicator for Q2 ticked up to 4.1%, from last week’s 3.6%. Strength in real estate and transportation led in part to the increased projection, the Atlanta Fed said. Meanwhile, next week brings the government’s second estimate for Q1 GDP growth. It could be interesting to see if that next estimate pops up from the tepid 0.7% the government penciled growth at in its first projection for the quarter. Strength in Q1 earnings has led to some talk that perhaps growth was a little better than that 0.7% figure might have indicated. Caution Despite Record High Stocks Though the stock market continues to set new record highs, there’s still evidence of the cautious tone that crept in late last week. You can see this in the strength of gold, and in Treasuries. Meanwhile, the dollar lost ground against the yen, and the yen is often thought of as a safety play. The euro also gained against the dollar, but that could be more of a reflection on percolating strength in the European economy, where stock indices are hitting records and exports are growing. Politics in Europe have also settled down a bit after worries earlier this year about the French election. Posted-In: Earnings Bonds Eurozone Commodities Retail Sales Treasuries Federal Reserve Markets © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (TGT + WMT) Mid-Morning Market Update: Markets Open Lower; Target Tops Q1 Expectations The Market In 5 Minutes 20 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session Target Smashes Q1 Estimates, Shares Rip Higher A Peek Into The Markets: U.S. Stock Futures Signal Lower Start On Wall Street 8 Stocks To Watch For May 17, 2017 View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Trending Recent 1 NVDA, INTC: Intel Has Reportedly Ditched Nvidia For Advanced Micro Devices 2 GILT, FENG: 25 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 3 ANTM, VIAB: Jim Cramer Weighs In On Nucor, CIGNA, Advanced Mic... 4 S, SFTBF: Signs A Sprint, T-Mobile Tie-Up Is Gaining... 5 FMCC, FNMA: Will The FHFA Suspend Fannie &am... 6 EXAS: Exact Sciences Plunges With... 7 INTC, AMD: AMD Downgraded, Ana... 1 DKS, HD: 5 Biggest Price Target Changes For Wednesday 2 ALK, SAVE: Fundamentals, Expectations For The Big 3 Airliners May Be Peaking 3 Agecroft Partners Pledges $1 million From Hedge Fund Leadership... 4 AMZN, ETSY: Analyst: Etsy Could Make Sense For eBay, But Sale Over... 5 WWW, DIS: Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For M... 6 AAPL, MSFT: Apple Will Update Its MacBook Lineup... 7 TRVG: Trivago Has Its Niche, But '... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products How Getting a Car Loan Can Affect Your Credit and Things You Can Do to Offset the Effect How To Day Trade Crude Oil Stress Free
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Lighting Products Market – Retailers to Focus on Business Strategies to Strengthen Their Market Position Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/17/2017 — The U.S. lighting products market exhibits the presence of varied players and a large number of retailers. With the leading players vying to gain the lion’s share, the U.S. lighting products market exhibits a highly competitive landscape. Moreover, this lighting industry operates at surplus of products, causing fiercer rivalry among players, finds Transparency Market Research (TMR) in a recent study. The Home Depot, Lowes, Target, Wal-Mart, Bed Bath & Beyond, Sam’s Club, Menards, and Costco are among the leading market players. Of these companies, The Home Depot emerged dominant holding a share of over 19% in the overall market in 2015. It is currently focusing on its future plans of expanding the presence across the U.S. suburban area. On account of such business policies, The Home Depot’s dominance is expected to continue through the report’s forecast period. Other companies as well will focus on expanding their regional presence in order to gain sustainable growth in the near future. Obtain Report Details @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/us-lighting-products-market.html According to TMR, the U.S. lighting products market, which stood at US$185.65 bn in 2015, is forecast to reach US$285.84 bn by the end of 2024. If these figures hold true, the U.S. lighting products market will progress at a CAGR of 5.0% between 2016 and 2024. Residential Lighting Segment to be a Major Contributor to Market’s Growth By standalone type, pace of gains in the others segment is projected to remain the highest through the forecast period. The T8LED tube bulb segment will emerge as the second-lead in the market and held around 26% of the overall market in terms of value in 2016. Based on application, the residential lighting segment emerged dominant in 2015 and is expected to continue leading the market through the forecast period. TMR predicted its overall value-based share to reach over 69% by the end of 2016. The residential lighting segment is expected to gain from the increasing demand for retrofitting in the U.S. Growth Witnessed in Construction Sector to Fuel Demand for Lighting Products The lighting products market in the U.S. is treading along a positive curve. The rising installation of bulbs and lighting fixtures across major applications will aid the expansion of the U.S. lighting products market. Growth witnessed in the residential and non-residential constructions will thus have an inevitable impact on the overall demand for lighting products. Besides new constructions, the demand for retrofitting advance bulbs and tubes will emerge as a chief market driver. As the country focuses on propagating energy-efficiency and implements supportive policies, the U.S. will witness a considerable surge in the demand for lighting products across residential, industrial, commercial, and outdoor applications. Given the scenario, the demand for LED tubes and bulbs has accelerated. In the coming years other market segments are prophesized to benefit as well in response to the rising awareness. Further, the market is likely to benefit from the rising purchase of chandeliers and other customizable lighting products aimed at enhancing the aesthetic view of residential and commercial complexes. Fill The Form For An Exclusive Sample Of This Report @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=185 Further, the growth in the purchase of chandelier and other customized fixture to enhance the aesthetic view of a premises at commercial and residential arena has made the U.S lighting product market attractive for new players. Declining Construction of New Homes Poses Threat to Market Because the market’s success is intrinsically linked with construction activities within an economy, decline in construction of new homes witnessed in the U.S. will have a negative influence in its overall trajectory. This will act as a major growth barrier, threatening the market’s expansion in the coming years. Nevertheless, the U.S. is efficiently testing solar powered lighting products to bolster the use of non-renewable resources across industries. Several manufacturing companies are venturing into this practice by providing a wide-range of solar-powered decorative lighting products. This, coupled with investments in technological developments, will aid the lighting products market’s expansion in the U.S. in the coming years. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Diamond Saw Blades Market 2017-2021 Industry Analysis Research Report Next PostNext Resumen: Liquidnet mejora su plataforma de transacciones con la adquisición de OTAS Technologies Search Recent Posts Next Group Holdings Signs Letter of Intent to Wholly Acquire Leading Global Telecommunication Company Limecom Inc. Next Group Holdings Signs Letter of Intent to Wholly Acquire Leading Global Telecommunication Company Limecom Inc. Bluetooth Headsets Market Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017 Data for KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) Across 16 Types of Cancer from Merck’s Industry-Leading Immuno-Oncology Program to Be Presented at the 2017 ASCO Annual Meeting LulyBoo Launches Travel Line for Parent and Baby Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe Authors Watch our videos Education hub Our Archives Download our app Contact us Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe Authors Brian Bethune Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Aaron Hutchins Brian D. Johnson Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Jennifer Robson Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Paul Wells Watch our videos Education hub Our Archives Download our app Contact us News Politics Economy Education Culture Society Work Multimedia Follow Us Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Paul Wells Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Scott Gilmore Aaron Hutchins Anne Kingston Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Shannon Proudfoot Evan Solomon All Authors Brian Bethune Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Aaron Hutchins Brian D. Johnson Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Jennifer Robson Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Paul Wells Brian Bethune Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Aaron Hutchins Brian D. Johnson Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Jennifer Robson Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Paul Wells Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   0 Memorial University 411: Best places to live, eat, the coolest electives, and more Memorial University insider’s perspective on campus life James Reid May 17, 2017 Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   MUN’s James Ricky Reid. The 411 Best place for a nap: Third floor of the library Best cheap lunch: Just Fries Best hangover breakfast:Treats Favourite campus food: The Engineering Cafeteria—great BBQ from the Grille Works along with Subway and Smoke’s Poutine in one location Favourite watering hole: Bitters Pub Perks: Located in the heart of the city Where to live: University Avenue area Best place to study: The private study rooms in the library Worst place to study: University Centre cafeteria Coolest electives: Religion and Disney, Religion and Popular Culture Most notorious transit route: Route 10: MUN, the mall, downtown, Wal-Mart—all the essentials! Best campus events: Puppies, popcorn and plants Thursdays Official school motto: ‘Provehito in altum,’ (‘Launch forth into the deep’) Best live music venue: The Levee PROFILE: Memorial University of Newfoundland | St. John’s, N.L. | Founded 1925 University Insider: James Reid, 20, Communications/English  You may be wondering if anyone would actually move all the way to Newfoundland for school. Well, the funny thing is a lot of people do. It may not seem like it at first glance, but Memorial University is a great school to attend. Certain faculties—such as business, engineering and nursing—particularly stand out. Feeling left out, future arts students? Don’t. MUN offers a wide variety of disciplines—you can take anything from social work to folklore. Although MUN is a terrific school academically, its biggest draw has to be the cost. At the moment, MUN has some of the cheapest tuition rates in Canada. Let’s all hope that the ongoing tuition freeze doesn’t end. In all seriousness, for the amount you pay each semester, I don’t think there’s a better education for your buck than at MUN. The campus itself has a rather cool feel to it. It’s not all hundred-year-old buildings or brand-new high-tech labs. It’s a weird—but cute—mix of the two. Newer places like the Inco building are absolutely gorgeous inside and out, but there are also older buildings like some of the residences houses, that are equally nice looking. The faculty and staff are (almost) always extremely welcoming and helpful, there are two bars on campus (and a lot of drinking establishments off the grounds), a full gym and workout centre, countless cafes and many more things that make it as enjoyable as possible to spend time on campus.   Extras The university has a lot to offer with regard to extracurricular activities. For those unsure of what might interest them and willing to get out there and start volunteering, the Student Volunteer Bureau is located in the heart of the University Centre. The campus newspaper, the Muse, is always a great option for students interested in writing, photography or graphic design. Aspiring journalists also have the option to launch their very own radio show at 97.5 CHMR, the MUN campus radio station. Are you into gaming? Check out Sandbox Gaming and Smash Bros Newfoundland for cool events and a great volunteer experience.   Local Vibe MUN is conveniently located in the thick of things in St. John’s, making it extremely easy to reach from most other areas of the city. Need to get some shopping done? The Avalon Mall is only a 15- to 20-minute walk away—it’s even quicker if you take the bus. George Street, located in downtown St. John’s, is famous for its bar scene. It’s a very popular drinking destination on the weekends. Of course, not everyone is interested in drinking every Friday through Sunday. For a different experience, check out Mochanopoly, the city’s first and only board game café. Also make sure to visit Escape Quest and Breakout NL—two really cool escape rooms located in the city.   The Skinny Check out TheOvercast.ca for the best guide to St. John’s. It offers a complete listing of events, articles on city life, culture, and so much more.   Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   Filed under: Campus 411s Canadian higher education Canadian university rankings Memorial Univeristy University Guide 2017 Advertisement Advertisement    Post navigation Previous The Canada150 Quiz Countdown trivia test: Day 106! Next A blood pact takes another Black life. Who is listening? Leave a comment Hide comments Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Related stories Lakehead University 411: Best place for a nap, lunch, the coolest electives, and more University of Ontario Institute of Technology 411: Best place to study, eat on campus, and more University of Waterloo 411: Best campus events, places to eat, and more Athabasca University 411: Perks, ways to get involved, and more University of Ottawa 411: Best cheap lunch, place to study, and more Popular on Maclean's   1 of 2   The beginning of the end of Donald Trump 7 comments Justin Trudeau was right: you should cheer for the Senators 3 comments What really happened at Target Canada: The retailer’s last days 8 comments What has become of my British Columbia? 12 comments The American Dream has moved to Canada 118 comments A short list of politicians who have been treated worse than Trump Sean Spicer must step up—or quit 2 comments Putin says he has records of Trump meeting with Russian officials How 25 Canadian websites looked in the Internet’s early days 2 comments In the Millennial job market, a Bachelor’s degree isn’t enough 5 comments Top Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Resources About Us Advertising Contact Us Site Map Subscribe Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Macleans.ca newsletters Need to know Essential reading on the national conversation. Sign up for a daily dose of news, commentary and analysis from the always thought-provoking Maclean's newsroom.† Storyline Every Saturday, we'll send you our editor's picks of the best stories on Macleans.ca† From our partners Yes! I would like Maclean's to send me alerts, information, event notifications, special deals and promotions from our carefully screened partners that they feel may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 2001-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine U.S. Europe Asia Pacific Latin America Africa & Mideast Home» Report on Business» International Business» U.S. Business Customers shop in the pharmacy department of a Target store in the Brooklyn borough of New York in this file photo. (BRENDAN MCDERMID/REUTERS) Customers shop in the pharmacy department of a Target store in the Brooklyn borough of New York in this file photo. (BRENDAN MCDERMID/REUTERS) Target optimistic on full-year forecast after profit beats estimates Add to ... Sruthi Ramakrishnan and Siddharth Cavale Reuters Published Wednesday, May 17, 2017 6:53AM EDT Last updated Wednesday, May 17, 2017 12:21PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Target Corp. reported higher-than-expected quarterly profit and sales and set an optimistic tone for the year, saying its full-year profit could come in at the higher end of its forecast. Target’s shares rose 3 per cent on Wednesday as the outlook allayed some investor concerns following the company’s warning just three months ago that its full-year targets were too high. The company has been trying to turn around its business for several years and in February vowed to aggressively promote its products and keep grocery prices low to better compete with Wal-Mart Stores Inc and Amazon.com Inc. Target is also focusing on opening smaller-format outlets and is investing heavily in its e-commerce business. The company’s online sales rose 22 per cent in the first quarter, with the retailer shipping more than 27 per cent of those orders from its stores. Target said it invested $500-million as part of its turnaround strategy in the first quarter, and was on track to invest more than $2-billion this year on analytics, supply chain and opening 100 more small-format stores in urban neighborhoods and college markets. Some analysts, however, were not impressed by these efforts. “Q1 does not show signs of major investments, nor does Q2 guidance,” Morgan Stanley analyst Simeon Gutman wrote in a note. Gutman, noting a marginal decline in gross margins, said the investments do not seem meaningful for a retailer that has touted “systemwide price investments” and is experiencing a higher mix of online sales. Gross margins fell to 30.5 per cent from 30.9 per cent. On a post earnings call with analysts, Chief Executive Brian Cornell said it would take time for turnaround to take hold. “Our results are not where we want them to be,” he said. Sales at Target stores open at least a year fell 1.3 per cent in the first quarter, rounding up a year of same-store sales declines. Analysts had expected a 3.6 per cent decline, according to research firm Consensus Metrix. A rise in demand for swimwear and electronic items such as the Nintendo Switch gaming console as well as the strong performance of its smaller-format stores helped the company beat Wall Street’s muted profit and sales estimates. Excluding items, Target earned a profit of $1.21 per share, while revenue fell 1.1 per cent to $16.02-billion. Analysts on average had expected earnings of 91 cents per share on revenue of $15.62-billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Target said the higher-than-expected performance in the first quarter had increased the probability that its full-year results would come above the midpoint of its prior forecast for adjusted profit of $3.80-$4.20 per share. Report Typo/Error   TGT-NTarget Corp Latest Price$55.04 0.00 (0.00%) Updated May 17 4:03 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story The ROB Interview At Sobeys, ‘change is imminent’ Target slashes CEO pay package after bleak year Target’s weak profit outlook sinks retail stocks Topics Retail Target Corporation Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Report on Business Drawing Conclusions: Buying a home? What it will cost you in land transfer taxes and fees across the country News Trump says he's been treated worse than any politician in history News Opinion: Why millennials shouldn't buy a house now — or maybe ever News Rona Ambrose rallies Tory caucus in farewell speech Report on Business Video: Three reasons why baby boomers find it hard to pass down wealth News Venezuelan doctors protest against dire medical situation Report on Business Dow tumbles 372 points as Trump drama roils markets News Video: What you need to know about the three main arms of Russia’s intelligence apparatus News Lawmakers demand FBI hand over Comey memo News Video: Aga Khan says to embrace differences at opening of Global Centre for Pluralism News Mueller appointed as special counsel to lead Trump-Russia probe Report on Business Canopy Growth's Bruce Linton gives his three tips for entrepreneurs ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor If the aging bull market makes you nervous, consider these tips Arts Crowdfunding campaign raises more than $30,000 for Indigenous writers’ award Most popular Managing editor of CBC’s The National reassigned after cultural appropriation controversy Globe editorial: Donald Trump keeps finding ways to make America worse Brazil political crisis deepens as President Temer reportedly taped arranging bribe May 18: Your daily horoscope BC Green Leader Andrew Weaver prepares for faceoff against Christy Clark X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
coventrytelegraphLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Coventry News UK & World News Business Health Crime Politics Education Motors History News OpinionExpand What's On Latest What's On Food & Drink Things To Do ShoppingExpand Sport Latest Sport Coventry City FC Football Rugby Wasps RFC Coventry RFC Rugby League Speedway Other Sport Sport OpinionExpand Football Coventry City FC Wasps RFC Business In Your Area Coventry Warwickshire Nuneaton See all locationsExpand My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory Family Notices Plus Rewards BuySell Dating Book an Ad Buy a Photo InYourArea Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2017 Trinity Mirror Midlands Home News Coventry News Asda News Asda has vacancies for Chilled Colleagues - here's what the job entails and how to apply The supermarket chain, owned by US giant Walmart, is on the lookout for staff  Share  Comments ByJames Rodger 12:50, 17 MAY 2017 Updated12:57, 17 MAY 2017 News Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  Twitter Reacts To Asda Stop Selling Loose Veg Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Asda is on the hunt for employees - and one particular job role is bound to pique your interest. The supermarket chain, owned by US giant Walmart, is on the lookout for staff. Asda require a Chilled Colleague (yes, that's really a thing) for its store in Gorseinon, South Wales. "We’re one big team, so we’re looking for helpful, outgoing people who can get along with and support others," the company says. As a Chilled Colleague you will "have a smile in your voice and always say ‘hello’ and ‘goodbye’ – and in between show an interest and find out customers’ needs", according to the retailer. Start your hunt for a new job here today As part of the role, you will greet customers with a smile and use eye contact, always paying full attention to the customer you are serving. Asda adds: "Courtesy is a big part of our warm and friendly service culture so remember the importance of saying please and thank you "Treat every customer as an individual; YOU may be the first person the customer speaks to in the store, and possibly the last. "YOU can make a difference to the customer experience." Successful applicants will also be required to aalk about products – you will learn about the products you sell as your training progresses, know how all your products can be used so that you can give advice and help to your customers. Read More Aldi is advertising jobs with incredible salaries and benefits in the West Midlands - and here's how to apply Other job requirements include: Make a friendly parting comment Try to recommend additional products to meet customer needs Help to maximise sales (and customer satisfaction) by keeping shelves replenished and products always available Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  Fish4jobs #DoTheFish TV Ad Share this video Watch Next The part-time role requires you to work 19 hours a week. The closing date is 24 May. Click here to apply. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @covtelegraph Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Asda Employment fish4jobs News all Most Read Most Recent Game of ThronesWhen does Game of Thrones season 7 start? Plot spoilers, new cast members and more Here's everything you need to know about series 7 from spoilers, to new characters and more Leamington SpaCCTV: Man left with broken eye socket after McDonald's attack Witnesses sought after incident in Leamington Conservative PartyBacklash as DWP unveils "target" to dismiss most benefit appeals MRs were already under fire because they are far less likely than full appeals to end in victory drayton manorDrayton Manor tragedy schoolgirl Evha Jannath, 11, died of chest injuries The 11-year-old from Leicester, was fatally injured last Tuesday at the Staffordshire theme park CourtsCourts: Man fined just £10 after two sexual assaults Cases heard by Coventry magistrates on March 23 CoventryLive: M6 gridlocked as suspected multiple lorry collision closes stretch of motorway News, sport and travel updates from across the region and beyond General Election 2017Liberal Democrats leader Tim Farron pledges to invest £90m in Coventry and Warwickshire schools The Liberal Democrats party leader has written exclusively for the Telegraph CoventryTo eat or heat? Coventry's first fuelbank will help families facing tough choice Foodbank users with pre-payment meters will get vouchers for their gas or electricity Game of ThronesWhen does Game of Thrones season 7 start? Plot spoilers, new cast members and more Here's everything you need to know about series 7 from spoilers, to new characters and more BBCBBC drama Three Girls: The horrific true story of Rochdale grooming gang Parts two and three will air on Wednesday night and Thursday night, at 9pm, on BBC One Most Read Most Recent Game of ThronesWhen does Game of Thrones season 7 start? Plot spoilers, new cast members and more Here's everything you need to know about series 7 from spoilers, to new characters and more Coventry City FCCoventry City boss Mark Robins misses out on title winning skipper The Sky Blues boss is looking to strengthen in the centre of defence this summer Leamington SpaCCTV: Man left with broken eye socket after McDonald's attack Witnesses sought after incident in Leamington Conservative PartyBacklash as DWP unveils "target" to dismiss most benefit appeals MRs were already under fire because they are far less likely than full appeals to end in victory drayton manorDrayton Manor tragedy schoolgirl Evha Jannath, 11, died of chest injuries The 11-year-old from Leicester, was fatally injured last Tuesday at the Staffordshire theme park CoventryLive: M6 gridlocked as suspected multiple lorry collision closes stretch of motorway News, sport and travel updates from across the region and beyond Coventry City FCFormer Coventry City loan star Stephen Warnock released by Wigan Athletic Then 22-year-old Warnock made 44 appearances and scored three goals for City General Election 2017Liberal Democrats leader Tim Farron pledges to invest £90m in Coventry and Warwickshire schools The Liberal Democrats party leader has written exclusively for the Telegraph CoventryTo eat or heat? Coventry's first fuelbank will help families facing tough choice Foodbank users with pre-payment meters will get vouchers for their gas or electricity Wasps RFCWasps' Jimmy Gopperth wins Aviva Premiership player-of-the-season award The Kiwi ace becomes the first Wasp to lift the prestigious award Top Stories General Election 2017Liberal Democrats leader Tim Farron pledges to invest £90m in Coventry and Warwickshire schools The Liberal Democrats party leader has written exclusively for the Telegraph CoventryTo eat or heat? Coventry's first fuelbank will help families facing tough choice Foodbank users with pre-payment meters will get vouchers for their gas or electricity drayton manorDrayton Manor tragedy schoolgirl Evha Jannath, 11, died of chest injuries The 11-year-old from Leicester, was fatally injured last Tuesday at the Staffordshire theme park CrimeMan wanted for human trafficking offences could be in Warwickshire Police are trying to find 26-year-old Van Than Nguyen Leamington SpaCCTV: Man left with broken eye socket after McDonald's attack Witnesses sought after incident in Leamington CoventryFive stories you must read before bed Here's the news you might have missed CourtsCourts: Man fined just £10 after two sexual assaults Cases heard by Coventry magistrates on March 23 NuneatonWorker suffers multiple injuries in fall at Nuneaton industrial estate He was taken to University Hospital Coventry and Warwickshire Coventry City FCCoventry City season ticket holders blast "underhand" 38% price rise Fans in five blocks have been hit by a massive hike despite the club saying it had frozen prices Traffic and TravelRecap: Gridlock as M69 crash causes three miles of tailbacks... and counting News, sport and travel updates from across the region and beyond M6Watch World War 2 bomb detonation - from every angle Thick plumes of smoke can also be seen shooting out of the blast site Coventry City CouncilConservatives refuse to condemn racially abusive council colleague A former Conservative councillor, who was caught up in a racism row of his own, actively supported him Game of ThronesWhen does Game of Thrones season 7 start? Plot spoilers, new cast members and more Here's everything you need to know about series 7 from spoilers, to new characters and more Leamington SpaCCTV: Man left with broken eye socket after McDonald's attack Witnesses sought after incident in Leamington Conservative PartyBacklash as DWP unveils "target" to dismiss most benefit appeals MRs were already under fire because they are far less likely than full appeals to end in victory CoventryLive: M6 gridlocked as suspected multiple lorry collision closes stretch of motorway News, sport and travel updates from across the region and beyond CourtsCourts: Man fined just £10 after two sexual assaults Cases heard by Coventry magistrates on March 23 drayton manorDrayton Manor tragedy schoolgirl Evha Jannath, 11, died of chest injuries The 11-year-old from Leicester, was fatally injured last Tuesday at the Staffordshire theme park Coventry City FCCoventry City season ticket holders blast "underhand" 38% price rise Fans in five blocks have been hit by a massive hike despite the club saying it had frozen prices Traffic and TravelRecap: Gridlock as M69 crash causes three miles of tailbacks... and counting News, sport and travel updates from across the region and beyond Coventry BeesCould Coventry Bees speedway team be saved by this dramatic move? Bees owner Mick Horton has spoken exclusively to the Telegraph CoventryTo eat or heat? Coventry's first fuelbank will help families facing tough choice Foodbank users with pre-payment meters will get vouchers for their gas or electricity Commonwealth GamesThese are the most valuable £2 coins in circulation right now Typically, the most expensive coins have some sort of flaw, be it imprinting errors or missing prints General Election 2017Liberal Democrats leader Tim Farron pledges to invest £90m in Coventry and Warwickshire schools The Liberal Democrats party leader has written exclusively for the Telegraph Coventry City CouncilConservatives refuse to condemn racially abusive council colleague A former Conservative councillor, who was caught up in a racism row of his own, actively supported him NuneatonWorker suffers multiple injuries in fall at Nuneaton industrial estate He was taken to University Hospital Coventry and Warwickshire Jaguar Land RoverPrototype Range Rover catches fire at Whitley The car caught fire in a testing cell at Jaguar Land Rover's Whitley headquarters BBCBBC drama Three Girls: The horrific true story of Rochdale grooming gang Parts two and three will air on Wednesday night and Thursday night, at 9pm, on BBC One CrimeMan wanted for human trafficking offences could be in Warwickshire Police are trying to find 26-year-old Van Than Nguyen Courts16-year-old Coventry boy behind bars after having sex with girl who was only 12 Teenager charged with rape because girl was legally to young too consent EducationCoventry and Warwick universities earn top spots in 2018 national guide Honours for city's universities in Guardian University Guide 2018 BedworthMum's horror as garden went up in flames before her eyes "I was absolutely petrified, I was shaking tip to toe" News What's On Sport Football Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram InYourArea Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2017 Trinity Mirror Midlands This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay close Breaking news
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News General Election World Report Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices Asda has vacancies for Chilled Colleagues - here's what the job entails and how to apply Birmingham Mail James Rodger 19 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 'Saddest dog in the world' saved again Two charged after schoolgirl's body found in car Asda is on the hunt for employees - and one particular job role is bound to pique your interest. The supermarket chain, owned by US giant Walmart, is on the lookout for staff. Asda require a Chilled Colleague (yes, that's really a thing) for its store in Gorseinon, South Wales. "We’re one big team, so we’re looking for helpful, outgoing people who can get along with and support others," the company says. As a Chilled Colleague you will "have a smile in your voice and always say ‘hello’ and ‘goodbye’ – and in between show an interest and find out customers’ needs", according to the retailer. Start your hunt for a new job here today As part of the role, you will greet customers with a smile and use eye contact, always paying full attention to the customer you are serving. Asda adds: "Courtesy is a big part of our warm and friendly service culture so remember the importance of saying please and thank you "Treat every customer as an individual; YOU may be the first person the customer speaks to in the store, and possibly the last. "YOU can make a difference to the customer experience." Successful applicants will also be required to aalk about products – you will learn about the products you sell as your training progresses, know how all your products can be used so that you can give advice and help to your customers. Aldi is advertising jobs with incredible salaries and benefits in the West Midlands - and here's how to apply Other job requirements include: Make a friendly parting comment Try to recommend additional products to meet customer needs Help to maximise sales (and customer satisfaction) by keeping shelves replenished and products always available The part-time role requires you to work 19 hours a week. The closing date is 24 May. Click here to apply. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from Birmingham Mail British Airways is back at Birmingham Airport - these are the best deals Birmingham Mail How Solihull Moors' Football League dreams have just been given a boost Birmingham Mail New nightclub, bar and restaurant to open in city centre Birmingham Mail Birmingham Mail More from Birmingham Mail Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Unlock the Secret Deals You Didn't Know Existed Home | Companies Tags: Target | Profit | Turnaround | Shares | Stock Target's Shares Jump as Profit Jumps, Turnaround Efforts Pay Off (Getty/Justin Sullivan) Wednesday, 17 May 2017 08:19 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Target Corp. reported higher-than-expected quarterly profit and sales as some of its turnaround initiatives, including revamping stores and increased promotions, paid off. The company's shares rose 8.4 percent in premarket trading on Wednesday, bringing some cheer to the retail sector, which has been hurt by weak performances from department store chains last week. Target said in February it would undertake "aggressive promotional activities", revamp stores and invest in new brands and technology to combat competition from Wal-Mart Stores Inc and Amazon.com Inc. "We have started seeing improvement in store standards, including in-stocks, general tidiness and the front-end register experience as well as price investment," Jefferies analyst Daniel Binder said in a pre-earnings client note. Sales at Target stores open at least a year fell 1.3 percent, better than the 3.6 percent decline expected by analysts polled by research firm Consensus Metrix. The company said these sales fell due to a drop in customer visits and as shoppers bought fewer items on average. This was partially offset by a rise in demand for swimwear, electronics such as the Nintendo Switch gaming console, and also products created in collaboration with celebrities such as Victoria Beckham. The price war among U.S. big-box retailers is intensifying, with Wal-Mart and German grocery chain Aldi Inc taking actions such as changing prices frequently and forcing suppliers to reduce prices. Target's net income rose to $681 million, or $1.23 per share, in the first quarter ended April 29, from $632 million, or $1.05 per share, a year earlier. The retailer had recorded a $261 million charge related to the early retirement of debt in the year-earlier period. Excluding items, Target earned a profit of $1.21 per share. Revenue fell 1.1 percent to $16.02 billion. Analysts on average had expected earnings of 91 cents per share on revenue of $15.62 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Target also said the higher-than-expected performance in the first quarter increased the probability of its full-year results coming in above the midpoint of its previous forecast. It had forecast a low-single digit decline in comparable sales and adjusted earnings of $3.80-$4.20 per share for the year ending January 2018. © 2017 Thomson/Reuters. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Companies Target Corp. reported higher-than-expected quarterly profit and sales as some of its turnaround initiatives, including revamping stores and increased promotions, paid off. Target, Profit, Turnaround, Shares, Stock 357 Wednesday, 17 May 2017 08:19 AM 2017-19-17 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Jack Welch: Trump Impeachment Would 'Blow the Market Away' Wednesday, 17 May 2017 | 57 comments This is getting funnier by the day. Why are the democrats going to get to... US, China Agree to First Trade Steps Under 100-day Plan Friday, 12 May 2017 | 24 comments I agree its time Bill Clinton went away and took the master crook Hillary... Employers Beware: About 63 Percent of U.S. Workers Are Open to Leaving Monday, 15 May 2017 | 19 comments And yet, we still have 36.7% of working age adults without jobs. Maybe we... Oil Jumps as Saudi Arabia Voices Support for OPEC Deal Extension Monday, 15 May 2017 | 12 comments There is more oil in the ground then the Oil industries will let on... If... More Price Hikes Likely for Obamacare Insurance Markets Saturday, 13 May 2017 | 12 comments Heh, Barack, Antsy Nancy, Dumb Chuck, did you notice this is just like one... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Introducing a Unique, Versatile Eco-Friendly Shopping Bag System — Lotus Trolley Bag — Now Available at Amazon.Com New Bag System Eliminates Need for Earth-Damaging, Animal-Hurting Plastic Bags and Tree-Killing Paper Bags and Gets Shoppers Out of the Store Faster SAN DIEGO, May 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Lotus Trolley Bag, a new patent-pending, eco-friendly shopping bag system that boasts four large bags, was launched today via Amazon.com. Designed to help shoppers easily organize and efficiently pack their groceries in a fraction of the time, the Lotus Trolley Bag system is reusable with durable bags that easily spread out, accordion-style, in a grocery shopping cart.  Equipped with rods that are designed to fit all shopping carts including those at Costco, Sam's Club, Albertsons, Wal-Mart, among others, the Lotus Trolley Bag features extended handles, double stitching and wider openings that make it easy to carry and unload groceries. Unlike any other bag on the market, the Lotus Trolley Bag can be made into one bag, with a simple Velcro strip, for easy transit to be  placed onto the back of a shopping cart, with no hook needed, while a person shops. At check out when items are on the conveyor belt, the bag is simply placed inside the cart and spread out in one easy motion to make four separate bags. The upright bags allow the bagger to pack the goods with ease with both hands in a fraction of the time. Once at your car, the shopper can effortlessly separate each bag to individually fit in the trunk. Once unpacked, simply re-attach the bags along the Velcro strips and roll up. The Lotus Trolley Bag's unique four bag design includes a large cooler bag that can hold big pizza boxes and it also offers a special patent-pending bag that securely fits two egg cartons and two wine bottles. The inspiration to experiment and develop a new shopping bag system stemmed from two significant trends, according to Lotus Trolley Bag creators, husband and wife Farzan and Jennifer Dehmoubed. "With the recent ban on plastic shopping bags and the nation's fever to reduce the impact of bags on the environment, we saw a need for creating quality recycled bags that would not be forgotten at home and also quickly end up in landfills. We wanted to eliminate the need for earth-damaging, animal-hurting plastic bags and tree-killing paper bags. We were also determined to create a bag that was practical, based on comfort, using soothing colors, and lets shoppers get in and out of the store faster." The Lotus Trolley Bag system is washable, eco-friendly, and made of recycled plastic that resembles canvas with durable double stitching. The strong mesh on the bottom of each bag ensures spills don't pool in the bags. While most reusable bags are made of 60-75 grams per square meter non-woven material, the Dehmoubeds wanted to ensure that a much higher standard was adhered to and used premium 120 grams per square meter non-woven material that will accommodate over 70 pounds per bag. The bags are also detachable and can be used at the beach, on road trips, picnics and for gardening and more.  The Lotus Trolley Bag comes in an assortment of colors including blue, purple, mint, and khaki. The Lotus Trolley Bag system is a "1% FOR THE PLANET" member and a portion of each sale goes towards worthy charities the founders are passionate about including the Surfrider Foundation and Plastic Pollution Coalition.  Each Lotus Trolley Bag system comes with a 100% money back guarantee. The Lotus Trolley Bag system retails for a discounted price of $29.95 with free shipping and can be ordered online at Amazon.com at http://bit.ly/lotustrolleybag. For more information on Lotus Trolley Bag visit http://www.LotusTrolleyBag.com.  CONTACT: Mary Schmidt-Krebs, APR 760-931-0775 160243@email4pr.com SOURCE Lotus Trolley Bag CategoriesUncategorized TagsEnvironmental Products & Services, Household Products, Household/Consumer/Cosmetics, New Products/Services, Retail, Supermarkets Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Zinc Bromide Market Report Presents an Overall Analysis, Development Trends, Driving Forces, Opportunities & Future Potential 2022 Next PostNext Altius Achieves New Annual Attributable Royalty Revenue Record; Release of Q4 (Year End) Financial Results June 21, 2017 Search Recent Posts Healthcare IT Outsourcing Market To Make Great Impact In Near Future by 2025 Gas Alarm Consumption Market – Global Industry Analysis, Market size, Share, Growth, Trend, Competitive Strategies, Worldwide Demand and forcast 2016 by QY Research Reports Raman Spectroscopy Market Report 2017: Horiba Jobin Yvon, Renishaw, Thermo, B&W Tek, Kaiser Optical 2017 to 2022 Global Fixed Crane Sales Market Research Analysis Report Global Clinical Trial Management System Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 15% by 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Introducing a Unique, Versatile Eco-Friendly Shopping Bag System — Lotus Trolley Bag — Now Available at Amazon.Com SAN DIEGO, May 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Lotus Trolley Bag, a new patent-pending, eco-friendly shopping bag system that boasts four large bags, was launched today via Amazon.com. Designed to help shoppers easily organize and efficiently pack their groceries in a fraction of the time, the Lotus Trolley Bag system is reusable with durable bags that easily spread out, accordion-style, in a grocery shopping cart.  Equipped with rods that are designed to fit all shopping carts including those at Costco, Sam’s Club, Albertsons, Wal-Mart, among others, the Lotus Trolley Bag features extended handles, double stitching and wider openings that make it easy to carry and unload groceries. Unlike any other bag on the market, the Lotus Trolley Bag can be made into one bag, with a simple Velcro strip, for easy transit to be  placed onto the back of a shopping cart, with no hook needed, while a person shops. At check out when items are on the conveyor belt, the bag is simply placed inside the cart and spread out in one easy motion to make four separate bags. The upright bags allow the bagger to pack the goods with ease with both hands in a fraction of the time. Once at your car, the shopper can effortlessly separate each bag to individually fit in the trunk. Once unpacked, simply re-attach the bags along the Velcro strips and roll up. Now available at Amazon.com, the new patent-pending, eco-friendly Lotus Trolley Bag, offers a shopping bag system that boasts four large bags and was designed to help shoppers easily organize and efficiently pack their groceries in a fraction of the time. The Lotus Trolley Bag system is reusable with durable, washable bags that easily spread out, accordion-style, in a grocery shopping cart. The Lotus Trolley Bag’s unique four bag design includes a large cooler bag that can hold big pizza boxes and it also offers a special patent-pending bag that securely fits two egg cartons and two wine bottles. The inspiration to experiment and develop a new shopping bag system stemmed from two significant trends, according to Lotus Trolley Bag creators, husband and wife Farzan and Jennifer Dehmoubed. „With the recent ban on plastic shopping bags and the nation’s fever to reduce the impact of bags on the environment, we saw a need for creating quality recycled bags that would not be forgotten at home and also quickly end up in landfills. We wanted to eliminate the need for earth-damaging, animal-hurting plastic bags and tree-killing paper bags. We were also determined to create a bag that was practical, based on comfort, using soothing colors, and lets shoppers get in and out of the store faster.” The Lotus Trolley Bag system is washable, eco-friendly, and made of recycled plastic that resembles canvas with durable double stitching. The strong mesh on the bottom of each bag ensures spills don’t pool in the bags. While most reusable bags are made of 60-75 grams per square meter non-woven material, the Dehmoubeds wanted to ensure that a much higher standard was adhered to and used premium 120 grams per square meter non-woven material that will accommodate over 70 pounds per bag. The bags are also detachable and can be used at the beach, on road trips, picnics and for gardening and more.  The Lotus Trolley Bag comes in an assortment of colors including blue, purple, mint, and khaki. The Lotus Trolley Bag system is a „1% FOR THE PLANET” member and a portion of each sale goes towards worthy charities the founders are passionate about including the Surfrider Foundation and Plastic Pollution Coalition.  Each Lotus Trolley Bag system comes with a 100% money back guarantee. The Lotus Trolley Bag system retails for a discounted price of $29.95 with free shipping and can be ordered online at Amazon.com at http://bit.ly/lotustrolleybag. For more information on Lotus Trolley Bag visit http://www.LotusTrolleyBag.com.  CONTACT: Mary Schmidt-Krebs, APR 760-931-0775 160243@email4pr.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/introducing-a-unique-versatile-eco-friendly-shopping-bag-system—-lotus-trolley-bag—-now-available-at-amazoncom-300459036.html SOURCE Lotus Trolley Bag CategoriesUncategorized TagsNew Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Announcing ATIXA 2017 Mini-Whitepaper: Is Your Hospital Meeting its Title IX Obligations? Next PostNext Uppgreiðsla á skuldabréfaflokki OFANVI 11 1 Search Recent Posts REVA Symposium Showcases Clinical Data Free Hands-Only CPR Training Offered EEOC Sues Ruby Tuesday For Age Discrimination Cryolys® Evolution: Módulo de Refrigeração Incorporado Projetado para a Precellys® com o Homogenizador Evolution COMMONWEALTH TRANSPORTATION BOARD SEEKS INPUT ON PROJECTS – The public is invited to provide their feedback on projects that are scored and recommended for funding Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On-Air All Staff Schedule Roger Neel Kathy Whyte Bob Joseph Listen Introducing: The WNBF News Radio 1290 Mobile App Listen Live Mobile App Events Mountain Jam Bus Trip Taste of Country Bus Trip Binghamton Bridge Run Oktoberfest Celebration Calendar Add Your Event News-Breakers Club Sign Up Contests Professional Partners VIP Support Win Stuff Ultimate Mother’s Day Giveaway BeatsX Wireless Fujifilm Instax Mini 8 Bundle $100 Cabela’s Gift Card GreenWorks Cordless Lawn Mower iRobot Roomba 860 Robotic Vacuum Cleaner $200 Visa Gift Card Blink Home Security Camera System Xbox One S Minecraft Bundle Weather Forecast & Details School Closings/Delays Business & Office Closings Contact Us Help & Contact Info Employment Opportunities Send Feedback Advertise Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Trending: News Mom’s Day Giveaway WNBF Phone App Kat’s Recipes Sports WNBF Exclusives Trump Tweets Closings Man Naps in Stolen U-Haul By Kathy Whyte May 17, 2017 8:43 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Bob Joseph/WNBF News Johnson City Police say an Orlando, Florida man found sleeping in a U-Haul truck in the WalMart parking lot is facing a felony charge. A Patrol officer checked on the truck in the parking lot at around 12:15 a.m. May 16 and felt the vehicle appeared suspicious. Authorities say they ran a check of the license plate on the rental vehicle and found it had been reported stolen. 55 year old Wayne Eiss is charged with felony criminal possession of stolen property. Police say Eiss is accused of taking the vehicle from an acquaintance in Orange County Florida May 11 and driving it to New York. Eiss was sent to the Broome County Jail.   Filed Under: criminal possession of stolen property | felony | U-Haul | Walmart Category: Crime | Local News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of 1290 WNBF Heart Association Wellness Summit Norwich Fire Department Receives Equipment Funds Plate Reader Leads to Vestal Man’s DWI Arrest LISTEN: The Men Behind the B.C. Comic Strip Recommended For You ZergNet Best Of The Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the Staff Roger Neel Bob Joseph Kathy Whyte WNBF 1290 on Facebook Sign up for our newsletter Sign up for our newsletter! Join the News-Breakers Club Now Sign up to get exclusive access to VIP events, contests, coupons, giveaways, presales and much more! Sign Up Now Recent News Heart Association Wellness Summit May 17, 2017 5:30 PM Norwich Fire Department Receives Equipment Funds May 17, 2017 4:23 PM Ponies Stampede Altoona May 17, 2017 3:50 PM Plate Reader Leads to Vestal Man’s DWI Arrest May 17, 2017 2:52 PM LISTEN: The Men Behind the B.C. Comic Strip May 17, 2017 1:12 PM EEO Advertise Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Binghamton Business Listings Welcome back to News-Breakers Club It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to News-Breakers Club It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://wnbf.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to News-Breakers Club (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here News-Breakers Club brought to you by: Sign up for News-Breakers Club Register Now Sign up for News-Breakers Club quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! News-Breakers Club brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive News-Breakers Club contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook News-Breakers Club brought to you by: WNBF 1290 Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
topamax recall Thursday, May. 18, 2017 News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Arts Statistics Real Estate Youth Church Obituaries Farm Business-Employment Community & Columns Calendar About Us Submit Stories Archives RSS Salvation Army kicks off LemonAID event Digg this post Recommend on Facebook Share via MySpace Tweet about it Print for later Tell a friend Submitted information The Salvation Army is now in its annual LemonAID days, following its recent kickoff event at Walmart this past Saturday. The organization is asking the community to set up LemonAID booths on behalf of The Salvation Army. It can be a traditional style LemonAID booth or something a little more creative, like a drive-through booth or door-to-door LemonAID deliveries. “All we’re asking is for people to sign up with us, do their lemonAID fund-raiser, and bring the money to us, so that we can use it to serve our community food,” said Lieutentant Josh Morales of the Salvation Army. Oftentimes, kids want to help schoolmates in need, but they are not sure what they can do, Morales noted. LemonAID gives them a fun way to solve that problem. All they do is set up, bring the money to the Salvation Army, and that organization helps the kids that need it. It’s kids helping hungry kids! There are some benefits to signing up, too. For those who sign up, the Salvation Army gets them started with a starter kit, which includes the first batch of lemonade and some promotional posters to help draw attention. Also, by signing up and bringing in raised money to the organization by its finale day (July 21), volunteers will get free entry into the Finale pool party at the YWCA, as well as a t-shirt. All of this is simply put in place so kids can get involved in their community and help feed the hungry. It’s all about kids helping hungry kids. POSTED: 05/17/17 at 7:37 am. FILED UNDER: News Copyright © 2010-2017 The Van Wert Independent — Subscribe to our RSS feed — Web Site Design by J. DeWert Enterprises, LLC
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart Global Responsibility Report Message From CEO Doug McMillon SOURCE: Walmart SUMMARY: „We want to make a difference, and we want to be a trusted retailer that customers, associates, communities and shareholders are proud of.” Doug McMillon Chief Executive Officer Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. DESCRIPTION: This year marks 25 years since then-President George H. W. Bush awarded our founder, Sam Walton, the prestigious Presidential Medal of Freedom. President Bush came to Bentonville, Arkansas that March day to present the award. And while he spoke about Sam’s business success, he focused most of his remarks on the personal qualities that set Sam apart from his peers: his determination, his decency and the good Walmart does in communities. As he accepted the award, Sam said that if we work together we’ll give the world an opportunity to see what it’s like to save and have a better life. That purpose still motivates us. We love making our customers’ lives easier—saving them money and making shopping simple and convenient. Helping people live better also means supporting our associates and serving our communities, and doing the right thing every day. At the end of the day, it comes down to trust. Earning trust means selling quality products at low prices and giving back to communities. But it goes even deeper than that. All over the world, we’re seeing that customers are increasingly aware of the products they are buying and their impact on the world. They have less time to research the products they buy—yet they care even more about how they are sourced. They’ll choose to shop with retailers who provide that transparency so they can feel good about the items they purchase. They expect us to use our strength to make a difference on environmental and social issues. That is our expectation too. We believe we can deliver for our customers at the same time we create what Dr. Michael Porter from Harvard Business School calls “shared value” for our business and society. In 2005, we set three aspirational goals: to be powered by 100 percent renewable energy, create zero waste and sell products that sustain people and the environment. Click here to view the complete message & experience the Walmart Global Responsibility Report 2017  Tweet me: Read @Walmart Global Responsibility Report message from CEO Doug McMillon http://bit.ly/2qDTkdE #workthatmatters KEYWORDS: Research, Reports & Publications, Media & Communications, Walmart, Doug McMillon Chief Executive Officer CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Patient Temperature Management Device Market Analysis Along With Market Share, Challenging Influential Players , Trend And Forecasting 2022 Next PostNext Lynnwood Dog & Horse Arthritis Tendon Muscle & Back Pain PEMF Treatment Launched Search Recent Posts National Agency of Search and Relief highly supports the Indonesia’s tourism sector StartBlox launches the first ever “Coach” app for starting a new business Dillon Gage Metals Offers Exclusive One-Ounce Silver Round Xago Africa e Alevo Analytics se associam à Agência de Comércio e Desenvolvimento dos EUA para fornecer assistência técnica para armazenamento de energia no Quênia G’s Melody Cafe Relaunches Radio Station and Hosts Special Events in the Community Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Retail Search Search PoliticsRepublicans Are Worried that Trump’s Scandals May Hurt Their Legislative Agenda BrazilBrazil’s President Was Reportedly Taped Discussing Hush Money for a Witness in a Huge Graft Probe NAFTACanada’s Foreign Minister Will Visit Mexico to Discuss Renegotiating NAFTA TechAlmost 40,000 AT&T Workers Threaten Weekend Strike Target Target Shares Go Flying On Smaller Than Expected Sales Decline Phil Wahba May 17, 2017 It was not quite the retail apocalypse for Target (tgt). The chain on Wednesday reported a smaller than expected first-quarter comparable sales decline, buoyed by an improving retail environment in the latter two months and improving apparel sales that got a boost from a temporary collection by designer Victoria Beckham. A 1.5% decline, though hardly a return to the good old days for Target, was far less dramatic than the 3.6% drop Wall Street analysts were fearing, according to Consensus Metrix. After other retailers—notably Kohl's (kss), J.C. Penney (jcp), and Macy's (m)—last week reported awful quarterly numbers, investors were nervous. But by beating expectations, however modest, Target sent its shares up 7.5% in premarket trading. Nonetheless, there was still ample reason for investors to be concerned about Target longer-term: the company said fewer customers came into stores and bought fewer items on average, an ongoing problem for the retailer, and one that shows its challenges in fighting back its biggest rivals, Walmart (wmt) and Amazon.com (amzn). What's more, online sales rose 22% in the quarter, a much slower pace than in the preceding two quarters. Still, Target benefitted from strong demand for swimwear, and some electronics such as the Nintendo Switch gaming console. And more encouragingly, apparel sales were strong, in marked contrast to the challenges faced by department stores and specialty apparel chains of late. Earlier this year, Target said it would be more aggressive on prices and focus more marketing on getting that message across; improve stores; overhaul many of its house brands; and develop two new ones. Those efforts would cost an expected $7 billion, news that startled investors in February as it underlined how far Target had fallen behind its rivals on certain fronts. Revenue in the quarter ended April 29 fell 1.1% to $16.02 billion, while profit was $1.21 per share excluding certain items. Analysts on average had expected earnings of 91 cents per share on revenue of $15.62 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Yet Target CEO Brian Cornell sounded a note of caution. "While we are confident in our plans, we are facing multiple headwinds in the current landscape. As a result, we will continue to plan our business prudently while preparing our team to chase business when we have an opportunity," he said. And the company didn't increase its already cautious profit forecast for the year despite handily beating forecasts in the first quarter, showing that happy retail days are not here again yet. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Subscribe Log In Search Listen Now Thursday, May 18, 2017 83 Today's Paper Weather 74°F Clear Thursday, May 18, 2017   Today's Schedule   Listen Now! Toggle navigation News Local State Nation - World Business Obituaries Weather Sports Prep Sports Illini Sports All Sports Illini Forums Business Living A&E Blogs Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Guest Commentary All Opinions Multimedia Photo Galleries Podcasts Videos Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Breaking News Mahomet-Seymour student killed in Douglas County wreck Retailers, feds allege price fixing among tuna suppliers share Facebook Twitter | Subscribe More Business Ford cuts 10% of white-collar workforce Target profit rises, though a key sales measure falls Prairieland Boy Scouts honoring Atkins family as distinguished citizens Industrial production posts biggest gain since 2014 × Login Options Commenting Login to comment or to shop for deal of the day or books. Member Login Login to your member account to read premium articles. Username or e-mail: * Password: * Create new account Request new password Close Home » News » Business Retailers, feds allege price fixing among tuna suppliers Wed, 05/17/2017 - 7:00am | The Associated Press Photo by: Eugene Hoshiko/AP Customers walk past the head of a bluefin tuna in front of a seafood restaurant Tuesday at Tsukiji fish market in Tokyo. Criminal and civil cases allege executives at the largest canned-tuna companies have conspired to collectively raise prices and limit promotions. BANGKOK (AP) — Executives of the most popular tuna brands in the United States — Chicken of the Sea, Bumble Bee and StarKist — conspired regularly to keep prices high for consumers with a taste for one of America's favorite sandwich ingredients, according to criminal and civil court records updated this week. A typical can of tuna today costs about $1.50, and the U.S. Department of Justice says that price may be the result of price fixing by Thai, South Korean and U.S. seafood dealers, while major retailers are suing, alleging they've been ripped off. The U.S. government began investigating criminal price fixing among the three companies more than two years ago. Together the companies supply about 80 percent of the $1.7 billion of canned tuna sold annually in the United States, according to the court records. Following up, Wal-Mart and other top retailers filed civil lawsuits. Those cases were updated this week with an appendix first reported by Undercurrent News that singles out dozens of tuna executives, roping in some of the wealthiest businessmen in Thailand, where Chicken of the Sea's parent company, Thai Union, is based. "Thai Union does not comment on ongoing legal matters," the company said in a statement. The other firms did not respond immediately for requests for comment. The litigation describes regular telephone calls and meetings where "executives agreed that all three companies would collectively raise prices." They also agreed to "limit promotions and packaged tuna that undercut their published pricing," according to court records. Thai Union's president and CEO, Thiraphong Chansiri, his father, Kraisorn, and dozens of other Thai and American executives are now identified specifically in the ongoing case. Thai Union owns Chicken of the Sea, Red Lobster and U.S. Pet Nutrition, among other companies. In-Gu Park, acting president of South Korea-based Dongwon Enterprise, which owns StarKist, and Chris Lischewski, president and CEO of San Diego-based BumbleBee, were also named in the court records. Although fewer Americans eat tuna every year, it's still a mainstay in most kitchens and the country's favorite type of fish. Canned tuna was popularized during World War 1, when it was a convenient protein for troops who returned home and continued to ask for it. Last week in the criminal case in San Francisco, Bumble Bee Foods said it would plead guilty to a felony charge of conspiring to fix the prices of canned and pouched tuna, and pay a $25 million fine. The announcement came after two Bumble Bee executives, senior vice-presidents Ken Worsham and Walter Scott Cameron, also pleaded guilty. They agreed to cooperate with authorities in the ongoing investigation, and face jail time and fines. The FBI and Justice Department said their investigation into packaged seafood is aimed at protecting consumers who deserve competitive prices. Sections (2):News, Business Topics (3):Agriculture, Food, Retail More Business Ford cuts 10% of white-collar workforce Target profit rises, though a key sales measure falls Prairieland Boy Scouts honoring Atkins family as distinguished citizens Industrial production posts biggest gain since 2014 More Business Ford cuts 10% of white-collar workforce Target profit rises, though a key sales measure falls Prairieland Boy Scouts honoring Atkins family as distinguished citizens Industrial production posts biggest gain since 2014 Join the Conversation Comments News-Gazette.com embraces discussion of both community and world issues. We welcome you to contribute your ideas, opinions and comments, but we ask that you avoid personal attacks, vulgarity and hate speech. We reserve the right to remove any comment at our discretion, and we will block repeat offenders' accounts. To post comments, you must first be a registered user, and your username will appear with any comment you post. Happy posting. Login or register to post comments Latest News Dust storm on I-72 Alleged teen stabber ordered held at detention center Man acquitted on armed habitual criminal charge Child welfare head vows reform in abuse probes Ford cuts 10% of white-collar workforce Fallout over Comey memo, Trump's intel disclosure persists Israel lauds U.S. security ties following Trump disclosures Ryan backs Trump, cautions against 'rush to judgment' Target profit rises, though a key sales measure falls The latest: Oklahoma governor to tour tornado damage More Local News Most Viewed News Monticello woman hits $4 million lottery jackpot Woman stabbed in Champaign Offerman: 'Figure out how best to love and be loved' Rietz: No charges expected in Centennial student's death Two teens detained after car chase from Rantoul to Ludlow Most Commented News The Relunctant Townie: Rodney Davis voted for your death panel Nobel laureate's talk at UI canceled after faculty backlash Take on Tom Petty: 'Didn't miss a beat' Health district admin on Davis: 'People will die, and he will own that vote' UPDATED: 3 UI football players charged with burglary, robbery Trending Now Monticello woman hits $4 million lottery jackpot Two teens detained after car chase from Rantoul to Ludlow Rietz: No charges expected in Centennial student's death UPDATE: Former St. Thomas More student behind alleged threat that led to lockdown Mahomet-Seymour student killed in Douglas County wreck UPDATE: 1 dead, at least 2 hurt in chain-reaction wreck in Douglas County Nobel laureate's talk at UI canceled after faculty backlash Chicago man accused of beating, raping woman at Champaign motel Tom Kacich: Love birds find happily ever after in St. Joseph eatery Crystal cleared: Makeover underway at Urbana's signature park Accident snarls traffic on I-74 in east Urbana Radio Newstalk 1400 WDWS-AM Lite Rock 97.5 WHMS-FM Classic Hits 107.9 WKIO-FM Print County Star The Independent News The Leader LeRoy Farmer City Press Mahomet Citizen Paxton Record Journal Republican Rantoul Press Magazines At Home Magazine Central Illinois Business Magazine Customer Service Help Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Subscription Information Quick Links eEdition Obituaries Submit Vacation Stop Staff List Pay your Subscription Buy a Photo Send a News Tip Submit an Announcement Start a subscription now to enjoy our award-winning local news and sports coverage. Print, digital, or both-- we've got you covered. Subscribe Connect with The News-Gazette © 1995-2017 The News-Gazette, Inc. | All Rights Reserved | 15 Main St., Champaign, IL 61820
Follow Sign in / Sign up Home Climate Politics Russia Immigration Economy Features Video Latest Bryce CovertBlockedUnblockFollowFollowing Economic Editor at ThinkProgress. Contact me: bcovert@thinkprogress.org May 17 America’s biggest employers leave their hourly workers out of paid family leave Many companies offer corporate employees generous leave without extending it to the people who actually serve customers. Starbucks baristas Jessica Svabenik, left, who’s expecting a child, and Kristen Picciolo, right, who didn’t get any paid leave. CREDIT: AP Photo/Ted S. Warren Niko Walker has given Starbucks seven years of his hard work, moving up the ranks from barista to shift supervisor. As a transgender man, he was drawn to a company that promises good benefits and has telegraphed an acceptance of diverse employees. The company’s health insurance has even paid for medical expenses stemming from his transition thus far. “Starbucks became important to me at a very early stage,” he said. “They’ve always been very supportive of me and who I am… That really drew me to the company.” But if and when Walker decides to start a family, he’s worried the acceptance of who he is and what he needs could evaporate. If Niko were a white collar employee working in Starbucks’s corporate headquarters, he would be able to take 12 weeks of fully paid time off for the arrival of his baby. As a male retail employee who may adopt, however, he won’t be offered any paid time off at all. Starbucks got a lot of glowing press for announcing an expansion of its paid family leave benefits for in-store employees in January, extending the time off for new birth mothers to six weeks at full pay. But according to a new report from the advocacy organization PL+US, the company has one of the most unequal paid leave policies between corporate employees and hourly retail workers. Its white collar workers get 18 weeks of paid leave at full pay for new mothers and 12 weeks for new fathers. But for anyone who actually works in a Starbucks coffee shop, birth mothers get less than half of that, while fathers or adoptive parents get nothing at all. According to the report, Starbucks’s more generous leave policy only applies to 3 percent of its total U.S. workforce. Walker himself found this out through a Facebook post. “I had no idea,” he said. “That really hit me, because I want to be a father one day.” “Starbucks has been a career for me,” he added. “I just want to know that my company would support me if I decide to go through that chapter, that part of my life.” Walker thinks he and all of his in-store coworkers deserve to share in the fruits of their labors. “It feels like they don’t think we work hard enough,” he said. But, in his view, “As baristas and shift leads in stores, we deal with a really good amount of business that comes through Starbucks… That dedication and hard work we’re putting into those stores drives our customers back every day. If they’re benefiting from that, we should, too.” While Starbucks may be one of the most imbalanced, it’s not much of an outlier when it comes to overall leave trends. The PL+US researchers looked at 35 companies that employ a large share of Americans, and of those, six confirmed that corporate employees are offered more paid leave than hourly or retail ones: AT&T, Darden Restaurants (owner of Olive Garden and others), McDonalds, Starbucks, Supervalu, and Yum!Brands (owner of Taco Bell and Pizza Hut). Many hourly workers get nothing at all. Walmart has no paid leave policy for its in-store workforce but offers 12 weeks of paid leave for corporate employees. Yum! Brands offers 18 weeks to birth mothers and six weeks to fathers and adoptive parents in its offices, but nothing to those who work in its restaurants. Corporate America is failing on paid family leave The largest employers discriminate against fathers and adoptive parents.thinkprogress.org The report found that another four companies exclude anyone who works part-time from paid leave benefits: Amazon, Marriott, Nike, and Toys R Us. Amazon also relies on a vast network of subcontractors but doesn’t require that they be offered any minimum of leave benefits. “Many of the companies that employ the most people have policies that provide significantly more paid family leave to corporate employees, while offering little — or nothing at all — to hourly/field/part-time workers,” the report says. “Our research shows that it is common practice to leave large proportions of the workforce at many of these companies out of the generous benefits touted in press releases.” Another 13 companies, or about a third of those in the group, have refused to make the details of their policies public. Most simply didn’t respond, but one, Trader Joe’s, specifically responded to say it wouldn’t share the information. The findings fit in with wider statistics on who gets paid leave and who doesn’t. Overall, while only 13 percent of Americans get paid family leave from work, those who make the least are even less likely to get the benefit. Just 5 percent of the lowest paid quarter of the workforce gets paid family leave, compared to 21 percent of the top quarter. Part-time workers are also a third less likely to get it than full-time ones. Kristen Picciolo found out that she wasn’t included in Starbucks’s generous corporate leave policy in the middle of labor. She got pregnant not too long after starting her job at the coffee chain, but she was excited about the prospect of taking paid time off when her baby arrived. The reality turned out to be different. “I was in labor in the hospital and got an email…saying I didn’t qualify for paid leave,” she said. She was short the requisite hours to qualify for the six weeks that retail employees are offered; she says that’s because the store often didn’t give her all of the hours she asked for. “I’m sure you can imagine that’s pretty stressful when you’re having a baby.” She took six weeks off without any pay while her boyfriend went into overdrive, picking up every available shift at his job as a restaurant server. But even six weeks with pay wouldn’t have been enough. Once that period was up, she was still breastfeeding every two hours and trying to adjust to life with a newborn. She requested more time, but was informed that she would have to take a personal leave — something retail employees can only take every three years, also unpaid. The good news was that she was able to take another three months off. The bad news was that the lack of pay left her and her family in a tough situation. “It was very stressful not having it paid,” she said. “It’s really hard to support a family.” To make ends meet, she sought out food pantries that offered diapers and other infant necessities. Both Picciolo and Walker have started campaigns urging the company to expand its paid leave policy so that it covers all employees, corporate and retail alike. While Walker hasn’t yet sent his petition to Starbucks headquarters, he has been surprised by the swift and supportive response so far. One evening he went to bed after seeing that there were 2,000 signatures. “I was like, ‘Oh that’s awesome,’” he said. Then “the next day I woke up and it was at 20,000.” He’s now up to nearly 28,000. Picciolo even went to headquarters to attend a shareholder meeting and spoke with the company’s vice president of benefits. She says she was told that the company is interesting in expanding its benefits for retail workers, but hasn’t heard from enough of them that paid leave is a priority. “I really, really hope that they hear from enough in-store employees that they’ll start offering everybody equal leave,” she said. In a few years, it could once again apply to her: she’d like to have another child. “I’d love for my little boy to have a sibling,” she said. Economy Paid Family Leave Starbucks Walmart Amazon 7 5 BlockedUnblockFollowFollowing Bryce Covert Economic Editor at ThinkProgress. Contact me: bcovert@thinkprogress.org Follow ThinkProgress Moving news forward. Share 7 Never miss a story from ThinkProgress, when you sign up for Medium. Learn more Never miss a story from ThinkProgress Get updatesGet updates
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Target Shares Rise on 1Q Earnings but CEO Not Ready to ‘High Five’ Yet ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Target Shares Rise on 1Q Earnings but CEO Not Ready to ‘High Five’ Yet By Victoria Craig Published May 17, 2017 Retail FOXBusiness Facebook Twitter Comments Print A newly constructed Target store is shown in San Diego, California (Copyright Reuters 2017) Target’s (TGT) first-quarter earnings were a bullseye for investors who sent the company’s shares up 3.5% Wednesday as the broader market moved sharply lower after it reported a smaller-than-expected decline in same-store sales. But the company’s CEO said he’s not ready for a round of high fives just yet. Continue Reading Below The Minneapolis-based retailer reported a 1.1% decline in revenue from a year ago to $16.02 billion, outpacing expectations for $15.62 billion. Comparable-store sales, a key metric for retailers which measures completed transactions at stores open at least a year, declined 1.3%, driven primarily by a decline in traffic and purchase sizes. However, the decline wasn’t as steep as the 3.6% drop analysts forecast, according to Consensus Matrix expectations. Same-store sales were a source of weakness for retailers as a whole in the first quarter, especially department stores like Macy’s (M) and JCPenney (JCP), as shoppers continue to shift their spending online rather than browsing through aisles in physical stores.  “We feel good about progress in the first quarter, but we’re not doing high fives. We know we have a lot of work to do. As a company, we have a very strong foundation…we have a very clear strategy in place and our focus will be on week-to-week execution from a physical and digital standpoint,” chairman and CEO Brian Cornell said on the company's earnings call with analysts.  While e-commerce giant Amazon (AMZN) continues to challenge traditional industry players, Target has revamped its focus in the space and saw sales rise 22% across its digital channels in 1Q. The company has worked to streamline in-house digital operations, abandoning a partnership with Curbside, an app that allowed customers to pick up orders outside the stores, instead working on developing its own service, the Wall Street Journal reported this week. Additionally, while facing mounting pressure from Walmart (WMT), which acquired Amazon rival Jet.com last year and has been on a buying spree – snapping up companies like Modcloth and Moosejaw –  Target had reportedly been working on an acquisition strategy before opting to develop its own competitive platforms. The company eliminated Goldfish, and in-house start up that would have provided a marketplace for third-party sellers, and walked away from various acquisition discussions including ones for Sprouts Farmers Market and online wholesale retailer Boxed, according to the Journal. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Cornell, in a statement said, that while the quarter began with “very soft trends,” Target saw improvement later in the quarter, particularly in March. “We are in the early stage of a multi-year effort to position Target for profitable, consistent long-term growth, and while we are confident in our plans, we are facing multiple headwinds in the current landscape,” he said. “As a result, we will continue to plan our business prudently while preparing our team to chase business when we have an opportunity.” To that end, Cornell said his company will evaluate M&A opportunities that will enhance Target’s current business initiatives and strengthen the core strategies of accelerating sales and complementing the brand’s interaction with its customers. Cornell and a team of executives on the earnings call repeatedly reiterated that focus going forward remains on growing in-store and online traffic, capturing more market share, and investing in brands while also improving the value proposition with customers. While investing more heavily online, Target has also doubled down on its brick-and-mortar strategy as it tests small-format stores in various parts of the country, including New York City, in an effort to reshape the brand’s big-box image. At the same time, the company in March unveiled new concept stores aimed at elevating the in-store experience and emphasizing exclusive brands as well as ease and simplicity for quick trips to the store for household items. The first new-format store will open in Richmond, Texas in October. In the first quarter, Target’s net earnings of $681 million, or $1.21 a share, represented a 6.1% decline from the same time a year ago, but were well above Wall Street expectations of 91 cents. The company expects a low single-digit decline in same-store sales both in the second quarter and for the full year, with earnings per share between 95 cents and $1.15 in the current quarter.  Target shares rose to $56.16 on Wednesday, but have posted declines of 25% over the last year amid industry-wide fears about a challenged retail environment.  Related Content Slowing Sales Growth at TJMaxx, Marshalls Parent Stokes Retail-Industry Concern Rue21 Joins Growing List of Retailers in Bankruptcy Sears CEO 'Taking a Stand' Against Craftsman Supplier, Shares Drop JCPenney Shares Drop Again as Wall Street Loses Faith in Turnaround These Five Department Stores Shed $4.2B in Market Value This Week Confident Shoppers Still Spending, Just not at Department Stores What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Latest News Dow 20,607 -372.82 -1.78% Nasdaq 6,011 -158.63 -2.57% S&P 500 2,357 -43.64 -1.82% 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% lower at 390.24 2:55 A.M. ET Burberry pretax profit below forecasts 2:48 A.M. ET French unemployment rate falls to 5-year low 2:47 A.M. ET Merck profit falls 12% 2:46 A.M. ET Cisco to lay off another 1,100 workers 2:46 A.M. ET Grupo Lala leads bids for Danone's Stonyfield Farm 2:46 A.M. ET Philippine economy unexpectedly loses steam 2:45 A.M. ET Chinese investors aren't buying PBOC's yuan fix 1:20 A.M. ET Oil prices step back as focus turns to OPEC meeting 1:03 A.M. ET Australian jobless rate sees surprise April fall 12:54 A.M. ET Japan economic growth picks up speed 12:01 A.M. ET Rents in San Francisco — and these 4 other cities — are getting slashed like crazy 5/17 Global investors must remember ‘all news is local,’ says Mark Mobius 5/17 Wall Street selloff sends Asian markets sprawling 5/17 Updated Man who called Dow 20,000 says stock market could see 1,000-point jump if Trump resigns 5/17 Volkswagen CEO named in criminal probe 5/17 Updated Trump knew Flynn was under investigation before hiring him: report 5/17 U.S. officials denounce violent attack by Turkish security on D.C. protesters 5/17 Updated When did you become an adult? Seth Meyers (and our parents) reveal the exact moment... 5/17 Updated Make this mistake at work and you’re likely to make your life miserable Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada Need to Know Get email alerts How to tell if the tide has finally turned on this Trump rally By Barbara Kollmeyer Published: May 17, 2017 10:29 a.m. ET Share Critical information for the U.S. trading day AFP/Getty Images Worry? By BarbaraKollmeyer Markets reporter It wouldn’t have been a stretch to call this stock market boring — at least, until today. The S&P 500 index SPX, -1.82%  managed Tuesday to deliver one of its narrowest trading ranges in 48 years, while techs set another record. The market has seemed invincible, ignoring whatever drama 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. tosses at it. spx_1705 But a shift may be underway after reports that U.S. President Donald Trump asked former FBI head James Comey to drop a probe into links between his inner circle and the Russians. Stocks are pointing south, and havens like gold and the yen — places to flee to in times of uncertainty — are pushing higher. Clap clap Citigroup, coining today 'James (Comey) and the giant impeachment'....— Chris Weston (@ChrisWeston_IG) May 17, 2017 It’s fair to ask if things are different this time, or whether investors can continue to rely on the adage apparently keeping this market afloat: “This too shall pass.” Our call of the day says today’s action could offer up some big clues as to whether the tide is turning on the Trump rally. “Everyone expects dip buyers to emerge. However, a close on the lows would indicate a clear change in sentiment, i.e. the return of some fear VIX, +46.38%  ,” said TheFrugalProf, blogging for SeekingAlpha. Dip buying has been a “consistent theme of selloffs to this point,” points out TheFrugalProf, referring to how investors have returned to buy stocks each time this bull market veers south. The blogger says to look for major indexes to close down more than 1% Wednesday on strong volume. If that happens, it will confirm that a double top is forming — a technical formation where instead of the market busting out to new highs, it stalls and hits resistance levels as sellers take profit. In addition, there was a “conspicuous” lack of volume in Tuesday’s action, a sign that buyers may be worn out, noted the blogger. Joel Kruger, currency strategist at LMAX Exchange, says in the short term, stocks are at “risk for a healthy correction, and on a longer-term basis, the risk for a material top is running high.” “So naturally, each time we reverse course from here, there is an added tension that any fundamental catalyst will be the straw that breaks the camel’s back,” he says. Check out: Trump impeachment? Bookies odds increasingly point to an early exit Key market gauges The Dow DJIA, -1.78%  , S&P 500 SPX, -1.82%  and Nasdaq COMP, -2.57%   are well in the red. Asia markets ADOW, -0.81%  were mostly down, while Europe SXXP, -1.20%   is largely in the red. Crude oil CLM7, -0.22%   is down ahead of Energy Information Administration data due later. Gold GCM7, -0.16%  and the Japanese yen USDJPY, +0.45%  are rising, with the dollar DXY, +0.32%  remaining underwater. Check out: The pound faces these hurdles as it battles to reclaim $1.30 Get the latest in Market Snapshot The chart It has been fairly bumpy few days for retailers, with the SPDR S&P Retail ETF XRT, -2.06%   off about 2.7% month-to-date, versus a 0.7% gain for the S&P 500 in that time period.  Target’s TGT, +0.94%  shares are popping higher after better-than-expected results that one analyst said would be “nothing but awful.” Still, the road is clearly a tough one for those not run by Jeff Bezos. From the Economist comes this chart that compares share-price trajectory for the past few years for Amazon.com AMZN, -2.21%  , Wal-Mart WMT, +0.01%  and Target. What’s more, Amazon’s market value is about 75% higher than the combination of its two rivals: Note, Wal-Mart WMT, +0.01%  reports Thursday before the bell — read a preview here. Also check out: Every time this happens, Amazon crushes another legacy retailer The buzz Getty Images . Cisco CSCO, -1.40%  earnings are coming after the close, and after the recent “WannaCry” ransomware attack, investors may be looking to see how its cyber-security unit fared in particular. Jack in the Box JACK, +5.67%  and Red Robin RRGB, +23.10% got a lift after beating Street forecasts with results. The quote .@GOPoversight is going to get the Comey memo, if it exists. I need to see it sooner rather than later. I have my subpoena pen ready.— Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) May 16, 2017 That’s Rep. Jason Chaffetz of Utah. The House Oversight Committee chief has asked acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe to hand over all of Comey’s memos regarding his meetings with Trump by May 24: .@jasoninthehouse requests any and all communications between Former FBI Director Comey and President Trump. 📄⇩ pic.twitter.com/mOBXjEHUSQ— Oversight Committee (@GOPoversight) May 17, 2017 Also read: McCain says Trump’s problems are ‘reaching Watergate size’ The stat Reuters SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket lifts off Dec. 21, 2015. $2,490 — That’s how much it will cost to send the ashes of your late loved one into space on one of Elon Musk’s SpaceX rockets. Friends and family can track that spacecraft via Apple IOS or Google’s Android app. So far, the burial plan has attracted 100 buyers. Random reads Years early, Chelsea Manning is being released. Frontier Airlines moms file suit over not being allowed to pump breast milk on the job. Drunken driver, plus injured lizard in bra. Brad Pitt, Stephen Colbert ponder life’s deep questions. Fat but fit? It’s all a myth, says new study. Highly recommended: Atlantic tale of modern-day slave in America South Korea President sees “high possibility” of North Korea conflict Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s bodyguards caught on film attacking Kurdish protesters in D.C.: Erdogan's bodyguards beat up Kurdish protesters in D.C. Just imagine what we are going through back in Turkey. https://t.co/4UhOfS27WJ— Mahir Zeynalov (@MahirZeynalov) May 17, 2017 Need to Know starts early and is updated until the opening bell, but sign up here to get it delivered once to your email box. Be sure to check the Need to Know item. The emailed version will be sent out at about 7:30 a.m. Eastern. Follow MarketWatch on Twitter, Instagram, Facebook. More from MarketWatch More Coverage Who’s more entitled — baby boomers or millennials? Finally, an answer... Bernanke: Always ‘puzzled’ by way markets ignore political risk until ‘last moment’ Nasdaq suffers biggest daily drop in nearly a year, as fear gauge soars on Trump worries Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References SPX -43.64 -1.82% VIX +4.94 +46.38% DJIA -372.82 -1.78% COMP -158.63 -2.57% ADOW -26.63 -0.81% SXXP -4.77 -1.20% CLM7 -0.11 -0.22% GCM7 -2.00 -0.16% USDJPY +0.50 +0.45% DXY +0.31 +0.32% XRT -0.86 -2.06% TGT +0.51 +0.94% AMZN -21.31 -2.21% WMT +0.01 +0.01% CSCO -0.48 -1.40% JACK +5.78 +5.67% RRGB +13.40 +23.10% Show all references Most Popular Man who called Dow 20,000 says stock market could see 1,000-point jump if Trump resigns Who’s more entitled — baby boomers or millennials? Finally, an answer... This sell-off is as much about earnings as it is about Trump Here’s how impeachment works — and why Trump is safe for now Rebuilding a Historic Villa on the French Riviera Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. MarketWatch Partner Center Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,357.03 -43.64 (-1.82%) Volume 2.7B Open 2,383 High 2,385 Low 2,356 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A CBOE Volatility Index MDX CBOE IND: VIX 15.59 +4.94 (+46.38%) Volume 0 Open 11.89 High 15.59 Low 11.53 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,606.93 -372.82 (-1.78%) Volume 423.2M Open 20,846 High 20,846 Low 20,601 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,357.03 -43.64 (-1.82%) Volume 2.7B Open 2,383 High 2,385 Low 2,356 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 6,011.24 -158.63 (-2.57%) Volume 0 Open 6,109 High 6,123 Low 6,009 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A The Asia Dow Index USD DJ-Index: ADOW 3,272.42 -26.63 (-0.81%) Volume 0 Open 3,295 High 3,295 Low 3,265 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A STOXX Europe 600 Index EUR STOXX: SXXP 391.14 -4.77 (-1.20%) Volume 0 Open 394.76 High 395.44 Low 390.15 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Crude Oil - Electronic Jun 2017 U.S.: Nymex: CLM7 $48.96 -0.11 (-0.22%) Volume 18702 Open $48.93 High $49.13 Low $48.78 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Gold - Electronic Jun 2017 U.S.: Comex: GCM7 $1,256.70 -2.00 (-0.16%) Volume 59695 Open $1,261 High $1,263 Low $1,256 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Japanese Yen Tullett Prebon: USDJPY 111.32 +0.50 (+0.45%) Volume 0 Open 110.82 High 111.42 Low 110.54 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. Dollar Index (DXY) U.S.: ICE Futures U.S.: DXY 97.70 +0.31 (+0.32%) Volume 0 Open 97.44 High 97.76 Low 97.37 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A SPDR S&P Retail ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XRT $40.88 -0.86 (-2.06%) Volume 4.7M Open $41.55 High $41.62 Low $40.88 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.06 Market Cap N/A Target Corp. U.S.: NYSE: TGT $55.04 +0.51 (+0.94%) Volume 22.7M Open $56.96 High $56.97 Low $55.04 P/E Ratio 11.23 Div Yield 4.36 Market Cap 30.1B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $944.76 -21.31 (-2.21%) Volume 5.0M Open $954.70 High $960.40 Low $944.12 P/E Ratio 177.78 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 461.8B Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $75.12 +0.01 (+0.01%) Volume 10.2M Open $75.05 High $75.73 Low $74.96 P/E Ratio 17.11 Div Yield 2.72 Market Cap 227.7B Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $75.12 +0.01 (+0.01%) Volume 10.2M Open $75.05 High $75.73 Low $74.96 P/E Ratio 17.11 Div Yield 2.72 Market Cap 227.7B Cisco Systems Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: CSCO $33.82 -0.48 (-1.40%) Volume 33.0M Open $34.20 High $34.31 Low $33.80 P/E Ratio 16.99 Div Yield 3.43 Market Cap 171.8B Jack in the Box Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: JACK $107.67 +5.78 (+5.67%) Volume 5.8M Open $111.73 High $113.00 Low $105.26 P/E Ratio 26.59 Div Yield 1.49 Market Cap 3.2B Red Robin Gourmet Burgers Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: RRGB $71.40 +13.40 (+23.10%) Volume 4.8M Open $67.70 High $72.10 Low $66.00 P/E Ratio 108.18 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 746.1M
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman PepsiCo and Feed the Children Unite to Strike out Hunger Community event to provide 800 D.C.-area families food and daily essentials WASHINGTON, May 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Eight hundred DC-area families in need will receive enough food to supplement meals for a week plus daily essentials, thanks to a partnership between PepsiCo and Feed the Children.  The event kicks off today at 11:00 a.m. at the Washington Nationals Youth Baseball Academy, 3675 Ely Place SE.  Participating families, pre-identified by the Washington Nationals Youth Baseball Academy and Central Union Mission, will each receive: one 25-pound box of nonperishable food items one 10-pound box of personal-care items one box of AVON products One 20-count Frito-Lay Variety Pack Pepsi Beverages Quaker Chewy Granola Bars Quaker Instant Oatmeal Tropicana Orange Juice Fresh fruit from Walmart Bread from Schmidt Baking Volunteers from PepsiCo, Walmart, Schmidt Bakery and Feed the Children will be onsite serving families and assisting with distribution. "We're excited to team up with the Feed the Children to help take care of our friends and neighbors in Washington D.C.," said Kevin Berry, sales zone director, Washington D.C. zone, PepsiCo's Frito-Lay Division. "We believe it's important that we give back to a community that means so much to us and we're grateful for the opportunity to take part in meeting these 800 families' needs." This is the eighth annual event PepsiCo and Feed the Children have hosted in the D.C. community, where eighteen percent of the population lives below the poverty line. Similar events will be hosted in other major U.S. cities throughout the remainder of the year. About Feed the Children Established in 1979, Feed the Children exists to end child hunger.  It is one of the largest U.S.-based charities and serves those in need in the U.S. and in 10 countries around the world. It provides food, education, essentials and disaster relief. Domestically, it operates 5 distribution centers (located in Oklahoma, Indiana, California, Tennessee and Pennsylvania). In fiscal year 2015, Feed the Children distributed 107 million pounds of food and essentials valued at $302 million to people in the U.S., and internationally, it sponsored nearly 24,500 children, addressing the root causes of poverty through child sponsorship and school sponsorship. It is accredited by GuideStar Exchange and the BBB Wise Giving Alliance as well as maintains a 4-star rating from Charity Navigator. Visit www.feedthechildren.org for more information. About PepsiCo PepsiCo products are enjoyed by consumers one billion times a day in more than 200 countries and territories around the world. PepsiCo generated approximately $63 billion in net revenue in 2016, driven by a complementary food and beverage portfolio that includes Frito-Lay, Gatorade, Pepsi-Cola, Quaker and Tropicana. PepsiCo's product portfolio includes a wide range of enjoyable foods and beverages, including 22 brands that generate more than $1 billion each in estimated annual retail sales. At the heart of PepsiCo is Performance with Purpose – our fundamental belief that the success of our company is inextricably linked to the sustainability of the world around. We believe that continuously improving the products we sell, operating responsibly to protect our planet and empowering people around the world is what enables PepsiCo to run a successful global company that creates long-term value for society and our shareholders. For more information, visit www.pepsico.com.   SOURCE PepsiCo CategoriesUncategorized TagsBeverages, Corporate Social Responsibility, Food & beverages, Non-Alcoholic Beverages, Retail, Supermarkets Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Brandon L. Taylor Recognized as a Professional of the Year by Strathmore’s Who’s Who Worldwide Publication Next PostNext UAB „INVL Asset Management“ 2017 m. gegužės 16 d. duomenys apie išleistus fondų investicinius vienetus Search Recent Posts AB Science announces that CHMP has adopted a negative opinion for masitinib in indolent systemic mastocytosis, primarily due to GCP inspection findings MassMutual Northern California Recognized as 2017 Bay Area Best Places To Work Mary Hart Is Seeing Stars Children’s Hospital Los Angeles Surgeon in Chief Henri R. Ford Receives Two Prestigious Honors Nathan Blain Joins Korn Ferry as Senior Client Partner and Global Leader for Talent Strategy and Work Design Solutions Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Advertise Donate! CONTACT US Subscribe to the Crime Report Subscriber Login My Subscriber Account Donate GO Donate Go About Us Our Mission Our Sponsors Our Team Write for The Crime Report CMCJ Programs Journalists’ Conferences John Jay Prizes/Awards Viewpoints TCR In Depth Stories from Our Network TCR Special Reports Research & Analysis Crime & Justice News Resources Domestic Violence Drugs Juvenile Justice Media and Crime Donate Navbar Categories List Advertise Donate! CONTACT US Subscribe to the Crime Report Subscriber Login My Subscriber Account The Crime Report - Your Complete Criminal Justice Resource The Crime Report (https://thecrimereport.org/2017/05/17/sex-trafficking-a-surprising-rescue-story/) About Us Our Mission Our Sponsors Our Team Write for The Crime Report CMCJ Programs Journalists’ Conferences John Jay Prizes/Awards Viewpoints TCR In Depth Stories from Our Network TCR Special Reports Research & Analysis Crime & Justice News Resources Domestic Violence Drugs Juvenile Justice Media and Crime Sex Trafficking: A Surprising Rescue Story By Kimberly Mehlman-Orozco | 16 hours ago LikeTweet EmailPrint More More on Newsletter Top Subscribe to Newsletter Top Cards created for She Dances, a non-profit at Eastern Illinois University whose mission is to provide healing and hope for girls who are victims of human trafficking. By evan courtney via Flickr Over the last few weeks, anti-trafficking advocates, partisan opponents and the media have been blasting politicians who accepted donations from the online classified advertisement site, Backpage.com. To a large segment of the American population, the website is nothing more than “the world’s top online brothel” and “the Walmart of sex trafficking.” However, this opinion does not facilitate the rescue of victims and prosecution of sex traffickers. In fact, Backpage.com not only actively cooperates with law enforcement, but is a critical tool for investigation. For example, on April 24th I identified a potential case of sex trafficking through online commercial sex advertisement and review forums. At the time, I was cross-referencing quotes from commercial sex consumers online for my forthcoming book, Hidden in Plain Sight: America’s Slaves of the New Millennium. The book—an effort to take readers behind the headlines of the human trafficking scourge in America—features direct quotes from convicted human traffickers, victims, sex workers, and commercial sex consumers (who refer to themselves as “mongers” or “hobbyists”). At approximately 9:30pm, I came across a Backpage.com advertisement for a young woman in the Winston-Salem area of North Carolina that read: “Hey baby I’m PANDORA come give me a call see what in my box and come on show me some love or what ever u like baby I even do massage too with nice touch to unwind from hard day work I rub u down with the magic touch come on down give PANDORA a call.” Prima facie, this young woman, who claimed to be 25, may have been perceived as a consenting sex worker. However, reviews about her—which were posted on USASexGuide.info, a commercial sex review forum—told a different story. “Even mongers, need to draw a line somewhere.” Men on the website provided information that suggested the young woman was being trafficked. On March 31, one man wrote: “This girl has a developmental disability and is being used by her mother. Even mongers, need to draw a line somewhere. It can be argued that her disability means she doesn’t really know what she is consenting to. This is not like a woman who has demons (that) she should have known better to avoid. This is someone who is fully being abused by a parent.” Upon seeing this review and the accompanying advertisement, I took a break from editing my book and immediately alerted the Winston-Salem and Thomasville police. Since the advertisement didn’t include a specific address, the police officers I spoke with weren’t sure which jurisdiction the case fell under. I was uncertain whether the information from the websites was reliable, but on the off-chance it was, I wanted to report it to the police. After notifying law enforcement, I took screenshots of the advertisements and reviews for evidence, and alerted Backpage.com administrators as well. Within minutes, the advertisements for this girl were removed from their website. Less than two hours later, by approximately 11:30pm, the police had conducted an undercover sting at a hotel and had the girl from the advertisements in custody. One of the officers confirmed  to me that the woman appeared to suffer from a developmental disability, but explained they needed to conduct further investigation to determine if and how she was being exploited. These websites are also the catalyst for rescues and investigations across the United States. The officers told me that they would try to connect the woman with social services and thanked me for bringing the information to their attention. This is why my anti-trafficking advocacy doesn’t conflict with my support of cooperative policing with websites like Backpage.com. Although people can use classified advertisement forums to publicize marginalized women and children who may be sex-trafficked, these websites are also the catalyst for rescues and investigations across the United States. They have been for years. The movement of the commercial sex industry off the streets and online brought the previously clandestine crime of sex trafficking into the open. However, although  Backpage.com ads initiate a large proportion of child sex-trafficking identifications and victim recoveries, the website continues to be publicly vilified through arrests and civil lawsuits, as well as by public shaming of supporters and politicians who receive donations from them. Criminalizing Backpage.com will not reduce the commercial sex industry. If anything, it will simply displace commercial sex advertisements from Backpage.com to other websites, such as CityVibe.com­–Your Local Escort Directory. It’s like playing a game of Whack-a-Mole. Instead of continuing to criminalize these websites and hold them liable for the actions of third parties, anti-trafficking advocates, law enforcement, and victim service providers should identify mechanisms to facilitate more information sharing and cooperation. Internet-based commercial sex advertisement and review websites are undeniably contributing to the knowledge base of researchers and law enforcement, and we should facilitate–not stymie–this information-sharing. In less than two hours, the aforementioned Backpage.com advertisement allowed me­—a Washington D.C. based criminologist—to initiate an investigation, which brought a potential victim into custody over 300 miles away. This is one out of hundreds of examples of how the website has been used as an effective tool. Kimberly Mehlman-Orozco America needs to start focusing our anti-trafficking efforts toward policies and interventions that have measurable impacts, instead of blaming scapegoats and avoiding hard decisions just to collect  cheap headlines. Kimberly Mehlman-Orozco holds a Ph.D. in Criminology, Law and Society from George Mason University, with an expertise in human trafficking. She currently serves as a human trafficking expert witness for criminal cases and her book, “Hidden in Plain Sight: America’s Slaves of the New Millennium,” will be published by Praeger/ABC-Clio this year. She welcomes comments from readers. TCR's WEEKLY Criminal Justice Newsletter is FREE! Subscribe Here Read Next Catching Child Sex Traffickers on the Internet As child sex traffickers increasingly turn to the Internet to facilitate their black market activities, law enforcement and advocates are following them into cyberspace. Researchers, policy makers and advocates gathered at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health in Baltimore yesterday to discuss innovations that could save victims of child sex trafficking. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website TCR AT A GLANCE U.S. Department of Justice Ex-FBI Chief Mueller to Lead Special Probe on Russia By Crime and Justice News | 9 hours ago The action by Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein was a concession by the Trump administration to Democratic demands for the investigation to be run independently of the Justice Department. Calls for a special counsel mounted after President Trump fired FBI Director James Comey. Sentencing Congressmen Try Again to Cut Mandatory Minimum Terms By Ted Gest | 16 hours ago Members of both parties reintroduce a "safety valve" law that would give federal judges the power to impose sentences below mandatory minimums, TCR's Washington bureau chief reports. Sex Crime MO Requiring Sex Offenders To Wear GPS for Life By Crime and Justice News | 16 hours ago It wasn't part of offenders' sentencing agreements, but Missouri legislators passed a law that anyone guilty of 13 specified sex crimes committed in the last decade must wear monitoring devices indefinitely. Several offenders are suing to challenge the law. FBI Comey Says Trump Asked Him to End Flynn Probe By Crime and Justice News | 18 hours ago “I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go,” the President told the then-FBI director, according to a memo James Comey wrote after the two met, the New York Times reports. The White House denied the account. FBI Did Trump Obstruct Justice in Flynn Case? By Crime and Justice News | 18 hours ago The facts in this case look and smell a lot like the federal offense of obstruction of justice, but impeachment may be the only remedy, says New York University law Prof. Ryan Goodman. Newsletter The Crime Report Subscriber Login Subscribe to The Crime Report DONATE! Our Team TCR’s 2016 Top Ten Stories and Newsmaker of the Year 2017 John Jay/HF Guggenheim Journalism Award Winners CNN’s Van Jones The Crime Report’s 2017 Justice Trailblazer More Crime & Justice News © Copyright 2017, The Crime Report Our Team Built with the Largo WordPress Theme from the Institute for Nonprofit News. Back to top ↑
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Noteworthy Tuesday Option Activity: UTX, WMT, CHRS Shutterstock photo Among the underlying components of the Russell 3000 index, we saw noteworthy options trading volume today in United Technologies Corp (Symbol: UTX), where a total of 15,756 contracts have traded so far, representing approximately 1.6 million underlying shares. That amounts to about 51% of UTX’s average daily trading volume over the past month of 3.1 million shares. Especially high volume was seen for the $115 strike call option expiring May 19, 2017 , with 4,056 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 405,600 underlying shares of UTX. Below is a chart showing UTX’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $115 strike highlighted in orange: Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (Symbol: WMT) saw options trading volume of 32,020 contracts, representing approximately 3.2 million underlying shares or approximately 47.3% of WMT’s average daily trading volume over the past month, of 6.8 million shares. Especially high volume was seen for the $72.50 strike put option expiring May 19, 2017 , with 4,420 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 442,000 underlying shares of WMT. Below is a chart showing WMT’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $72.50 strike highlighted in orange: And Coherus BioSciences Inc (Symbol: CHRS) options are showing a volume of 2,169 contracts thus far today. That number of contracts represents approximately 216,900 underlying shares, working out to a sizeable 46.9% of CHRS’s average daily trading volume over the past month, of 462,175 shares. Particularly high volume was seen for the $22.50 strike call option expiring May 19, 2017 , with 926 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 92,600 underlying shares of CHRS. Below is a chart showing CHRS’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $22.50 strike highlighted in orange: For the various different available expirations for UTX options , WMT options , or CHRS options , visit StockOptionsChannel.com. Today’s Most Active Call & Put Options of the S&P 500 » The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ChemSec – New ‘Dating Site’ for Safer Chemistry Next PostNext Viking Line Abp – Great Interest in Baltic Cruises and Boat Trips – This Summer’s Most Popular Departures are Starting to Sell out Posted on 17 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Noteworthy Tuesday Option Activity: UTX, WMT, CHRS Shutterstock photo Among the underlying components of the Russell 3000 index, we saw noteworthy options trading volume today in United Technologies Corp (Symbol: UTX), where a total of 15,756 contracts have traded so far, representing approximately 1.6 million underlying shares. That amounts to about 51% of UTX’s average daily trading volume over the past month of 3.1 million shares. Especially high volume was seen for the $115 strike call option expiring May 19, 2017 , with 4,056 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 405,600 underlying shares of UTX. Below is a chart showing UTX’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $115 strike highlighted in orange: Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (Symbol: WMT) saw options trading volume of 32,020 contracts, representing approximately 3.2 million underlying shares or approximately 47.3% of WMT’s average daily trading volume over the past month, of 6.8 million shares. Especially high volume was seen for the $72.50 strike put option expiring May 19, 2017 , with 4,420 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 442,000 underlying shares of WMT. Below is a chart showing WMT’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $72.50 strike highlighted in orange: And Coherus BioSciences Inc (Symbol: CHRS) options are showing a volume of 2,169 contracts thus far today. That number of contracts represents approximately 216,900 underlying shares, working out to a sizeable 46.9% of CHRS’s average daily trading volume over the past month, of 462,175 shares. Particularly high volume was seen for the $22.50 strike call option expiring May 19, 2017 , with 926 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 92,600 underlying shares of CHRS. Below is a chart showing CHRS’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $22.50 strike highlighted in orange: For the various different available expirations for UTX options , WMT options , or CHRS options , visit StockOptionsChannel.com. Today’s Most Active Call & Put Options of the S&P 500 » The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ChemSec – New ‘Dating Site’ for Safer Chemistry Next PostNext Viking Line Abp – Great Interest in Baltic Cruises and Boat Trips – This Summer’s Most Popular Departures are Starting to Sell out Search Recent Posts Eli Bless Is On SoundCloud With His Mesmerizing Music Form Netcom Learning Offers A Complimentary Interactive Webinar On -Microsoft Word Power Shortcuts and Tips (Part-1)- Dubai Smile Dental Group Is Celebrating Its 15th Anniversary StoneFly Expands its Veeam Backup and Disaster Recovery into Microsoft Azure Government Witness the flawless rapping of Arare Breed in SoundCloud Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman …by the Skin of the S&amp;P’s Teeth Shutterstock photo With the S&P surpassing 2400 yesterday by only a little more than two points, you wouldn’t think the index could afford to move lower on Tuesday and still stay above that mark. However, this market has a knack for lethargy, so it managed to retain the milestone by the slimmest of margins. The S&P was down only 0.07% in the session, or 1.65 points, to end at 2400.7. Similarly, the Dow was off by 0.01% to 20,979.8. The NASDAQ, though, kept its winning ways going with an advance of 0.33% to yet another new record of 6169.9. „I feel like I haven’t seen anything like this in my career, and it turns out I haven’t,” said Jeremy in Counterstrike . „Before today, during the past 15 trading days, the S&P 500 has moved w/in a range of 1.02%, the least volatile 15 days in history. WOW!” Though such an environment makes it difficult to trade, the editors are still finding opportunities. The Surprise Trader added two well-known large caps on Tuesday that are scheduled to report later this week. TAZR also added twice to help diversify the portfolio, while Stocks Under $10 picked up a stock as well. Meanwhile, Black Box Trader swapped out four names. See more below: Today’s Portfolio Highlights: Surprise Trader: There are still some big companies that have yet to report this earnings season…and Eric added two of them on Tuesday. One of the new buys was retailing giant Wal-Mart (WMT), which is enjoying an „incredible turnaround” from the slump of 2014-2015. It has beaten the Zacks Consensus Estimate for six straight quarters now, and has a positive Earnings ESP for its scheduled report on Thursday before the bell. The other buy was Deere & Company (DE), which has amassed an average surprise of 60% over the past four quarterly reports. This Zacks Rank #2 farm equipment giant hasn’t missed since November 2012 and has an Earnings ESP of 4.3% for its next report on Friday before the bell. Eric also likes that DE is part of a space in the top 6% of the Zacks Industry Rank. WMT and DE each received allocations of 12.5%. The full write-up has a lot more. TAZR Trader: The portfolio added some diversification on Tuesday with 7% allocations in Edwards Lifesciences (EW) and MasTech (MTZ). EW has finally made it to Goldman’s „Conviction Buy” list and may NEVER go below $110 again. Meanwhile, MTZ is a construction services company that has already been a winner for TAZR , but the editor sees even more opportunity and value in the low $40s. Learn a lot more about these new buys in the full write-up. Zacks Short List: There were four swaps this week. The stocks that were short-covered and left the portfolio are: • GoDaddy (GDDY) • Newmont Mining (NEM) • Level 3 Communications (LVLT) and • Snyders-Lance (LNCE) The new buys that replaced these names are: • IAC/InterActiveCorp (IAC) • Live Nation Entertainment (LYV) • Occidental Petroleum (OXY) and • Zillow Group (Z) Learn more about this emotion-free portfolio that takes advantage of falling and volatile markets by reading the Short List Trader Guide. Stocks Under $10: Guidance Software (GUID), a leader in digital investigative solutions, has beaten the Zacks Consensus Estimate eight times in the last nine quarters. But what Brian Bolan really appreciated was that quarterly earnings estimates have been trending to the positive for several months. The same has been true for 2017 and 2018 expectations. Now, GUID is expected to generate earnings growth of 118% this year and 57% next. Learn a lot more about this new buy in the full write-up. Reitmeister Trading Alert:„After the Housing Starts and Industrial Production reports Tuesday the Atlanta Fed calculated that Q2 GDP is looking like +4.1%. Yes, I know that seems a bit too robust which is why I then checked the Blue Chip Economists panel where they are expecting still impressive +3.1% growth. „Either way, it appears that GDP is taking a big leap forward from the tame +0.7% pace for Q1. Thus, there is little wonder why stocks closed above 2400 for the second straight day. This increases the odds that a breakout is under way with more stock gains soon to roll in. „Investors should grab the reigns of this bull and ride it to new heights.” — Steve Reitmeister Have a Great Evening, Jim Giaquinto Recommendations from Zacks’ Private Portfolios: Believe it or not, this article is not available on the Zacks.com website. The commentary is a partial overview of the daily activity from Zacks’ private recommendation services. If you would like to follow our Buy and Sell signals in real time, we’ve made a special arrangement for readers of this website. Starting today you can see all the recommendations from all of Zacks’ portfolios absolutely free for 7 days. Our services cover everything from value stocks and momentum trades to insider buying and positive earnings surprises (which we’ve predicted with an astonishing 80%+ accuracy). Click here to „test drive” Zacks Ultimate for FREE >> Zacks Investment Research The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Cancer/Tumor Profiling Market Worth $78.69 billion by 2022 – Orbis Research Next PostNext Water-based Personal Lubricant Market 2017: Top Companies, Trends and Growth Factors Details for Business Development Search Recent Posts Sean Moore Setting Fire with Best Pop Instrumental -Bad Apple- General Electric Company: GE Files Form 8-A Erin McGivern of Kensington Recognized as One of CRN’s 2017 Women of the Channel Pharmalink AB Announces the Appointment of a New Chief Executive Officer Markel plans to establish German insurance company in Munich to support EU-27 growth strategy Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
News UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News John Lewis' 'Never Knowingly Undersold' policy criticised as it fails to drop prices The slogan has been a cornerstone of the department store’s marketing campaign since 1925 and guarantees that it will refund British shoppers the difference if they can find the same product for less elsewhere Zlata Rodionova Wednesday 17 May 2017 09:42 BST Click to follow An investigation has shown that the retailer did not cut the advertised prices of 15 out of 16 products Reuters John Lewis’ long-standing  “Never knowingly undersold” promise has come under fire after an investigation showed the retailer was selling certain products at a higher price than available elsewhere. The slogan has been a cornerstone of the department store’s marketing campaign since 1925 and guarantees that it will refund British shoppers the difference if they can find the same product for less elsewhere. On its website John Lewis says: “Our dedicated price-monitoring team proactively check the prices of branded products at our high street competitors every day, including online and during sales. If we find that they are selling the same individual product, sold with the same service conditions, at a lower price, we’ll meet that price in our shops and at johnlewis.com. So we don’t expect you to find a lower price elsewhere. But if you do, you can easily make a price match request.” Read more John Lewis sets aside £36m after breaching national minimum wage rules Now, an investigation by consumer website MoneySavingExpert.com has shown that the retailer did not cut the advertised prices of 15 out of 16 products even after it was informed that those products were being sold more cheaply by other retailers, including Tesco and Toys R Us. To test the policy, MoneySavingExpert.com purchased a range of different products - all of which were sold for lower prices elsewhere - over two consecutive days in March, from John Lewis stores and its website. Following buying the goods, money experts monitored the price of 16 items the retailer had agreed to issue price match refunds for - therefore accepting its price had been undercut.  Read more High street stores launch scheme to help careers of part-time workers Princess Charlotte's John Lewis jumper from birthday photo sells out John Lewis cuts bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits John Lewis is cutting nearly 400 jobs But after seven days John Lewis had only dropped the price of one of the items. Martin Lewis, founder of MoneySavingExpert.com, said the research shows John Lewis is not always the “champion of price” it wants customers to think it is. “The failure was not limited to a few items, which could have been put down to just having a bad day - it was well over 90 per cent of them. Some of these are due to its processes simply not working, others due to its 'eight mile' policy - that effectively says it'll give individuals who ask a refund, but keep the price higher, and only reduce it for others who ask,” Mr Lewis said. “If John Lewis wants to tout its 'Never Knowingly Undersold' catchphrase, it should put up or shut up, or it risks losing its great reputation,” he added. The world’s most valuable brands 10 show all The world’s most valuable brands 1/10 1st - Google Google replaced Apple as the world’s most valuable brand, with a brand value of $109.5bn, according to Brand Finance 2/10 2nd - Apple Apple’s brand value declined from $145.9bn to $107.1bn in 2016 3/10 3rd - Amazon Amazon's brand value rose from $69.6bn to $106.4bn in 2016 Amazon 4/10 4th - At&t Of the 40 telecoms brands in the ranking, AT&T in 2016 overtook Verizon as the most valuable brand rising to $87bn from $59.9bn the year before 5/10 5th - Microsoft Microsoft's brand value rose marginally from $67.3bn to $76.3bn in 2016 6/10 6th - Samsung Amazon's brand value rose from $58.6bn to $66.2bn 7/10 7th - Verizon Verizon's brand value inched up from $63.1bn to $65.9bn 8/10 8th - Walmart Walmart's brand value rose from $53.6bn to $62.5bn 9/10 9th - Facebook Facebook's brand value increased sharply from $34bn to just shy of $62bn 10/10 10th - ICBC ICBC saw its brand value rise to $47.8bn from $36.3bn. It was the most valuabe financial brand in the world in 2016 replacing Wells Fargo A spokesperson for John Lewis told The Independent: "Never Knowingly Undersold is at the heart of everything we do and we are disappointed that MSE focused on a small number of specific examples rather than the millions of prices that we lower each year. We will look at the detail of their report to see where we can make improvements for our customers in either our processes or communications on the website. "John Lewis is the only department store with a comprehensive price promise. Never Knowingly Undersold means that we proactively check the prices of tens of thousands of products everyday so our customers can be confident of getting the best possible price on the high street. If a customer has found an identical product, sold with the same conditions, we would match the price. We have a dedicated price-monitoring team who proactively check the prices of tens of thousands of branded products at our high street competitors every day, including products on their websites." More about: John Lewis MoneySavingExpert.com Martin Lewis Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
ON NEWSSTANDS 108 Mar/Apr 2017 The Sex Issue Music Style Culture Video share tweet Feed All Posts Featured Posts Trending Posts Magazine Events Shop Twitter facebook youtube instagram tumblr US US UK US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition Follow the Fader Press Enter to Search Music Style Culture Video Magazine Events Shop US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition music / News Travis Scott Says His Album With Quavo Is “Coming Soon,” Hints At Surprise Drop “You know how I do it though: I like surprises.” By Ben Dandridge-Lemco H U N C H O 🌵J A C K A post shared by QuavoHuncho (@quavohuncho) on May 11, 2017 at 4:09pm PDT Travis Scott was recently taken into custody for allegedly "inciting a riot" during his May 11 show at the Walmart Arkansas Pavilion. After his quick release, the Houston rapper spoke to GQ about his high-energy tour and his highly anticipated collaborative project with Quavo. Travis Scott announced the album by sharing two previews of unreleased songs — "Rerun" and Lo-Fi" — on Zane Lowe's Beats 1 show in April. "The Quavo album is coming soon," he told GQ. "I'm dropping new music soon. You know how I do it though: I like surprises." When asked if the project had a name, he replied, "We're all about surprises." On Monday night, Travis Scott shared three new songs on SoundCloud, including a collaboration with Playboi Carti. He previously hinted that his third studio album <i>Astroworld would arrive at some point in 2017. May 16, 2017 Hip-Hop, Travis Scott Read full story Sign up for The FADER's daily newsletter. Trending music / News Eminem “Tested” Kendrick Lamar To See If He Had A Ghostwriter music / Video Cardi B And Offset Stunt Together In The New Video For “Lick” music / News Chris Rock Said Asking André 3000 For New Music Is Like “Telling Amber Rose About Her Curves” style / News Romper Memes Are Making The Internet A Better Place music / News Travis Scott Broke A Record By Performing “Goosebumps” 14 Times In A Row music / News Travis Scott Says His Album With Quavo Is “Coming Soon,” Hints At Surprise Drop Contact Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Fader Label Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube Tumblr Instagram Apple Music Soundcloud Spotify RSS Magazine 108 Mar/Apr 2017 The Sex Issue Subscribe Sign up for The FADER's daily newsletter. ©2017 The Fader, Inc. All rights reserved. Site By Wondersauce
The Hollywood Reporter Movies TV Business Style Politics Tech Culture Awards Video Subscribe Newsletters Pilots Guide Premieres Renewal Scorecard This Is Us Grey's Empire Walking Dead Game of Thrones May 16, 2017 6:46pm PT by Hilary Lewis Tracy Morgan on Joking About Accident, "Authentic" Intro for Stand-Up Special Cara Howe/Netflix The comedian's latest, 'Staying Alive,' is streaming on Netflix. Tracy Morgan's Netflix special Staying Alive, now streaming, is just the latest step in the comedian's high-profile return to the spotlight after his near fatal car accident in 2014. The accident, in which a Walmart truck slammed into the back of a limo-van carrying Morgan and two others, features prominently in the hourlong program. Morgan kicks off his set with multiple jokes about surviving the crash that left him seriously injured, his recovery and his lucrative settlement. Later, he pays tribute to his friend, comedian James "Jimmy Mack" McNair, who died in the accident. Staying Alive is not only a reference to Morgan's survival, but that title also allows him to do a Saturday Night Fever-inspired opening soundtracked by the Bee Gees song of the same name. Morgan is the latest high-profile comic to do a special for Netflix, joining Amy Schumer, Dave Chappelle, Jerry Seinfeld, Chris Rock and Louis C.K. in partnering with the streaming service. Morgan spoke to The Hollywood Reporter about joining Netflix's roster of comedic talent, joking about his accident and making the special's opening "authentic." Why did you want to do a special for Netflix as opposed to another channel or platform? Netflix was on its way to becoming the juggernaut that it is. If you see the stable of people [who are doing specials for Netflix], I just thought that I would be in good company. Dave Chappelle, [Amy] Schumer, [Chris] Rock, Louis C.K. All of these people. And they're all great stand-ups and I wanted to be a part of that. When I was clear enough to do a special, Netflix was my first choice. I wanted to tell my story on Netflix. There's a fair amount of material about your accident and the settlement. What made you feel comfortable enough to joke about that? Because I forgave myself and I allowed myself to go there. I forgave the driver, and I was able to move forward. So it wasn't painful, it was funny. It turned into funny. Everything painful in my life that ever happened to me, all of the mistakes I made, I forgave myself. So I'm able to do that. Once you forgive yourself you're able to laugh it off. Once you forgive yourself! Because we're only human. Are there any parts of the crash that you wouldn't want to joke about because they're too painful? Jimmy Mack's death. It wasn't anything that happened to me. All of those other folks in there, I didn't think that anything that happened to them was funny. I just joked about me. There is a reference to Jimmy Mack toward the end of the special. In heaven. Yes. Why did you want to pay tribute to him that way? Because I know that's where he's at, and I will see him again and when I see him again he's going to be laughing. He'll go, "Tracy, that was some funny shit that you said!" Because I know Jimmy Mack! Talk to me about filming the Saturday Night Fever-inspired opening sequence. People love that song. People love that movie. It was a hit! I thought it was an appropriate thing to say, "staying alive," because that's what I'm doing, through my special, through my work. Me and you here doing the interview. That's staying alive. You know how many stand-ups would have just folded? You know how many people would have just folded like a cheap suit? Now I'm staying alive in the game, doing stand-up. Staying alive, baby. You really went for it in terms of re-creating the opening. Was that fun? That was great. I just thought it was great. All of the people involved, everyone that had a hand in it, I'd like to thank them. I just thought it was an appropriate thing to do. We went back to the same street, and it was the same pizza shop. Authenticity means a lot to me, and I wanted to make it authentic. It just sparked nostalgia. You remember where you were in life. You remember your age, all of that, when that movie came out. I hope a bunch of people pull out some cocaine, start sniffing. (Laughs.) Because that was it. That was the disco era. Why did you film the special at the Count Basie Theatre in Red Bank, N.J.? We had a number of theaters that I was shown. Red Bank is local. I live in Jersey, and I just loved the way the theater looked. And I remember a long time ago Chris Rock telling me, when a theater's beautiful, you're going to perform that way. I just thought that was a beautiful place to perform, so I put it down there. Netflix Hilary Lewis THRnews@thr.com hilarylewis Comments comments powered by Disqus TV Scorecards Broadcast TV Scorecard 2017: Complete Guide to What's New, Renewed and Canceled TV Premiere Dates 2017: The Complete Guide TV Pilots 2017: The Complete Guide to What Lives, Dies and Still Has a Pulse The Hollywood Reporter © 2017 The Hollywood Reporter All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Sitemap | About Our Ads About Us Login Daily Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Back Issues Advertising Contact Us Careers Industry Jobs Follow Us On Twitter Find Us On Facebook Watch Us On Youtube Our affiliate publications Billboard Vibe Spin Stereogum Death and Taxes
Current Weather 68.0° Mostly Cloudy and Breezy Forecast Subscriber Services Sections News News Home Local State Nation and World Community Lifestyle eEdition Sports Sports Home Preps Professional Bears Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest College Records Obituaries Births Police/Fire Birthdays Corrections Opinion Opinion Home Cartoons Editorials Letters Columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Home Books Deals Eat/Drink Events Movies Music Sauk Scene Technology Television The List Travel Share Submit an Event Contact Us About Us Advertise Deals Business Showcase Contact Contests Coupons e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Forms Get Newsletter Photos Planit Sauk Valley Public Notices Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads txtAlerts Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Video Weather More Pro Football Weekly Video News Video Live Video Cars815.com Public Notices Planit Events Calendar Local Deals Submit Your Event Market Place Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified Digital Access Access saukvalley.com from all your digital devices and receive breaking news and updates from around the area. Sign InSubscribe Home Delivery Local news, prep sports, Chicago sports, local and regional entertainment, business, home and lifestyle, food, classified and more! News you use every day! Daily, Daily including the e-Edition or e-Edition only. Subscribe Text Alerts Choose your news! Select the text alerts you want to receive: breaking news, prep sports scores, school closings, weather, and more. Text alerts are a free service from SaukValley.com, but text rates may apply. Sign Up Email Newsletters We'll deliver news & updates to your inbox. Sign up for free e-newsletters today. Sign Up Online Newspaper SectionsSubscribe Local Business Feds and big retailers: Canned tuna companies colluded to fix prices By MARTHA MENDOZA Associated PressMay 17, 2017 BANGKOK (AP) – Executives of the most popular tuna brands in the U.S. – Chicken of the Sea, Bumble Bee and StarKist – conspired regularly to keep prices high for consumers with a taste for one of America’s favorite sandwich ingredients, according to criminal and civil court records updated this week. A typical can of tuna today costs about $1.50 and the U.S. Department of Justice says that price may be the result of price fixing by Thai, South Korean and U.S. seafood dealers, while major retailers are suing alleging they’ve been ripped off. The U.S. government began investigating criminal price fixing between the three companies more than 2 years ago. Together the companies supply about 80 percent of the $1.7 billion of canned tuna sold annually in the United States, according to the court records. Following up, Walmart and other top retailers filed civil lawsuits. Those cases were updated this week with an appendix first reported by Undercurrent News that singles out dozens of tuna executives, roping in some of the wealthiest businessmen in Thailand, where Chicken of the Sea’s parent company, Thai Union, is based. “Thai Union does not comment on ongoing legal matters,” the company said in a statement. The other firms did not respond immediately for requests for comment. The litigation describes regular telephone calls and meetings where “executives agreed that all three companies would collective raise prices.” They also agreed to “limit promotions and packaged tuna that undercut their published pricing,” according to court records. Thai Union’s president and CEO Thiraphong Chansiri, his father Kraisorn Chansiri and dozens of other Thai and American executives are now identified specifically in the ongoing case. Thai Union owns Chicken of the Sea, Red Lobster and U.S. Pet Nutrition, among other companies. In-Gu Park, acting president of South Korea-based Dongwon Enterprise, which owns StarKist, and Chris Lischewski, president and CEO of San Diego-based Bumble Bee also were named in the court records. Although fewer Americans eat tuna every year, it’s still a mainstay in most kitchens and the country’s favorite type of fish. Canned tuna was popularized during World War I, when it was a convenient protein for troops who returned home and continued to ask for it. Last week in the criminal case in San Francisco, Bumble Bee Foods said it would plead guilty to a felony charge of conspiring to fix the prices of canned and pouched tuna, and pay a $25 million fine. The announcement came after two Bumble Bee executives, senior vice-presidents Ken Worsham and Walter Scott Cameron, also pleaded guilty. They agreed to cooperate with authorities in the ongoing investigation, and face jail time and fines. Related Links Feds and big retailers: Canned tuna companies colluded to fix prices 2 branches of the same Tronc: Trib owner seeks to buy Chicago Sun-Times Area food bank to receive items from Walmart drive Lyndon bar has the Bear necessities Morton Buildings becomes employee owned, plans expansion Tweets from https://twitter.com/saukvalley/lists/svm-news-sports-staff Reader Poll Donald Trump has been president for about 100 days. How would you rate his performance so far? Excellent Good Average Fair Poor Vote!Show results AboutContactSubscribe Privacy PolicyEditorial Principles Today's AdsCareersCopyright © 2017 SaukValley.com. All rights reserved. Published in Sterling, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. FacebookTwitterCommentsEmailPrintMore Google+RedditPinterestTumblr
Login Profile Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Mobile Tablet Links: Bee Home Page WNY Events Classifieds Subscriber Services Advertiser Index Real Estate Weekly Feature  Print Edition  Classifieds  Poll Would you consider a rain barrel for water usage? Yes No News Front Page Local News Editorials Letters to the Editor Police Blotter Bee Heard Sports Lifestyles What's Going On Entertainment Business Legal Notices Links Bee Home Page Contact Info Local Weather WNY Events Services Advertiser Index News Archive Copyright© 2005-2017 Bee Publications Inc. All Rights Reserved Newspaper web site content management software and services 2017-05-17 / Local News Tweet Print Senior News The Clarence Senior Center is located at 4600 Thompson Road. Contact the center at 633-5138 to sign up for activities. When registering for free activities and programs, you can call the office or email your name, phone number and desired event(s) to signup@clarenceseniorcenter.org. Additional information is available at clarenceseniorcenter.org. “The mission of Clarence Senior Citizens Inc. is to provide social, recreational, educational and nutritional programs, as well as opportunities for volunteerism, to persons in the community who are age 55 and older.” Transportation The center has a 14-passenger bus available to provide transportation to members between their homes and the center. The bus, which is owned by the Town of Clarence, also takes members shopping to Tops, Wegmans, Target, Wal-Mart, Dash’s and Eastern Hills Mall on a rotating basis Call the office at 633-5138 for more information or to make arrangements for pickup. Every week Monday: So-sew, 9:30 a.m.; woodworking, 9:30 a.m.; tap dancing, 10:15 a.m.; jazz dancing, 11:30 a.m.; billiards, noon; poker, 1 p.m.; euchre, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Men’s bridge, 9 a.m.; women’s bridge, 9:15 a.m.; Scrabble, 10 a.m.; Eat, Live, Be Wellness Group, 10 a.m.; blood pressure screening, 10 a.m. to noon; resistance exercise, 11:30 a.m.; billiards, noon; intermediate bridge, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Euchre, 9 a.m.; beginner line dance, 9 a.m.; So-sew, 9:30 a.m.; ceramics, 9:30 a.m.; woodworking, 9:30 a.m.; line dance, 9:30 a.m.; computer support, 10 a.m. to noon; arthritis exercise, 11:15 a.m.; billiards, noon; bridge, 12:30 p.m.; watercolor painting, 1 p.m.; canasta, 1 p.m. Wednesday Evening: Billiards, 6:30 p.m.; pinochle, 6:30 p.m.; woodworking, 6:30 p.m. Thursday: Zumba, 9 a.m.; beginner bridge, 10 a.m.; tai chi, 11 a.m.; billiards, noon; duplicate bridge, 12:30 p.m.; poker, 1 p.m.; bingo, 1:15 p.m; shuffleboard, 1:15 p.m. Friday: Intermediate bridge, 9 a.m.; Stretch & Tone, 9 a.m.; Rummikub, 9:30 a.m.; Senior Outreach, 9:30 to 11 a.m.; computer support, 10 to 11:30 a.m.; resistance exercise, 11:30 a.m.; billiards, noon; pinochle, 1 p.m.; poker, 1 p.m.; dominoes, 1 p.m. Lunch at the Center Lunch is served daily at 12:30 p.m. for a suggested donation of $3 for those 60 years and older. Lunch is $5 for guests younger than 60. Menus featuring daily selections are available at the center. Calendar of Events Movie: ‘Manchester By The Sea’ 1:15 p.m. and 6:30 p.m. Wednesday, May 17 — After the death of his older brother, Joe, Lee is shocked to learn that Joe has made him sole guardian of his nephew, Patrick. Taking leave of his job, Lee reluctantly returns to Manchester by-the-Sea to care for Patrick, a spirited 16-year-old, and is forced to deal with a past that separated him from his wife and the community where he was born and raised. University Express: ‘The Scarlet Letter’ 1:30 p.m. Thursday, May 18 — “The Scarlet Letter,” written in 1850 by Nathaniel Hawthorne, tells the story of one sin’s effect on four people and highlights themes of romance, bigotry, selfishness and redemption. While reading, we will discover lessons that can be easily applied to our lives today. The instructor will be Jim Banko, a retired high school English teacher of the Buffalo Public Schools. Travel News Seneca Niagara Casino Depart at 11 a.m., return 6 p.m. Tuesday, May 23 — The price for the trip is $16. Passengers will receive $25 slot dollars and a $5 food voucher. Cash/checks should be payable to Clarence Senior Center. Return to top Browse Archives Clarence Special Events 2017 Click for schedule
Skip to main content Home Subscription Obits Jobs Homes Buy & Sell E-Edition Spotted Jail mugs Best of Topeka Heartland Park MENU Search form SearchSearch Login / Register Home Heartland Park Topeka Best of Topeka 2017 E-Edition Obituaries News News All headlines Jail bookings Local State government Crime & Courts Good News Business Education Local Government Elections 2016 Calendar of Events Weather Featured Residents take stock after night of tornadoes in Kansas, other central U.S. states Ruling by federal judge in Kansas: Government destroyed ‘critical evidence’ Sports Sports All headlines HawkZone CatZone PrepZone KC Chiefs Royals WashburnZone Outdoors Bowling PuckZone Rec Calendar Hy-Vee Hoopla Bracket Challenge Featured Fernandes scores 3 goals, Sporting KC beats Sounders 3-0 Class 6A baseball: Defensive lapse costs Washburn Rural in regional loss to Lawrence Lifestyle Life At Home Food & Drink Religion Arts & Entertainment Connected Celebrations Place an Announcement Northeast Kansas Weddings TV Listings Featured Flint Hills Festival to take place Saturday in Manhattan; more than 3,000 people expected To make heavenly banana bread, make it with vegetable oil Opinion Opinion All headlines Blogs Featured Editorial: Repeal the 2012 Kansas tax cuts Jim Ward: Democrats putting Kansas back on track Connect With Us Newspapers in Education Email alerts Text alerts Apps C-J staff tweets C-J Instagram C-J Pinterest C-J Facebook Facebook alerts Photo & Video Local Video National Video C-J YouTube Slideshows Spotted Jobs Topeka Jobs Post a Job Post a resume Contact Us Homes Buy & Sell Classifieds Home Local Business Directory Garage Sales Residences for Rent Estate Tag/Flea Markets Properties Apartments, unfurnished Automobiles Items for Sale Legals C-J Deals Circulars Data Databases Home Homicides in Topeka and Shawnee County since 2000 2016 Retirement Facilities Daily Record Marriage Licenses Divorces Court Dispositions Court Filings Find Cheap Gas Special Topics Best of Topeka Downtown Topeka Retirement Twist of Fate Volunteer Topeka Top 100 Athletes Crossroads of Freedom Subscriptions Subscribe Subscriber Services Payments Delivery Problems Vacation Hold Rewards Local Store Sales Autos Help Contact Us C-J Staff Media Kit Newsletter - Select -At Home LivingCJ Media Monthly MinuteCJDealsCJOnline Breaking NewsCJOnline Evening HeadlinesCJOnline Morning HeadlinesCJOnline Sports HeadlinesContests & Special Promotionsjobs.cjonline.com Subscribe Posted May 16, 2017 09:31 pm By Luke Ranker luke.ranker@cjonline.com Transcript from Jacob Ewing case highlights close ties in Holton Jacob C. Ewing was acquitted of aggravated indecent liberties and aggravated criminal sodomy with a child younger than 14 years old in April. The prosecutor in the case questioned whether a juror whose husband posted comments about the case should be allowed to remain in the jury pool. The judge allowed the juror to stay. (Illustration/The Capital-Journal) After the husband of a juror in the first trial of Jacob C. Ewing, a Holton man accused of multiple sex crimes, called the case “a witch hunt” on social media, the prosecution questioned her ability to remain unbiased during the case, according to transcripts released Tuesday.   The woman ultimately was allowed to remain on the panel, which acquitted Ewing in April of aggravated indecent liberties and aggravated criminal sodomy with a child younger than 14 years old. But the exchange captured in the transcript of the closed-door hearing and obtained by The Topeka Capital-Journal highlighted concerns from special prosecutor Jacqie Spradling about the tight-knit nature of the small town in Jackson County. See Also When questioned, the juror admitted she didn’t want to be on the panel for fear of running into parties involved in the case. “Because it’s just a high-profile case and, regardless of which way it goes, who wants to go to Walmart and run into, you know, the victims’ advocates or, opposite end, the defendant’s family?” the transcript quotes her as saying. “You know, it’s just not something that’s going to be comfortable.” Ewing, 22, of Holton, also faces five counts of rape, one count of attempted rape, two counts of aggravated sexual battery and six counts of aggravated criminal sodomy. Trials are scheduled in June, August and October. Last week, he was charged with 13 felony counts of sexual exploitation of child-related viewing or possessing child pornography. The transcript details a closed-door hearing April 20 in District Judge Norbert Marek’s chambers before the jury deliberated in the case involving the underage girl. The Capital-Journal requested the transcript April 21, and Marek allowed release to the public after denying a motion from defense attorney Kathleen Ambrosio to seal the record on May 5. It was released Tuesday. At issue for the court and attorneys during a conference were posts from the juror’s husband on a Facebook page dedicated to Holton. In the posts, made shortly after the jury was dismissed April 18, he questioned the age of the alleged victim, who was 13 at the time of the incident in 2014. He also described the trial as a “witch hunt,” according to the transcript. Spradling and Ambrosio questioned the juror about whether she disclosed information about the case with her husband or the public. Jurors are barred from discussing ongoing cases outside of deliberation, and both attorneys were concerned about the couple’s relationship. The woman denied communicating with her husband about the case and said his feelings about Ewing’s guilt or innocence wouldn’t affect her decision. “I’m very independent and a very independent thinker, and he doesn’t — something like this, he doesn’t influence my thinking,” the juror said. “It’s not like we’re deciding whether to have turkey or ham for Thanksgiving, you know. It’s a very serious, serious matter.” Spradling was also concerned with the possibility the juror’s husband had a relationship with Ewing’s family. The juror’s husband had lived in Holton for most of his life and knew “everyone from the community, for the most part,” but the juror didn’t believe he regularly associated with Ewing’s family. Marek cautioned the woman about her husband’s posts drawing undue attention to jurors while the trial was underway. “This isn’t an order — he needs to keep his yap shut,” he said. The juror expressed disapproval of her husband’s posts. “I apologize for my husband,” she said. The woman’s statements convinced Ambrosio the juror could remain objective, she told the judge, who agreed. “He said it was a witch hunt. That’s his opinion,” she said. “That doesn’t mean it’s her opinion, it doesn’t mean it was conveyed to her, doesn’t mean that they discussed it.” Spradling, however, requested a replacement juror. She argued the woman’s reluctance to serve, including avoiding public places, was enough to preclude her from deliberating the case. “(The juror) told us is that, either way the verdict went, she would hang her head low if she had to go to Walmart. She also indicated that, unfortunately, she has had to acknowledge that she’s on the jury,” she said. “This is a person who, through no fault of her own, I’m sure, has been put in a situation where I cannot see that she would be fair to both sides.” Contact reporter Luke Ranker at (785) 295-1270 or @lrankerNEWS on Twitter. Like him on Facebook at facebook.com/lukeranker. Advertisement Most Popular Sports Wed, 05/17/2017 - 23:22 Torrey Head tapped to take over Hayden boys basketball program News Wed, 05/17/2017 - 18:27 Affidavit: Topeka homicide defendant set time victim was to come to house News Wed, 05/17/2017 - 17:32 Business co-owner Aaron Mays announces run for District 7 Topeka City Council seat News Wed, 05/17/2017 - 23:22 Kansas Democratic leaders offer alternative school aid plan   View all Local Store Sales » Advertisement More Wed, 05/17/2017 - 21:12 Residents take stock after night of tornadoes in Kansas, other central U.S. states Wed, 05/17/2017 - 21:00 Key dates in the case of WikiLeaks source Chelsea Manning Wed, 05/17/2017 - 20:48 Births in Topeka and the area — update for May 17, 2017 St. Francis Read more Wed, 05/17/2017 - 20:49 Pets taken to Helping Hands Humane Society — update for May 17, 2017 The following animals have been brought to the Helping Hands Humane Society, 5720 S.W. 21st. The telephone number is 233-7325. Read more Load more Around the Web   Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice Contact Us The Topeka Capital-Journal © 2017. All Rights Reserved. X
GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 73° Low 68° High 86° Fayetteville 68° Low 64° High 81° Bentonville 68° Low 65° High 81° See complete forecast Rapper Travis Scott Arrested After Concert At Walmart AMP Posted 2:29 pm, May 14, 2017, by Jordan Tidwell, Updated at 03:00PM, May 14, 2017 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Courtesy: Getty Images × Rapper Travis Scott Arrested After Concert At Walmart AMP Courtesy: Getty Images BENTON COUNTY (KFSM) — Travis Scott was arrested on Saturday night (May 13) after his concert at the Walmart AMP, a jailer with the Benton County Detention Center said. Scott was booked in the jail at 11:14 p.m. and released at 11:26 p.m. Scott encouraged people to rush the stage and bypass the security protocols to ensure safety, Keith Foster with the Rogers Police Department said. Foster said several people were injured during the rush, including an employee from the security company hired to help monitor and control the crowd and a member of the police department. They were treated at the AMP by members of the Rogers Fire Department and Mercy Medical. He is facing charges of endangering a minor, disorderly conduct and inciting a riot. Scott is a rapper, recording artist and producer. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. 4 comments objectivefodder Didn’t the Beatles have trouble with this 50 years ago? Let the artists perform. The man did nothing but engage the audience. May 14, 2017 at 7:46 pm Reply Report comment Killian Place Check your calendar. It’s not 50 years ago. Behavior today is far different today. Many police only carried ‘billy clubs’ today they have Glocks. He encouraged bypassing security protocols in place. People were injured he is responsible. May 16, 2017 at 9:54 pm Reply Report comment Randy Ingle Just proves the mentality of people who go to rap concerts that they would upon encouragement rush the stage in a state of irresponsibility. May 15, 2017 at 4:15 pm Reply Report comment JSR (@Dematrix4) Trash incites Trash May 17, 2017 at 10:11 am Reply Report comment High Five See the positive news of the day! Popular 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Yearbook Photos Spark Controversy In Charleston, District Leaves Statement Sparks Hospital Fires Surgeon After Child Sex Abuse Charges In California Greenwood Football Coach In Critical Condition After Developing Extremely Rare Skin Condition Rapper Travis Scott Arrested After Concert At Walmart AMP Latest News 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Siloam Springs Soccer Coach Finds Double The Success Homeowners Speak Out After Fayetteville City Council OK’s Rezoning On Crossover Tulsa Cop Not Guilty In Fatal Shooting Of Unarmed Black Man Garrett’s Blog: Storms Thursday Night News Police Identify Driver, Pedestrians In Deadly Accident In Rogers Walmart Parking Lot News Fayetteville Man Arrested For Indecent Exposure News 911 Phone Lines To Rogers Police, Fire & EMS Fixed After Going Down News Springdale Police Arrest Suspect In Arvest Bank Robbery News Waldron Woman Dead, Rogers Man Injured In Scott County Collision Crimestoppers News Escaped Inmate Recaptured In Sequoyah County News Rogers Couple Facing Charges After Found With Stolen Vehicles News Problem With Rogers 911 System Fixed News Blink-182 Added To Walmart AMP Lineup News Boston Coming To Walmart AMP News Lowell Man Arrested Following Standoff In Little Flock, Two Injured In Shooting News Crawford County Man Arrested After Child Porn Investigation News Former DHS Employee Faces Sexual Assault Charge Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
× Like what you're reading? Never miss a thing with the HuffPost Canada Daily Brief newsletter! Newsletter may include personalized content. Learn more. View mobile site Edition: ca Show/Hide عربي (Arabic) AR Australia AU Brasil BR Canada CA Deutschland DE España ES France FR Ελλάδα (Greece) GR India IN Italia IT 日本 (Japan) JP 한국 (Korea) KR Maghreb MG México MX South Africa ZA United Kingdom UK United States US Region: ALL Show/Hide All Canada Alberta British Columbia Québec (en français) Follow Newsletters Get CanadaNewsletters Email address Enter Email Address iOS app Android app More Desktop Alerts $USERNAME Desktop Notifications Profile Settings Logout FRONT PAGE Politics Impeachment: A Forbidden Word Begins To Make Rounds In Washington 0 Vladimir Putin Offers To Turn Over Records Of Donald Trump's Meeting With Diplomats 0 MMIW Inquiry: Carolyn Bennett Shares Concerns Of Families About Delays 6 Go to Politics More in Politics Althia Raj Bill C-51 Salute Politics Videos You Might Also Like US Politics UK Politics Business Trump Impeachment Odds Spike As Markets Panic 0 Here Are The Most Trusted Brands In Canada 2017 1 Canada's Housing Market Has 30% Chance Of Busting Out: Goldman Sachs 0 Go to Business More in Business Working Poor Joint Venture Sunny Freeman Business Videos You Might Also Like Tech TechCrunch WorldPost Emmanuel Macron And Marine Le Pen Win First Round Of France’s Presidential Election 0 Activist Kuki Gallmann Shot At Her Kenyan Ranch 0 France's Political Parties Are Banding Together To Stop Le Pen 0 North Korea, With Characteristic Bluster, Threatens To Sink U.S. Aircraft Carrier 0 Lebanese Activists Protest 'Stone Age' Rape Law With Haunting Public Art Piece 0 Go to WorldPost More in WorldPost Foreign Affairs World Elections Arab Uprising Afghanistan War Syria Crisis You Might Also Like Travel Impact Parents Lambton Kent District School Board Introduces Mandatory Indigenous Literature Course 0 Girl Didn't See Herself In Her Books, So Dad Made One For Her 0 11-Year-Old Is Perfectly Fine With Being The Only Boy In His Ballet Class 0 Study Shows How Much Kids Need To Be Praised A Day 0 Go to Parents More in Parents Apparently Parents Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Weddings Living You CAN Have Outdoor Sex In Canada, But There's A Catch 0 20 Of The Best Books To Read In Summer 2017 0 Solange Pens Honest And Inspiring Letter To Teenage Self For Teen Vogue 0 Emerging Indigenous Voices Literary Award Is The Perfect Response To 'Appropriation Prize' Controversy 0 What Happens When A Woman Accepts The Compliment She's Given? 0 Go to Living More in Living 2 Minutes To Transform Apparently I'm Sold Canada Say it. Make it. Eat it. Like A Tourist Living Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Style Medalion Rahimi Wants The Beauty Industry To Include Middle-Eastern Women 0 Smiling Is Making You Look Old, According To New, Sad, Research 0 There's Finally An Acne Laser Treatment For People With Dark Skin 0 Go to Style More in Style Style Videos Beauty Fashion Celeb Style Wedding Style Best And Worst Dressed Skincare You Might Also Like Style (U.S.) Weddings Entertainment Donald Trump Gives Sean Spicer His Final Kiss On 'SNL' 0 Alec Baldwin's Trump Gets Skewered Again By 'Lester Holt' On 'SNL' 0 'Big Bang Theory' Star Jim Parsons Marries Longtime Partner Todd Spiewak 0 Blake Lively And Ryan Reynolds Made A Cute Surprise Cameo On 'SNL' 0 Emmy Award-Winning Character Actor Powers Boothe Dead At 68 0 Go to Entertainment You Might Also Like Music Celebrity TV Moviefone Arts A Very Considerate Person 'Fixed' Ivanka Trump's Book Display 0 'Boring Self-Care' Drawings Celebrate Everyday Mental Health Victories 0 Portraits Of Librarians Celebrate America's Bookish Unsung Heroes 0 How 'Master Of None' Captures The Loneliness Of Constant Connectivity 0 American Library Association Urges Schools Not To Remove '13 Reasons Why' 0 Go to Arts You Might Also Like Books Black Voices Latino Voices Gay Voices Religion Alberta Calgary Stampede's 2017 Menu Will Stop Your Heart 0 Go to Alberta More in Alberta Alberta Politics Alberta Business Rachel Notley Calgary Edmonton BC Vancouver Mouse Overdoses On Heroin 0 Go to BC More in BC B.C. Politics B.C. Business B.C. Good News B.C. RCMP Vancouver Vancouver Housing You Might Also Like B.C.Videos All Sections News Canada Politics Canada Business US Politics US Business World Media Sports Education Crime Weird News Good News Daily Finance Entertainment Entertainment Music TV Celebrity Comedy Arts Books Moviefone Life & Style Living Style Home Healthy Living Taste Weddings Travel Parents Divorce HuffPost 50 OWN Quiet Revolution Tech & Science Tech Science Green Techcrunch Engadget TUAW Joystiq Voices Impact Women Black Voices Latino Voices Queer Voices Religion College Teen Outspeak Local Quebec (French) Calgary Montreal Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Mapquest Patch.com Our Mobile Apps: iPhone iPad Android Phone Android Tablet Canada HuffPost Quebec (en français) What's Working Video Impact Blogs Canada Video 2 Minutes To Transform Aerialist To Hang Off A Helicopter Using Her Teeth.. Over Niagara Falls Ontario Muskrat To Get A Crowdfunded Autopsy CBC Reassigns Managing Editor Who Backed Cultural Appropriation Prize Giant Lobster Goes From Death Row To Stardom Journalists Arrested At Site Of Crash That Killed 10-Year-Old 3 Charged In Winnipeg Killing Of Tina Fontaine's Cousin Goodbye, Parallel Parking. These Tires Let You Drive SIDEWAYS Calgary Stampede's 2017 Menu Will Stop Your Heart Indigenous Lit Becomes Mandatory Thanks To Student Demand Trump: 'No Politician In History' Has Been Treated Worse Than I Have American-Iranian Actress Says Hollywood Is Overlooking Middle-Eastern Women 20 New Books To Fill Up Your Summer Reading List Solange To Teenage Self: Life Won't 'Always Be Easy' Trump Impeachment Odds Spike As Markets Panic Now THIS Is The Perfect Response To #AppropriationPrize Previous Story Next Story Ontario Police Release Video In Seeking 'Clumsy' Walmart Shoplifting Suspect HuffPost Canada  |  By Emma Paling Email Posted: 05/16/2017 9:41 pm EDT Updated: 05/16/2017 9:41 pm EDT Share Tweet Email Comment tumblr reddit ADVERTISEMENT Police are looking for a "clumsy shoplifting suspect" who spilled her haul in a Walmart parking lot in Fergus, Ont. The Ontario Provincial Police posted a video to Twitter on Friday asking for the public's help in identifying the female suspect. Her cart of $650 worth of stolen goods spilled when she fell during her run out the door on April 26. Store employees recognized her from a theft days earlier, when she allegedly got away with $2,500 worth of items, CTV News reported. Anyone who has information is asked to call the OPP or Crime Stoppers. Follow HuffPost Canada on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram More: video walmart walmart shoplifter fergus walmart fergus walmart shoplifter shoplifter spills her cart opp ontario-provinicial-police wellington country police Canada Video Suggest a correction   Click here to view Conversations Conversations Suggested For You FOLLOW HUFFPOST Email Email Address Please check the checkbox to indicate your consent Options HuffPost Daily Brief Get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.. Facebook HuffPost Twitter HuffPost Follow Google Plus HuffPost RSS The Huffington Post All RSS / Feeds Phone Available on the App Store Android App on Google Play Get it at Blackberry App World advertise make HuffPost your home page RSS careers FAQ user agreement privacy policy comment policy about us about our ads contact us Archive Copyright ©2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. 2017© Part of HPMG News Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story. Notify message * Required * * * What kind of error is this? Choose an option Factual or typographical Comment moderation problem Rights and permissions Other * What is the correction? 0 count Describe the error here (1,000 character limit) * Type the words below so we know you are not a cyborg Sign me up for The Huffington Post's Daily Brief Thanks for your report!
Login Classifieds Menu Contact Us Login Register Customer Service Subscribe Renew Your Subscription Email Newsletters Vacation Start & Stop Change of Address Delivery Issue Carrier Information Newspapers in Education e-Editions East Oregonian Special Sections Marketplace Search Ads Place an Ad Employment Public Notices Real Estate Guide Garage Sales E-edition Print Ads Public Notices Since 1875 Winner of the 2016 ONPA General Excellence Award Subscribe Menu Staff Directory Advertise With Us Submission Forms Anniversary Births Delivery Issues Engagements Feedback Letter to the Editor Obituary Submit News Weddings Vacation Start & Stop Work at the EO About Us Photos, Videos & Podcasts Latest Photos Photo Gallery Photo Reprints EO Audio Podcast Submit Photos Videos Login Register Subscribe Delivery Issue Email Newsletters Vacation Start & Stop News Local News Northwest Nation & World Business Closures Agriculture Submit News & Photos Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Community Community News Calendar Your EO News Eat, Drink & Explore Celebrations In Uniform Student Honors Days Gone By Out of the Vault Book Reviews Contests Sports Local Sports College Sports College Basketball Experience College Football Experience Pro Sports Auto Racing Experience Pro Football Experience Winter Games Experience Scoreboard Outside Rodeo & Round-Up Obituaries Obituaries & Death Notices Submit an Obituary Tips for Writing Obituaries Records Births Public Meetings Public Safety Logs Jail Roster Most Wanted Courts Public Notices Lotteries e-Editions East Oregonian Special Sections 1-800-522-0255 Search sponsored by East Oregon Marketplace Home News Local News Car chase ends in Hermiston Wal-Mart parking lot Published on May 16, 2017 6:16PM Last changed on May 16, 2017 8:10PM HERMISTON — Two men were arrested Tuesday afternoon after leading a sheriff’s deputy and Hermiston police on a car chase. Umatilla County Sheriff Terry Rowan said Deputy Calvin Mead initiated a traffic stop at South Edward and Walls Road, but the vehicle continued to drive along Highway 207, going about 50 miles per hour. Law enforcement vehicles chased the car, which stopped at Wal-Mart on North Highway 395. The vehicle’s passenger, Austin Satterwhite, was taken into custody in the parking lot. The driver, Timothy McMurphy, started running for the door of the store, but was apprehended before reaching it. Rowan said he did not know the reason for the traffic stop. McMurphy has previously been charged with several felonies, most recently his involvement in a scheme in Pendleton, making fake $100 bills. Satterwhite was charged last year with interfering with an officer and unlawful possession of a firearm. Marketplace Jobs Garage Sales Real Estate Share and Discuss Guidelines User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Our Guidelines Stay on topic - This helps keep the thread focused on the discussion at hand. If you would like to discuss another topic, look for a relevant article. Share with Us - We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article, and smart, constructive criticism. Be Civil - It's OK to have a difference in opinion but there's no need to be a jerk. We reserve the right to delete any comments that we feel are spammy, off-topic, or reckless to the community. Be proactive - Use the 'Flag as Inappropriate' link at the upper right corner of each comment to let us know of abusive posts. × Search sponsored by East Oregon Marketplace Most Read Comments Trending 6:30 P.M. UPDATE: BENT, state, feds arrest 4 in Pendleton drug raids ( 19122 ) Pendleton man killed in Wasco County car crash ( 18013 ) Missing Portland man found near Pilot Rock ( 12416 ) Search for Portland man missing in Blue Mountains ( 10587 ) Echo could use eminent domain to take property for sewer project ( 9789 ) Work begins on Ranch and Home store ( 8808 ) 6:30 P.M. UPDATE: BENT, state, feds arrest 4 in Pendleton drug raids ( 741 ) Marijuana smoking lounges could be next in Oregon ( 58 ) Athena Mainstreet Association buys old PGG store ( 44 ) Car chase ends in Hermiston Wal-Mart parking lot ( 42 ) Voters reject $104 million Hermiston school bond ( 40 ) Letter: God chose Trump — an answer to prayer — to lead country ( 29 ) News Business Local News Nation & World Northwest Submit News & Photos Sports College Sports Local Sports Rodeo & Roundup Photos & Videos Latest Photos Photo Gallery Photo Reprints Obituaries All Obituaries Submit an Obituary Opinion Letters Submit a Letter Our Media Family Blue Mountain Eagle Cannon Beach Gazette Capital Press Ag Weekly Chinook Observer Coast River Business Journal The Daily Astorian East Oregonian The Hermiston Herald Oregon Coast Today Seaside Signal Wallowa County Chieftain Subscriptions Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Newspapers in Education Vacation Start & Stop Contact Us Staff Directory © 2017 East Oregonian Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Obituaries Local News Boise State Sports Idaho Politics 46° Full Menu 46° Home Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us E-Edition Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Boise West Ada Canyon County Crime State News Nation/World News Databases Education Environment Idahoans in the Military Weather Traffic Helping Works In the Classroom Our Community Sports Sports Boise State Football Boise State Basketball Idaho Vandals High Schools Boise Hawks Idaho Steelheads Idaho Stampede Bronco Beat Extra Points Varsity Extra Blog NFL NBA NHL MLB Golf Politics Idaho Politics Elections Government and Business Capitol & State Letters from the West National Politics Business Business Business Insider Business Columns & Blogs Personal Finance Legal Notices Opinion Opinion Editorials Editorial Cartoons Letters to the Editor Reader's Opinion Submit a Letter or Opinion Robert Ehlert Entertainment Entertainment Events Calendar Restaurant Reviews Arts and Culture Festivals Movie Reviews Movie Showtimes Music Television Books Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Puzzles Words & Deeds ArtsBeat Outdoors Outdoors Playing Outdoors Blog Biking Camping Fishing Hiking and Trails Hunting Winter Recreation Living Living Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Treasure Pets Religion Travel Best of Treasure Valley Heart of the Treasure Valley Margaret Lauterbach Tim Woodward Carolyn Hax Obituaries Shopping Contests Promotions Advertise Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Place An Ad About Us Mario Garza Boise Mario Garza Boise Crime May 16, 2017 5:39 PM Man sentenced to 17 years for shootout that injured 10-year-old girl By Ruth Brown rbrown@idahostatesman.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story District Judge Davis F. VanderVelde sentenced Mario Garza on Tuesday to 17 years in prison for his role in shootout that ended with a 10-year-old girl accidentally being shot. Garza, 20, was arrested in June 2016 on a felony warrant in connection with a gang-related shooting in the parking lot of a Walmart during the annual God and Country Family Festival at the Ford Idaho Center in Nampa. According to police, Garza and another man, Ezri Garcia, began arguing in the parking lot when both men pulled out guns and started shooting at each other. A bullet from one of the guns struck an nearby 10-year-old girl in the shoulder while she was gathered with her family and hundreds of other people to watch the fireworks from the festival. VanderVelde sentenced Garza, of Nampa, for aggravated assault and felony riot, and he could be eligible for parole after six years are served. Garcia was sentenced in February to 19 years in prison with seven years fixed for his role in the shooting. VanderVelde also ordered Garza to have no contact with the victim or her family for the duration of the sentence. Garza was also ordered to pay a $5,000 civil penalty as well as court costs. “My office and our law enforcement partners in Canyon County have zero tolerance for gang violence, so there is no doubt that Mr. Garza belongs behind bars,” said Canyon County Prosecutor Bryan Taylor in a news release. “Hopefully this sends a message that gangs and gang violence will not be tolerated in our community.” Ruth Brown: 208-377-6207, @RuthBrownNews Ezri Garcia. Boise LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 days ago Boise detectives search home of Amber Alert suspect 0:18 2 days ago Boise detectives search home of Amber Alert suspect 1:18 5 days ago Woman gives to repair Anne Frank Memorial 3:13 8 days ago Idaho lawsuit alleges Boy Scouts of America and LDS Church covered up sexual misconduct View More Video Crime Meridian police arrest 3 teenagers in string of early morning burglaries Boy, 14, breaks patrol car’s barrier, tries to attack driving officer, police say Suspected killer faces new charges for injury to child Idaho City man accused of lewd conduct with a child Stalking suspect apprehended in North End after Boise police search Crime Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition (Digital Replica) Home Delivery Vacation Hold Newsletters Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport Facebook Twitter Instagram GooglePlus Search Latest In Lifestyle Woman paralysed walking home from work Man faked cancer to con women Dumped bride goes through with wedding Mum’s Instagram post goes viral Meth teacher: Before and after Stealther’s defiant defence of unsafe sex How much fidget spinner inventor is making Fidget spinner scare: ‘Her face turned red’ parenting kids Woman who invented the fidget spinner isn’t getting anything May 18, 20172:40pm Video Image Fidget spinners the new craze0:27 A new toy designed to help children with autism are the new craze in Melbourne. May 3rd 2017 15 days ago /video/video.news.com.au/News/ The latest must-have toy. NY Post Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Email a friend IT IS the latest craze sweeping schoolyards across Australia, but it turns out the inventor isn’t making any money from it. Catherine Hettinger knew her invention — the fidget spinner — was working as she sat alone before a meeting with the vice president of Hasbro, one of the largest toy manufacturers in the world. “That was one good thing about this product: If I walked into their headquarters spinning it, it totally calmed me down,” Ms Hettinger told MONEY. “It’s not an easy thing for most people to walk in and close big deals.” It was 1997 and Hasbro didn’t see the magic in the low-tech toy, later sending a rejection letter to Ms Hettinger, whose patent for the first fidget spinner was approved earlier that year. Hasbro now sells the stress-relieving toys that are sweeping the country, as well as causing some trouble in classrooms. The New York Post reports Ms Hettinger said she got the idea for the toy, which sells for about $5, when she saw young boys throwing rocks at police officers in Israel. She wanted to find a way to distract young kids and give them something soothing to release pent-up energy. “It started as a way of promoting peace, and then I went on to find something that was very calming,” she said. Ms Hettinger, who began imagining the toy as early as the 1980s, initially considered a soft rock for kids to throw, but then developed the idea for the fidget spinner more than 20 years before they became the hottest toy this year and potential relief for some people who suffer from anxiety and attention deficit disorders. But the craze came a little too late for Ms Hettinger, whose patent on the original product expired earlier this year. That means companies like Hasbro can sell their own versions of the toy without Ms Hettinger, who insists she’s not upset about missing out on the toy industry’s latest fad. “Maybe if it was some kind of exploitative product — like a new style of cigarettes — and my only motivation was to make money, I’d have a different attitude,” she said. “But I am just thrilled.” Children, college students and adults alike are scooping up the toys as a way to help them focus or release nervous energy. They come in a variety of colours and sizes and are markedly inexpensive — most versions can be bought for less than $5, although some made with copper or other metals can be pricier. Catherine Hettinger created the fidget spinner 20 years ago.Source:The Advertiser US chains like Walmart and Toys ‘R’ Us are reportedly having a hard time keeping them in stock, and a search of Amazon’s top 20 best-selling toys and games revealed that 17 were fidget spinners. (The other three toys were fidget cubes, a six-sided plastic toy with multiple stress-relieving activities.) “When you start seeing these things flying off the shelf at your local 7-Eleven, you know things are heating up,” said Ms Hettinger, who isn’t sure what’s behind the sudden surge in interest in fidget spinners. She speculates it might have something to do with the recession of 2008, with people looking for cheap ways to have fun. “That was always the concept — to help people,” she said. “I experienced it for myself … There’s a real need for this.” Ms Hettinger, of Orlando, is now focusing on how to sell her original spinners and get them into the mix of the toys flying off the shelves. She’s launched a Kickstarter campaign with a goal of more than $23,000 and hopes to deliver her Classic Fidget Spinner as early as next month. “Kids are required to sit seven solid hours in chairs and this is sparking a revolution to at least keep them from getting in trouble,” the website reads. “No animal sits still for long and we can’t either.” Not everyone is a fan of the fidget spinner, however. Some principals in Australia say the toy may actually be interfering with children’s learning. This article originally appeared on the New York Post and was reproduced with permission Jump back to top Right now in lifestyle 2888Readers Sean Price: Killer allegedly grooms Australian schoolgirl on... 505Readers Megan Sloan: Teacher arrested after bringing heroin, needles... 463Readers Fidget spinner inventor Catherine Hettinger makes no money f... 309Readers Disgraced former deputy Auburn Mayor Salim Mehajer’s swipe a... 316Readers Jilted at the altar: Bride walks down aisle anyway to keep a... A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites.Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News.com.au Newsletter RSS Advertise About Us Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions News Limited Copyright © 2017. All times AEST (GMT +10). Bottom JS
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carnegie/Bridgeville Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum/Oakmont Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Kevin Gorman - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Golf Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Riverhounds News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Election Results Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Theater & Arts Movies/TV Music Books More A&E Museums Player's Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Valley News Dispatch Grocery chain Aldi eyes expansion in Alle-Kiski Valley, promises jobs Matthew Medsger | Wednesday, May 17, 2017, 11:51 p.m. Louis B. Ruediger | Tribune-Review Shawnti Lee, 29, and Kenneth Daugherty Jr., 25, both of New Kensington, talk with Aldi District Manager Richard Gorman during a hiring event at Aldi's in Lower Burrell on Wednesday, May 17, 2017. Louis B. Ruediger | Tribune-Review Jill Phillips of Lower Burrell, works as a cashier at the Aldi grocery store location in Lower Burrell, Wednesday May 17, 2017. Louis B. Ruediger | Tribune-Review Cashiers have a steady flow of customers at the Lower Burrell Aldi store Wednesday May 17, 2017. Eric Slagle | Trib Total Media Aldi has been expanding rapidly in the United States. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. Updated 3 hours ago A lot of things are different about grocery store chain Aldi compared with its competitors. Carts are an obvious one — a quarter is required to remove a buggy from the racks — and the company sells, but does not hand out, grocery bags. Perhaps the least obvious difference, though, is the chain's recent and rapid expansion. The company, founded in Germany and known for low-cost food and limited variety, has been expanding rapidly in the United States — more than doubling the number of stateside stores in the last 10 years. Aldi's rapid expansion has already hit markets in Western Pennsylvania — there are 19 stores within 25 miles of the Valley News Dispatch's Tarentum office. With stores in Lower Burrell and Kittanning already in place, Aldi is working to staff a new store set to open near Tarentum by the end of the year. The company held a hiring event Wednesday at the Lower Burrell store along Leechburg Road. Company officials would not reveal a location for the new store. This much is known: By the end of 2018, there will be nearly 2,000 Aldi stores from coast to coast, according to J.R. Perry, Aldi Saxonburg Division vice president. “We already have more than 1,600 stores in 35 states, serving more than 40 million customers every month,” he said. Perry said that by 2018, the company aims to expand its customer base to 45 million a month. In February, the company announced a $1.6 billion investment in its U.S.-based stores. If interest alone is a measurement, then the hiring event was a success: dozens of would-be employees turned up despite its early morning start. Ryan McLane, 21, of Verona said he hopes to land a job with the company for a simple reason — one Aldi claims sets it apart: the pay. “They pay more than other grocery stores,” he said. “I have experience working as a bagger and in the bakery, so I know what kind of pay you can usually get. They offer more, so I really hope I get the job.” According to the company's event flier, a store associate's pay starts at $11.75 to $12.50 per hour. Information published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows median retail pay in the United States hovers around $10.90 per hour. Glassdoor.com, a website dedicated to gathering crowd-sourced data on job markets, shows a similar median throughout the retail world. In comparison, retail giant Wal-Mart generally pays new employees $9 per hour, according to its website. When asked if Aldi pays more than other retailers, Alex Baloga, vice president of external relations for the Pennsylvania Food Merchants Association, said, “Yes and no. “I think generally in the industry you see retailers trying to compete with each other for the retention and recruitment of good employees,” Baloga said. “They want to keep good people and treat them fairly and treat them well, so they recruit people with good wages. “I would say Aldi is in line with a lot of other food retailers. We're seeing this across the retail food industry: that wages are going up, in general.” Higher than average employee pay just makes good business sense, according to Perry, who says it is “one way we recruit and retain the best and brightest talent.” McLane said he hopes to find himself at the upper end of Aldi's pay scale but that he'll take whatever he's offered. Shawnti Lee, 29, of New Kensington said the money is part of why she and her boyfriend, Kenneth Daugherty, 25, found themselves filling out applications. “The money is good,” she said. “Plus, it's right on the bus route.” Daugherty said he is out of work, so the opportunity to apply at Aldi came at a perfect time. He said his previous employer, Burger King, wouldn't offer Daugherty benefits. Aldi, on the other hand, offers health insurance and dental benefits to employees who work at least 25 hours. Matthew Medsger is a Tribune-Review staff writer. Reach him at 724-226-4675, mmedsger@tribweb.com, or on Twitter @matthew_medsger. More Valley News Dispatch Ethnic intimidation, assault case in West Deer could crumble Leechburg Area School Board nomination winners sorted out Plum school taxes to rise 4.4 percent, and district to borrow more Springdale-area power problems likely caused by loose wire, dead squirrel Sense of duty, desire for change on Alle-Kiski voters' minds in primary TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Gorman: Not time to pull Fleury for Murray Penguins defense, Fleury collapse in blowout loss to Senators in Game 3  Woodland Hills taxes might rise 3.1 percent; board hires PR firm at $350 per hour Twitter Feed A Twitter List by Valley News Dispatch staff Featured Photography Week in Pictures (May 8 - May 14) A curated collection of photojournalism from around the region, nation and world. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper | Circulars Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
Print   Email   Font Resize Community News Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- May 18 - May 21 Posted:   05/17/2017 10:24:05 PM MDT Today, May 18 Circle of Grandparents Group — 9:30 to 10:30 a.m., Family Resource Center. Includes free child care. SilverSneakers Classic — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Brown Bag Lunch — 12:10 pm., Sterling Public Library. Program: Northeast Colorado Department, "Tobacco's Impact On Youth In Our Region." Movie Matinee "Sound of Music" — 2 p.m., Heritage Center. Tai Chi — 2:30 to 3:30 p.m., Heritage Center. Whyman Teen Outreach Program — 4:30 p.m. for middle school students, 5:30 p.m. for high school students, Family Resource Center. Tai Chi — 5:15 to 6:15 p.m., Heritage Center. Under the Umbrella LCC Meal — 5:30 to 6:30 p.m., Zion Congregational Church, 432 Chestnut St. Anyone in need of a meal is welcome. Clean Slate Recovery Group — 6:30 to 7:30 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Open to anyone struggling with addiction. Information: Christie Orozco 970-526-6500, 970-520-2939 or csrecovery1028@gmail.com, Facebook or Twitter. American Legion Auxiliary — 6:30 p.m. Sterling Camera Club — 7 p.m., Heritage Center. Sweet Adelines — 7 p.m., Sterling High School choir room. For ladies who love to sing. Advertisement Centennial State Chorus — 7 p.m., room 102, Christ United Methodist Church. For men who love to sing. Elks Bingo — 7 p.m., Open to the public. Friday, May 19 Qi Gong — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Sterling Chapter: American Council for the Blind — 1 p.m., Sterling Public Library Community Room. Everyone welcome. Lee Edwards - Victory Church — 5:30 p.m., Heritage Center. VFW Bingo — 7 p.m., public is invited. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 7 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Saturday, May 20 Recycling Collection — 8 to 11 a.m., southeast corner of Walmart parking lot. Collection includes: Plastic #1, plastic #2 natural (milk cartons), plastic #2 colored (detergent bottles, shampoo, etc.) and both aluminum and tin cans. No glass. Third Annual Tread for Trails — Pioneer Park. 25-mile ride starts at 9:30 a.m., 8-mile ride starts at 10 a.m., 1.63-mile ride starts at 11 a.m. Registration forms available at PLR Department at City Hall and Sterling Bike Works. You may also register on race day. Narcotics Anonymous — 1:30 p.m., First Christian Church. Information: 970-520-1474. Heritage Center Dance Group — 6:30 to 10 p.m., Jim Ehrlich. Cost $7. Everyone is welcome. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 9 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Sunday, May 21 Zion Congregational Church Soup Kitchen — 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m., 5th Street and Chestnut. Come to the back door and down the stairs. Free. Meals served to anyone who is hungry and in need of a hot meal. Merino High School Graduation — 2 p.m., at the school. Prairie High School Graduation — 2 p.m., school gymnasium. Movie Matinee — 4 p.m., 315 W. Railroad Ave., Iliff. Free popcorn. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED Hands-on fun day of learning for providers, educators The Northeast Colorado Child Care Resource and Referral annual Summer Day of Training will be in Limon on June 10, 2017.   Full Story   MORE RELATED HEADLINES Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- May 18 - May 21 Register now for Sterling Miracle Players' Summer Acting Camp   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman LulyBoo Launches Travel Line for Parent and Baby Company launches new travel line, making it the go-to brand for on-the-go needs ORANGE COUNTY, CALIFORNIA, UNITED STATES, May 17, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — LulyBoo, an Orange County-based designer of products for babies and toddlers, is launching a new signature line, The Lulyboo Travel Line. The Line features products designed for parent and baby, making the active lifestyle convenient and enjoyable, creating a seamless transition from home to on-the-go. The line is an extension of the already existing LulyBoo brand, with a redesign, new look and smart features, to fit the needs of today’s modern parent. Featuring stylish, sleek and portable products, the travel line supports an everchanging and active lifestyle, and encourages those on-the-go moments to be spent with baby and parent, together. Products in the new line include travel product accessories, on-the-go support, changing kits, a backpack with harness, and the classic baby and toddler lounge that parents already know and love, revamped. “We’ve seen such a huge demand for the LulyBoo products since launching in 2008. We wanted to create something that was an extension of our brand, and sticks true to our mission to provide a safe, smart and easy space for parent and baby while on the go. We’ve extended that mission and are now making it easy for parents to continue to live their active lifestyle without sacrificing baby’s comfort, or their own,” said Pazit Ben-Ezri, CEO and founder of LulyBoo. Attendees at this year’s JPMA Baby Trade Show received an exclusive first look at the new Line. The JPMA Baby Show, took place at the Anaheim Convention Center from Wednesday, May 10 – Saturday, May 13, a Family Media event, combining an educational conference, trade show and vendor display for consumers. LulyBoo released a limited number of products to a handful of media and social influencers prior to and immediately following the show. The entire collection will be available in stores at the end of July. First on the shelves from the collection are the shopping cart covers, seat protectors, unique head and body support and outdoor blanket. From a smart shopping experience with baby, providing protection, entertainment and a safe environment, to a smart solution for babies who often struggle to keep their head, neck and back supported while on the go. The first of the released products feature innovative designs, and provide a smart solution to “on-the-go” time with baby. Included in the collection, and hitting the shelves later this summer is the Mod Carrycot, a portable carrycot that is designed to make travel easy for parents, while providing comfort for baby anywhere, any time. The carrycot features soft fabric lining the interior and a canopy to give baby shade and protection, while the exterior material features a chic print in grey, designed for today’s stylish parents. With its extra support, the handles of the ModCot can be securely fastened, allowing parents to transport baby with ease and comfort. The carrycot also acts as a lounge when it is not being carried, giving baby a safe, cozy place to rest. When not in use, the carrycot is simply folded and stored in a carry bag, along with the insert and canopy – all weighing less than 4 lbs. LulyBoo products are available to order online at Amazon, Walmart, Baby Depot, Babies R Us, Costco, Target, and BuyBuyBaby. For more information about LulyBoo and its signature line of baby and toddler products, please visit www.LulyBoo.com. About LulyBoo LulyBoo is a global brand created and spearheaded by innovator, entrepreneur, and mother of four, Pazit Ben-Ezri. The company’s line of signature baby products gives caring parents the ease of portability and versatile function without sacrificing baby’s comfort or safety. Including the signature Baby Lounge and an assortment of baby accessories, the collection of products is carefully designed to create a special place baby can call home, wherever their parent takes them. LulyBoo recognizes that modern parents need unique products that keep their babies happy, clean and cozy while fitting into their everyday lifestyles. For more information, please visit www.lulyboo.com. ### Media Contact: Alex Easland alex@amebamarketing.com (858) 946-0246 Alex Easland Ameba Marketing 8589460846 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Nick Kohlschreiber on Proprietary Social Media Monetization Model Recently Revealed Next PostNext New UK Fashion Start Up White and White Launches The Ultimate Shirt Collection Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman LulyBoo Launches Travel Line for Parent and Baby Company launches new travel line, making it the go-to brand for on-the-go needs ORANGE COUNTY, CALIFORNIA, UNITED STATES, May 17, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — LulyBoo, an Orange County-based designer of products for babies and toddlers, is launching a new signature line, The Lulyboo Travel Line. The Line features products designed for parent and baby, making the active lifestyle convenient and enjoyable, creating a seamless transition from home to on-the-go. The line is an extension of the already existing LulyBoo brand, with a redesign, new look and smart features, to fit the needs of today’s modern parent. Featuring stylish, sleek and portable products, the travel line supports an everchanging and active lifestyle, and encourages those on-the-go moments to be spent with baby and parent, together. Products in the new line include travel product accessories, on-the-go support, changing kits, a backpack with harness, and the classic baby and toddler lounge that parents already know and love, revamped. “We’ve seen such a huge demand for the LulyBoo products since launching in 2008. We wanted to create something that was an extension of our brand, and sticks true to our mission to provide a safe, smart and easy space for parent and baby while on the go. We’ve extended that mission and are now making it easy for parents to continue to live their active lifestyle without sacrificing baby’s comfort, or their own,” said Pazit Ben-Ezri, CEO and founder of LulyBoo. Attendees at this year’s JPMA Baby Trade Show received an exclusive first look at the new Line. The JPMA Baby Show, took place at the Anaheim Convention Center from Wednesday, May 10 – Saturday, May 13, a Family Media event, combining an educational conference, trade show and vendor display for consumers. LulyBoo released a limited number of products to a handful of media and social influencers prior to and immediately following the show. The entire collection will be available in stores at the end of July. First on the shelves from the collection are the shopping cart covers, seat protectors, unique head and body support and outdoor blanket. From a smart shopping experience with baby, providing protection, entertainment and a safe environment, to a smart solution for babies who often struggle to keep their head, neck and back supported while on the go. The first of the released products feature innovative designs, and provide a smart solution to “on-the-go” time with baby. Included in the collection, and hitting the shelves later this summer is the Mod Carrycot, a portable carrycot that is designed to make travel easy for parents, while providing comfort for baby anywhere, any time. The carrycot features soft fabric lining the interior and a canopy to give baby shade and protection, while the exterior material features a chic print in grey, designed for today’s stylish parents. With its extra support, the handles of the ModCot can be securely fastened, allowing parents to transport baby with ease and comfort. The carrycot also acts as a lounge when it is not being carried, giving baby a safe, cozy place to rest. When not in use, the carrycot is simply folded and stored in a carry bag, along with the insert and canopy – all weighing less than 4 lbs. LulyBoo products are available to order online at Amazon, Walmart, Baby Depot, Babies R Us, Costco, Target, and BuyBuyBaby. For more information about LulyBoo and its signature line of baby and toddler products, please visit www.LulyBoo.com. About LulyBoo LulyBoo is a global brand created and spearheaded by innovator, entrepreneur, and mother of four, Pazit Ben-Ezri. The company’s line of signature baby products gives caring parents the ease of portability and versatile function without sacrificing baby’s comfort or safety. Including the signature Baby Lounge and an assortment of baby accessories, the collection of products is carefully designed to create a special place baby can call home, wherever their parent takes them. LulyBoo recognizes that modern parents need unique products that keep their babies happy, clean and cozy while fitting into their everyday lifestyles. For more information, please visit www.lulyboo.com. ### Media Contact: Alex Easland alex@amebamarketing.com (858) 946-0246 Alex Easland Ameba Marketing 8589460846 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Nick Kohlschreiber on Proprietary Social Media Monetization Model Recently Revealed Next PostNext New UK Fashion Start Up White and White Launches The Ultimate Shirt Collection Search Recent Posts Savi Sleek Launches Successful Kickstarter Campaign Miraxess Launches Successful Indiegogo Campaign For Mirabook Next Group Holdings Signs Letter of Intent to Wholly Acquire Leading Global Telecommunication Company Limecom Inc. Next Group Holdings Signs Letter of Intent to Wholly Acquire Leading Global Telecommunication Company Limecom Inc. Bluetooth Headsets Market Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
» · Trump · DonaldTrump · Russia · Republicans · JamesComey · Democrats · Impeachment · GOP · FederalBureauofInvestigation · Progressives · Community · election · trumprussia · VladimirPutin · TeaParty · Comey · Senate · PaulRyan · Vote · GOTV · Politics · HealthCare · Elections · 2018 · 2017 · WhiteHouse · Media · House · Israel · Intelligence Sign up Log in 0 Messages New Blog Entry Drafts View/Edit My Profile Image Library My Groups My Stories My Activity Stream My Comments Subscribe to hide ads Show Ads Hide Ads Log out   Blog It! Help Join the mailing list News Front Page Elections Labor Comics Daily Kos Liberation League Radio   More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Community Recommended Most Shared Recent Stories Community Spotlight GROUPS Readers and Book Lovers Science Matters ClassWarfare Newsletter More... More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Action Sign the petition: I am not a reporter, and I want to see Donald Trump’s tax returns Despite promising to release his tax returns in a televised debate with Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump continues to show that... Sign if you agree: Jeff Sessions must resign, and a special prosecutor must investigate Trump's ties to Russia At his Senate confirmation hearing, Attorney General Jeff Sessions lied under oath that he had never had contact with the... Sign the petition: Don't mess with Social Security! Donald Trump campaigned on protecting Social Security and Medicare, but like most Trump scams we are already seeing that... See All 9 Campaigns » Front Page Queue Stream Members Following Profile Open thread for night owls: Funded by 0.001%ers, charter school backers take over L.A. school board By Meteor Blades   Wednesday May 17, 2017 · 8:00 PM PDT 2017/05/17 · 20:00 113 Comments Share this article 64 64 64 Education Secretary Betty DeVos' fellow billionaires poured millions of dollars into the campaigns of charter school advocates who are now in charge at the Los Angeles Unified School District. Add to Blog RSS Update Edit Administration Un-Rescue Rescue REBLOGGED BY TAGS OpenThreadforNightOwls Edit Tags Tag History × Tag History No history yet. Done Editing Tags 113 Comments Share this article 64 64 64 Education Secretary Betty DeVos' fellow billionaires poured millions of dollars into the campaigns of charter school advocates who are now in charge at the Los Angeles Unified School District. Edwin Rios at Mother Jones reports—Los Angeles Just Had the Most Expensive School Board Race Ever—and Betsy DeVos Couldn't Be Happier: Charter school advocates landed a major victory Tuesday night, winning two seats on the Los Angeles Board of Education in the most expensive school board race in US history. Now, with charter supporters making up a majority of the board for the first time since 2010, the country's second-largest school district could see a charter school expansion—just as it confronts a looming budget deficit and declining enrollment. Charter-backed Nick Melvoin unseated board president Steve Zimmer, who was running for his third and final term, according to unofficial results. Kelly Gonez, a pro-reform candidate, declared victory late Tuesday night over Imelda Padilla. The board election capped a long-standing battle between teachers' unions and wealthy charter school proponents like former mayor Richard Riordan, Walmart heirs Alice and Jim Walton, former New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg, philanthropist and major charter backer Eli Broad, and Netflix CEO Reed Hastings, who gave $5 million to the California Charter Schools Association Advocates, a pro-charter PAC. Both sides attacked candidates in brutal advertisements—as of Wednesday, outside spending on the school board races reached more than $14 million, twice the amount spent in 2013, according to Los Angeles Ethics Commission campaign finance data. • An Activists’ Calendar of Resistance Events • Indivisible’s list of Resistance Events & Groups TOP COMMENTS • HIGH IMPACT STORIES QUOTATION “At the risk of sounding really corny now, I’m a career prosecutor. I’ve been doing this for a very long time. And I believe in holding people responsible when they violate the law. But our sole responsibility is to seek justice. And sometimes that means a very lengthy sentence, for people who are dangerous and from which society must be protected. But it always means seeking a proportional sentence. And that’s what this sentencing reform is really about.”                     ~Sally Yates, interview on reforming mandatory minimum drug sentences, July 2015 TWEET OF THE DAY BLAST FROM THE PAST At Daily Kos on this date in 2012—Mitt, you dunce, you have to remember your lies: Mitt Romney, who has a few months yet to stumble-tongue his way into another dozen or so memorable head-shakers before he actually gets the nomination, offered what may well turn out to be this campaign's most blunderful word-blunder yet. It's already viral, unrecallable: Uh, I'm actually going to to, I'm not familiar precisely with exactly what I said, but I stand by what I said, whatever it was. And with regards to, uh, I'll go back and take at what was said there. What's in evidence in this remarkable word salad is the mark of the bad liar. We all know that Romney is a major liar. We've seen it over and over during this campaign. The pile of his lies already has grown enormously and the general election campaign is barely under way. For someone with his assets, you would think he would have hired himself a better coach of effective lying. He can certainly afford it given the gobs of cash he's sucked up by destroying jobs and being rewarded for it. But apparently he's been a cheapskate on that front. Because he just isn't very good at it despite all the practice. On today’s Kagro in the Morning show: No fridge in history has ever treated me worse! The “i-word” is back. Greg Dworkin documents the breaking of the dam. Armando relates tales from CAP’s Ideas Conference. Joan McCarter reminds us what’s up on the Hill and how they’re taking Trump news. x Embedded Content YouTube | iTunes | LibSyn | Keep us on the air! Donate via Patreon or Square Cash LINK TO THE STORE 113 Comments Share this article 64 64 64 113 Comments Comment Settings Close Settings Auto refresh Collapse on load Show hidden Show until I hide Comments are closed on this story. ( f ) Recommend ( r ) Reply More hints... ( p ) Parent ( o ) Open/Close ( j ) Next Unread ( k ) Prev Unread ( J ) Next ( K ) Prev Back to Story Show Parent Thread Recommended list Most Shared © Kos Media, LLC Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Privacy Policy Daily Kos Front Page Elections Labor Radio Comics RSS About Masthead History Writers Terms Rules of the Road DMCA Copyright Notice Endorsements Privacy Merchandise Shirts Advertising Advertising Overview Stats for advertisers Contact Media Inquiries General Inquiries Jobs × Close Close Close Save changes
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 3 11 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Target sales slip even as earnings gain Target's  tweaks to its formula,  not enough to keep sales from slipping Post to Facebook Target sales slip even as earnings gain Target's  tweaks to its formula,  not enough to keep sales from slipping   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2qrBdtK {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 3 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Target sales slip even as earnings gain Charisse Jones , USA TODAY Published 7:08 a.m. ET May 17, 2017 | Updated 10 hours ago CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share TheStreet's Action Alerts PLUS Portfolio Manager Jim Cramer said he liked Target's earnings but wasn't pleased that traffic was down. Video provided by TheStreet Newslook Target reports firrst quarter earnings. (Photo: SAUL LOEB, AFP/Getty Images) 3 CONNECTTWEET 11 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE Target's tweaks to its formula for success as a mass merchandiser, which includes smaller stores and more exclusive brands, didn't spell sales growth at the start of the year. But Target was able to boost its profits, earning $681 million for the quarter ended April 29, up 7.7% from $632 million for the same period last year.  Still, the retailer did better than Wall Street analysts expected. coming in at $1.22 per share vs. the projected consensus from S&P Global Intelligence of  91 cents a share. Investors boosted The big issue, however, remains how to grow sales. Target, like other retailers, is struggling to find a way to deal with online behemoth Amazon. It reported Wednesday that sales in stores open at least a year — a key industry measure — slipped 1.3% in the quarter that ended April 29. The store said it was because there were fewer people browsing its stores, while those that did put fewer items in their shopping baskets. ”We’re going to continue to plan our business very prudently,'' Brian Cornell, Target's CEO said in a call with the media on Wednesday. "We know we have a lot of work to do. (Foot) traffic continues to be challenging ” Target's efforts to boost its digital offerings appear to be paying off as well, with comparable digital channel sales up 22%. And in a brutal retail environment that may be boiling down to survival of the fittest, Cornell noted that the dozens of stores being closed by competitors like Macy’s, Sears, The Limited and J.C. Penney leave plenty of customers that are ripe for the taking. "These opportunities are out in front of us,'' Cornell said, adding that there may be at least $45 billion to $60 billion of market share that can be absorbed by surviving retailers. "We’ve got to make sure we’ve got the technology, the supply chain  ... to take advantage  of this unique time in retail where we know there's going to be billions of dollars of market share up for grabs.’’ To that end, Target is playing up its long-held reputation as a trendy and affordable fashion destination, remodeling existing stores, and growing its footprint of small, curated storefronts meant to meet the specific tastes of local shoppers. In April, it continued its popular, frenzy-inducing tradition of offering limited designer collections with a line created by Victoria Beckham. Additionally, it's planning to launch a dozen new brands over the next two years to make its stores the only choice for certain items. Target is remodeling 100 stores this year in a bid to update the look and give shoppers a reason to push away from their laptops. And it has been banking on the continued rollout of smaller stores in dense, urban areas. The retailer had roughly 30 of these smaller stores at the end of last year, and each tailors its products to the particular demands of local residents. Target is also taking on Amazon and Walmart with a new program called Target Restock that offers next-day home delivery of everyday household staples such as detergent and cereal. It's currently being tested by Target staff members living in the area around the company's  Minneapolis headquarters.  Target will expand the service to customers in the Twin Cities during the summer. Amazon and Walmart have similar offerings for their online customers. Target already offers customers the opportunity to pick up online orders from  a store at no extra cost. The bags are packed and ready for pick up within two hours. And Target offers  a subscription program for shoppers that want to regularly purchase basics like toilet paper and soap, sent directly to their homes. Target shares closed Wednesday at $55.04, up 51 cents a share or 0.9%. 3 CONNECTTWEET 11 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2qrBdtK
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SmartREIT Declares Distribution for May 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — TORONTO, ONTARIO–(Marketwired – May 17, 2017) – Smart Real Estate Investment Trust (TSX:SRU.UN) announced that the trustees of SmartREIT have declared a distribution for the month of May 2017 of CDN $0.14167 per trust unit, representing CDN $1.70 per unit on an annualized basis. Payment will be made on June 15, 2017 to unitholders of record on May 31, 2017. SmartREIT offers Canadian unitholders the option to participate in a Distribution Reinvestment Plan („DRIP”), a convenient and economical opportunity to automatically reinvest monthly distributions in additional units without the payment of any commissions, service charges or brokerage fees, at a price equal to 97% of the average TSX market price over the 10 business days preceding the monthly distribution date. Additional information regarding the DRIP is available at http://www.smartreit.com/investing/distributions/. About SmartREIT SmartREIT is one of Canada’s largest real estate investment trusts with total assets of approximately $8.9 billion. It owns and manages 32 million square feet in value-oriented, principally Walmart-anchored retail centres, having the strongest national and regional retailers as well as strong neighbourhood merchants. In addition, SmartREIT is a joint-venture partner in the Toronto and Montreal Premium Outlets with Simon Property Group. SmartREIT is now expanding the breadth of its portfolio to include residential (condominium and rental), office, and self-storage, either on its large urban properties such as the Vaughan Metropolitan Centre or as an adjunct to its existing shopping centres. SmartREIT’s core vision is to provide a value-oriented shopping experience in all forms to Canadian consumers and to create high quality mixed use developments in urban settings. With SmartREIT’s 2015 acquisition of SmartCentres, SmartREIT has transformed into a fully integrated real estate provider. SmartREIT and SmartCentres have had a long and successful alliance, helping to provide Canadians with value-focused retail shopping centres across the country. Now, the alliance has grown even stronger, the result is a fully integrated real estate provider with expertise in planning, development, leasing, operations and construction – all under one roof. For more information on SmartREIT, visit www.smartreit.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Geometry Global and Blippar Announce Global Strategic Partnership to Create „Augmented Retail” Next PostNext Avita Medical Announces Positive Results from Pivotal Trial Search Recent Posts DoYourData Releases New Version of Data Recovery Software to Rescue Deleted/Encrypted Data Esterline Corporation Names Michael Covey to Board of Directors VANC Pharmaceuticals Announces Canadian Distribution Agreement for INSTI® HIV-1/HIV-2 Antibody Test Avita Medical Announces Positive Results from Pivotal Trial SmartREIT Declares Distribution for May 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 9 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Another European grocery chain hopes to score in U.S. The German grocery chain Lidl will open its first stores in the U.S. on June 15. Post to Facebook Another European grocery chain hopes to score in U.S. The German grocery chain Lidl will open its first stores in the U.S. on June 15.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2qsSpPv {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Another European grocery chain hopes to score in U.S. Zlati Meyer , USA TODAY Published 12:19 p.m. ET May 17, 2017 | Updated 4 hours ago Lidl is going to create airy grocery stores like this one (Photo: Lidl) 9 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE America is about to get another German supermarket chain, one that's known throughout Europe but a latecomer in the notoriously tough U.S. market. Lidl, with more than 10,000 stores in 27 countries, will open its first four stores in the United States next month. In the cutthroat U.S. supermarket industry and its razor-thin profit margins, Lidl hopes to score with relatively small stores. They will average 20,000 square feet with six aisles and about 90% of the merchandise will be exclusive brands, according to the company. Among the offerings are certified fresh and frozen seafood, wines, fresh produce and baked goods and organic and gluten-free products. The company released the list of the 20 stores it plans to open in North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia during the summer, but declined to identify which will be among the inaugural bunch. Can it succeed in such a crowded field? "If it doesn't, it won't be because the opportunity is not there," said Jim Hertel, senior vice president of Inmar's Willard Bishop Analytics, a retail food consulting firm. He said there's room in the nation for about 7,000 limited-assortment, smaller format stores like Lidl. The smaller format saves on labor and utility costs and the house-labeled items can be more profitable while still perceived as high quality. By the end of next summer, Lidl (rhymes with "beetle") said it will open 100 stores along the East Coast, creating 5,000 jobs. it joins Aldi in the discount segment, another German chain has already made inroads in the United States, using a similar small-footprint-mostly-house-brands strategy. “We are excited to open our first stores in the United States in a few short weeks,” said Brendan Proctor, CEO of Lidl U.S. “Lidl is grocery shopping refreshed, retooled and rethought to make life better for all our customers....When customers shop at Lidl, they will experience less complexity, lower prices, better choices, and greater confidence.” Lidl is a well-known grocery name in Europe. Here, employees work in the fruits and vegetable on a Lidl supermarket stand at a Paris trade show  (Photo: JOEL SAGET, AFP/Getty Images) Lidl will go up against traditional chains, like Kroger, and more specialized stores, such as Whole Foods Market, as more healthful eating moves to the mainstream. Big-box retailers, such as Walmart, are upping their grocery game. And everyone is competing with online purveyors. "Today, discounters are evolving from stripped-down, no-frills stores to become a genuine alternative for many consumers -- and a major factor in the grocery industry. As a result, they may soon claim up to half of the total share in many markets," the Boston Consulting Group said in its report on how these chains are remaking the worldwide grocery industry. Aldi currently has 1,600 stores in 35 states and plans to have another 400 by the end of 2020, according to the company. Plus, it's planning to spend $1.6 billion to remodel 1,300 of its existing stores. “Competition keeps us sharp and aggressive; we push ourselves to continue to provide more value for our customers," said Jason Hart, CEO of Aldi US. "We’ve seen attempts to beat Aldi prices before and we’ve always been able to go lower. It’s in our DNA to focus on those things customers care most about – great products at the lowest possible prices." Aldi opened its first store in the United States in 1976 in southeastern Iowa. Lidl, which is part of Schwarz Gruppe, established its American headquarters in Virginia in 2015. Follow USA TODAY reporter Zlati Meyer on Twitter: @ZlatiMeyer 9 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2qsSpPv
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 66° Some clouds High: 77° | Low: 62° Ten Day ForecastWeather Alert Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Lost: A special report Schools & Education Community News The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. LePage President Trump Business More in Business Business Breakfast On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports Varsity Maine Awards New England Patriots Boston Celtics Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Society Notebook Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku MaineToday.com Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Business Posted Yesterday at 8:40 PM increase font size Shares of CVS, Walgreens sold off as Amazon weighs pharmacy sales The online giant reportedly is exploring the possibility, sending the stocks of existing drug sellers lower. By Carolyn Y. JohnsonThe Washington Post Share Comment Read Article Investors sold off shares of pharmacy giant CVS Health and Walgreens on Wednesday amid renewed speculation that Amazon would enter the business of selling prescription drugs. As the stock market suffered its biggest loss since before the November election, shares of CVS and Walgreens closed down more than 3 percent, to $76.34 and $81.73, respectively. CNBC reported Tuesday that the online retail giant is considering wading into the complicated retail pharmacy market. The report said Amazon is hiring a general manager to lead a team to explore the idea, but hasn’t made a final decision. An Amazon spokeswoman did not immediately respond to a request for comment. (Amazon chief executive Jeffrey P. Bezos owns The Washington Post.) Selling prescription drugs is a big business in the United States – retail pharmacy is a $400 billion industry, according to an analysis by Adam Fein, president of Pembroke Consulting. The top 15 pharmacies – including CVS, Walgreens, Express Scripts and Wal-Mart – accounted for about three-fourths of all prescriptions by revenue in 2016, Fein said. Fein said he could see Amazon most easily entering the market for patients who pay cash, such as for generic drugs or brand-name drugs with discount coupons from manufacturers. Those patients may choose to pay for the drugs themselves because they’re uninsured or they’re looking for a better deal than what they would get through their insurer, which could force them to pay the full list price before they hit their deductible. The pharmaceutical industry has been criticized for lacking transparency. Drug list prices do not reflect what most people eventually pay for the medicines, and secret rebates and discounts flow between various middlemen in the industry. Many patients who go to fill a prescription have little idea what price they’ll be charged at the pharmacy counter or whether they could get that drug cheaper elsewhere. “Having a new competitor in the market would be great. Having a competitor that would potentially be transparent would be potentially even more interesting,” said Kevin Schulman, a professor of medicine at Duke University who has studied the web of financial relationships between drug companies and patients. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Business Shares of CVS, Walgreens sold off as Amazon weighs pharmacy sales Business Stocks fall on political drama Business Ford to slash jobs as sales level off Business As sales slide again, Target looks to gain from rivals’ bankruptcies Recent Read Shared Mueller has a history of standing up to the White House Wednesday's boys' roundup: York downs Traip Academy in baseball Major league roundup: Tigers power past Orioles Cavaliers thump Celtics to open Eastern Conference finals NHL playoffs: Senators pounce on Penguins Take a look inside the 150-year-old B&M Beans factory in Portland Maine family gives $50 million ‘transformational’ gift to Bates College capital campaign LePage threatens to veto deposit on 'nips,' remove them from Maine stores Portland landowner agrees to remove tiny homes from Bayside, pays fine Shipyard files trademark lawsuit against Missouri brewery over ‘Shiphead’ beer Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret Eagle sickened after feeding on dead animal Southern Maine Transit Tracker seeking feedback on its tracking system 'Anatomy of Innocence' describes incalculable injustices Take a look inside the 150-year-old B&M Beans factory in Portland BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video SF supervisors compromise on affordable housing UC students protest hidden funds, shut down regents meeting Secret GOP tape implies Trump was on Putin’s payroll SMART train, soon to launch in North Bay, releases its schedule News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Asian stocks slide as Trump's mounting woes rattle investors Chicago supporters to honor freed Puerto Rico nationalist Jury acquits Tulsa cop in shooting of unarmed black man Sunnis seek greater say in post-IS Iraq but face resistance Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Amid more misplays, A’s end awful trip with another loss Giants’ Christian Arroyo dealing with first major slump Batting gloves a hit with A’s Stephen Vogt Is incense the sweet smell of success for A’s? Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF Bay Area's wealthiest self-made women, according to Forbes Crowdstrike’s money, Apple’s pizza creation, and YouTube’s Google for Jobs could help people find work, address AI criticism Qualcomm sues Apple contractors as patent dispute escalates A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do ‘Long Haul’ has barf jokes plus a few good laughs The latest from Dear Abby Rap legend Too $hort performs hometown show in Oakland Radio Dreams’: a wry take on adapting to a new culture Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer Bay Brews: Russian River to break ground, goodbye South African Motze to close, become Duna Outside Lands 2017 food and drink lineup announced Reem's bakery opens in Oakland's Fruitvale neighborhood Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Are Alexa and Siri teaching our children to be rude? Is the grass really greener? People who left the Bay Area for the The age you hit your peak for sex, brain power, creativity, more Free stuff you'd only find on Bay Area Craigslist Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Five ways to enjoy Filoli Westin Nanea Ocean Villas offer memories of Hawaii’s royal past New and renovated SF hotels ready for summer season Hangzhou: Dynamic city steeped in ancient mystique Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog This $1.79-million castle in the Santa Cruz mountains has a Wine Country oasis ripe for the picking Tech mogul’s over-the-top $8.95-million Silicon Valley ‘Storybook’ four-bedroom Tudor in historic Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Subaru makes an even sleeker Outback Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Battling depression during your job search Busting through job search fears Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Business-News-Roundup-May-18-11154315.php Business News Roundup, May 18 Chronicle News Services Updated 5:03 pm, Wednesday, May 17, 2017 Tech publisher IDG cuts jobs Boston media company IDG, which runs several tech publications from its San Francisco office, said it cut staff this week. “This was a difficult decision for the company, but we are grateful to those colleagues whose roles have been affected for their many contributions to IDG,” the company said. The Boston Globe reported that more than 90 people lost their jobs, a number IDG would not confirm. China Oceanwide, a Chinese investment group, bought the publisher this year. IDG ceased publication of the print editions of PCWorld and Macworld in 2013 and 2014, respectively. Those titles continue to be published online, along with the Web-only TechHive and Greenbot, out of IDG’s Second Street office. Tablets Latest business videos New models of Amazon Fire Amazon is offering a thinner and lighter version of its cheapest, 7-inch tablet, while shaving $10 off the price of an 8-inch model. Amazon’s bare-bones Fire tablet is now called the Fire 7. It also promises about an extra hour of battery, or eight hours total, and a display with higher contrast and sharper text. The price remains $50. The Fire HD 8 model is now $80, rather than $90. Features are largely the same as before. Amazon has found a niche in the tablet market with lower-cost models, while Apple, Samsung and Microsoft chase professionals with higher-end devices. Both models come with Amazon’s Alexa voice assistant built-in, allowing users to control lights and household appliances, ask for the news or jokes and check the weather. Amazon is also selling a kids’ version of the 8-inch tablet, for $130. It comes with a hardened case for kids and free replacements for two years. Before, a kids’ version was available only for the 7-inch model, for $100. Amazon started taking orders Wednesday for the tablets, which will begin shipping June 7. Automakers VW execs face German probe German prosecutors said Wednesday they’re investigating whether Volkswagen CEO Matthias Mueller and two others, including Mueller’s predecessor, manipulated markets by not releasing information about VW’s diesel cheating soon enough. The probe relates to Mueller and the others’ roles as executives in 2015 at Porsche Automobil Holding, the holding company that controls Volkswagen. They said they’re investigating whether the executives delayed releasing information about VW’s manipulation of software to cheat on emissions tests, and its possible financial implications. Volkswagen has agreed to at least $16 billion in civil settlements with environmental authorities and car owners in the United States, and to a $4.3 billion criminal penalty. Earnings Target posts higher profit Target’s first-quarter profit jumped almost 8 percent as attempts to turn its business around appear to be working. Comparable-store sales fell for the fourth consecutive quarter, but the decline was nowhere near as bad as expected, and online sales grew 22 percent. CEO Brian Cornell is looking for a way to thrive in the face of intense pressure from Amazon.com and Walmart. Target plans to spend $7 billion over the next three years, more than three times its typical capital expenditure, to remodel more than a third of its 1,800 stores, speed up its expansion of small-format stores, bolster online operations and create new brands. Target is using about 1,000 stores for direct shipping in a bid to match the free two-day delivery offered by Amazon Prime. The retailer said Wednesday that it earned $681 million ($1.23 per share) for the quarter that ended April 29. Earnings, adjusted for pretax gains and to account for discontinued operations, came to $1.21 per share, well below the 91 cents that Wall Street had expected according to FactSet. Revenue fell 1.1 percent to $16.02 billion, but still beat out analyst projections of $15.62 billion. Cisco outlook disappointing Cisco Systems, the biggest maker of equipment that runs the Internet, gave a disappointing sales forecast that underscores the challenges facing its multibillion-dollar hardware business during an industry shift toward cheaper, software-based networking. Revenue in the current period may decline as much as 6 percent from a year earlier, the San Jose company said Wednesday. Cisco also said it’s cutting an additional 1,100 jobs on top of the 5,500 it announced in August. CEO Chuck Robbins is trying to recast Cisco as a provider of networking services, reducing its dependence on hardware by offering more software and cloud products that provide predictable revenue. Profit in the third quarter, which ended April 29, was 60 cents per share on sales of $11.9 billion. Analysts had expected 58 cents per share on revenue of $11.9 billion. Chronicle News Services Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. TRUMP TURMOIL Trump can fire special counsel if he wants Everything you need to know about the 'special counsel' DOJ appoints ex-FBI director to lead Trump-Russia probe 'I think Putin pays' Trump, said House majority leader in 2016 Worst treatment ever, Trump grumbles to Coast Guard grads Trump reportedly told Comey to consider jailing reporters LATEST NEWS SF supervisors compromise on affordable housing Group beats, stabs young man in Dolores Park SMART train, soon to launch in North Bay, releases schedule Cisco Systems announces 1,100 more layoffs Orphaned coyote pups rescued in South Bay Leading neo-Nazi site starts publishing in Spanish Creationist suing Grand Canyon over request for rocks NorCal fraternity faces charges after 32 trees cut down Bay Area's wealthiest self-made women, according to Forbes Bay Area's top public companies, according to Forbes UC Berkeley tops Forbes list of best value colleges Bay Area folks who fled to the Northwest tell us how it's going How do rents in Seattle compare with other cities? Lake Tahoe nears maximum capacity; here's what it means Report: Nearly half of Calif. salmon species going extinct What Donald Trump can learn from Richard Nixon Feinstein, Harris gain fresh focus after Comey’s ouster TODAY'S TOP PICKS Wild story of last time U2 played 'Joshua Tree' in Bay Area Japan's Princess Mako to marry legal assistant, become commoner Great to phenomenal: The 20 best Netflix original series Most Popular 1 Group beats, stabs young man in Dolores Park 2 Is the grass really greener? People who left the Bay Area for... 3 Bay Area's wealthiest self-made women, according to Forbes 4 Japan's Princess Mako to marry ocean-loving legal assistant 5 Lake Tahoe nears maximum capacity; here's what it means to you 6 Some U.S. flights to Italy are on sale for $303 round-trip if... 7 Buried treasure? Undrafted Hikutini could stick with 49ers 8 Trump Can Fire Special Prosecutor If He Wants 9 Warriors’ under-the-radar moves pay off 10 Spurs fan files lawsuit against Warriors, Pachulia over... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices Log in Get a demo Tools Case Finder WARC 100 Strategy Toolkit ROI Benchmarker WARC Plus Pitch Builder Advanced Search Topics Topics Industry Sectors Geographies Best Practice Company Profiles Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Homepage Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards Log in Get a demo Back Topics Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences Back Industry Sectors Alcoholic drinks Automotive Business & industrial Clothing & accessories Financial services Food Government & non-profit Household & domestic Leisure & entertainment Media & publishing Pharma & healthcare Retail Soft drinks Technology & electronics Telecoms & utilities Tobacco Toiletries & cosmetics Transport & tourism Geographies Back Africa Australia & New Zealand Canada East Asia France Germany Greater China Italy Latin America Middle East & North Africa Russia & Eastern Europe South Asia South East Asia United Kingdom United States Back Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up Safety, metrics issues dog internet giants News, 18 May 2017 Topics YouTube Facebook Brand safety Online ad fraud NEW YORK: YouTube and Facebook have faced difficulties recently around brand safety and measurement data, and neither appears to have completely resolved the issues, with some major advertisers yet to return to YouTube, and Facebook admitting to yet another metrics glitch. In a blog post, Facebook reported that it had found and fixed a bug that misattributed some clicks on video carousel ads as link clicks. It played down the significance of this, however, saying it had only occurred when people were on mobile web browsers on smartphones, not on desktop or in the Facebook mobile app – this last being most people's preferred option. "The impact from a billing perspective was 0.04% of ads impressions," the post stated, adding that affected advertisers were being credited accordingly. This is the latest in a string of measurement errors going back several months – ten since September last year, according to Marketing Land – but it is the first that has had the effect of advertisers being wrongly charged. The sums involved aren't great, however: the same title cited "a person familiar with the matter" claiming the median amount of money that individual advertisers are being refunded is $10. Keith Weed, Unilever CMO, welcomed Facebook's transparency but added: "It highlights once again that while there has been progress, there is still further improvement needed." That sentiment would seem to apply equally to YouTube's efforts around brand safety. When Barron's Next contacted a dozen companies that had reportedly pulled their ads from YouTube and/or the Google Display Network, it found several major brands had yet to return, including Wal-Mart (to YouTube) and Nestle (to Google/YouTube). Toyota, meanwhile, indicated it was currently running ads only on those channels where they could direct placement, such as Buzzfeed and Discovery. In a related development, the IAB has published a paper – An Evolving Framework for Advertising Automation – to create clarity around programmatic functions and encourage more meaningful conversations among buyers, sellers, and technology vendors. Data sourced from Facebook, Marketing Land, Wall Street Journal, Barron's Next, IAB; additional content by WARC staff Sign up for daily news Latest News Safety, metrics issues dog internet giants News Mastercard tackles brand blocking News Build your own bot, small businesses urged News Internet takes 57% of China adspend News Innovate or die, says struggling media giant News Third of people want mobility, not auto ownership News Social-norms comms help eradicate polio News AI systems learn to tap into emotions View more News and Opinion More from WARC Electric Schlock What we know about marketing on Facebook Resisting the Siren Call of Popular Digital Media Measures: Facebook Research Shows No Link between Trendy Online Measures and Ad Effectiveness Get a demo Topics YouTube Facebook Brand safety Online ad fraud 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Quotebank Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Marijuana Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Marijuana Nation World Photos ID Government Idaho Medal of Honor awarded to the late CdA Police Sgt. Greg Moore UPDATED: Wed., May 17, 2017, 9:19 p.m. By Betsy Z. Russell betsyr@spokesman.com(208) 336-2854 Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS K27 Fallen Officer Memorial Fundraising is continuing for a permanent memorial to Coeur d’Alene Police Sgt. Greg Moore in McEuen Park in downtown Coeur d’Alene, designed “to create a place that will allow residents and visitors to remember and meditate on the sacrifices made by our men and women in blue.” The memorial will include benches and water features; it’s been dubbed the “K27 Fallen Officer Memorial.” Moore’s call letters were “K27.” Donations to the project can be made online at k27forever.com. BOISE – Idaho awarded its highest law enforcement honor, the Idaho Medal of Honor, posthumously Wednesday to Coeur d’Alene Police Sgt. Greg Moore, who was shot to death by a suspect in May of 2015 while he patrolled a quiet neighborhood after midnight. Lt. Gov. Brad Little placed the medal around the neck of Moore’s son, Dylon, 14, who was accompanied by Moore’s father, Fred Moore, a retired police captain from Walla Walla. “It’s kind of a tough time for us,” Fred Moore said after the ceremony, as relatives and well-wishers gathered to offer hugs and support. “It’s been a tough two years.” Coeur d’Alene Police Chief Lee White, who attended the ceremony in the Idaho Capitol rotunda, said, “The community still continues to mourn a hero.” He added, “There’s a lot more I’d like to say,” but White said with the suspect’s trial coming up in September, he can’t, due to a gag order. Jonathan Renfro faces a possible death penalty for the killing; his trial is set to start Sept. 11. Renfro was on felony parole and carrying a stolen gun when Moore stopped to question him and check his identification around 1:30 a.m.; the neighborhood had experienced recent car burglaries. Renfro allegedly shot the officer, leaving him in the street, then stole his gun and patrol car; he was arrested a short time later hiding near a Wal-Mart store in Post Falls. Moore died several hours later at Kootenai Health. His body camera captured the shooting and its aftermath. Moore, 43, was a 16-year veteran of the department and a married father of two. The city is planning a permanent memorial to him in McEuen Park in downtown Coeur d’Alene. Little, who presented the medals Wednesday honoring Moore and two Elmore County sheriff’s officers, Sgt. Kyle Moore and Chief Deputy Mike Barclay, said the medal is for officers who “have distinguished themselves conspicuously by gallantry and courage at the risk of their own lives, above and beyond the call of duty … It’s how we here in Idaho have decided to recognize the men and women who, through their actions and deeds, give new meaning to heroism.” The two Elmore officers pursued an armed suspect in a stolen vehicle after a residential burglary who then abandoned the stolen car and, with the officers chasing him, tried to carjack several passing motorists before turning his gun on the officers. They shot him to death. Addressing an assembled group of family members along with the two Elmore officers, Little said, “The Medal of Honor is the state of Idaho’s highest honor. None of you set out to receive this kind of distinction and notoriety. Yet you deserve all the recognition and gratitude that comes with it.” Each of the three officers, he said, “when called upon without warning, acted with extraordinary heroism.” Updated: May 17, 2017, 9:19 p.m.  Tags: Dylon Moore, Greg Moore, Idaho Medal of Honor, Jonathan Renfro, law enforcement Click here to comment on this story » Most read stories $50 million worth of cars blew into Spokane on Wednesday … Airway Heights residents warned not to drink tap water amid chemical contamination findings from Fai … At Gonzaga commencement, speaker Sherman Alexie tells graduates: Remember your promises … Former Spokane VA officer says he was ordered to stop investigation into Thurman and Marshall deaths … The Spokesman-Review … ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 15-19, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of May 15-19, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – Northbound traffic has been shifted to the two outside lanes within the work zone and the inside (left) lane is closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive). Motorists should be alert for advance warning signs and move to the right lanes well ahead of the work zone. Shoulders are closed, travel lanes are narrowed and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. There may be intermittent lane restrictions and closures on Rio Mills Road near the Berkmar bridge while materials are moved out of the work area under the bridge. Motorists may encounter brief delays. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway Hillsdale Drive Extended – Line Drive is closed at Zan Road for construction of a roundabout. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious RT. 658 BRIDGE TO CLOSE FOR REHABILITATION MAY 22 – Road will be closed for three months; motorists advised to use alternate routes Next PostNext RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 1-5, 2017 Search Recent Posts Home Decorative Material Market – Industry Analysis, Market size, Share, Growth, Trend, Competitive Strategies, Worldwide Demand, forcast 2016 by QY Research Reports Hyaluronic Acid Products Market Is Expected To Reach USD 10,901.5 Mn By 2022, Expanding At A CAGR Of 8.1% From 2016 To 2022: Credence Research Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy Devices Market Is Expected To Reach USD 3,634.5 Mn By 2024, Expanding At A CAGR Of 6.8% From 2016 To 2024: Credence Research Global Digital Camera Lenses Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Global Digital Camera Lenses Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
