Latest View latest happenings Latest News National Sports World Business Entertainment Technology Health Today's Paper Sun April 23, 2017 View Newspaper Opinion Newspost Editorial Karachi Islamabad Lahore Peshawar e-paper e-paper Sun April 23, 2017 Magazines View all Magazines Instep Money Matters YOU US Writer's Archive View all Writers search Home Latest National Today's Paper Trending Kulbhushan Yadavpanama leaksCPECRaddul Fasaad Home Latest National Sports World Business Entertainment Technology Health Oped Opinion Newspost Editorial Writer's Archive City News Karachi Islamabad Lahore Peshawar Magazines Instep Money Matters< YOU US search Today's Paper e-paper Sun April 23, 2017 Toggle navigation Trending: Kulbhushan Yadav panama leaks CPEC Raddul Fasaad Advertisement Can't connect right now! retry add The News to homescreen tap to bring up your browser menu and select 'Add to homescreen' to pin the The News web app Got it! add The News to homescreen tap to bring up your browser menu and select 'Add to homescreen' to pin the The News web app Got it! Print Story X Print Story Business April 22, 2017 Share Advertisement US retailers bet on Congress over Bolivia to thwart Trump border tax issue CHICAGO: Target Corp, Wal-Mart Stores Inc and other retailers are shelving considerations to move supply bases closer to the United States in the face of a possible border tax, banking instead on killing support for the tax idea in Congress. President Donald Trump´s administration plans to impose a 20 percent tax on imports, a levy that, industry officials said, could raise U.S. consumer prices by as much as 25 percent. Last week, the President said he favored an ´import tax´ that could be adjusted to reflect the country of origin´s tax rate for U.S. products. The decision by retailers to forestall supply chain investment in countries such as Bolivia and Romania to focus on lobbying Congress shows how Trump´s ambitious agenda has instilled a new level of risk operating outside U.S. borders. But the vagueness around Trump´s proposals and whether they may ever be implemented means retail industry executives are still not willing to change their operating infrastructure. The Retail Industry Leaders Association, which is leading the industry lobbying effort, has conducted 140 meetings with lawmakers since December, focusing on the costs of a new tax and encouraging lawmakers who oppose Trump´s idea. Prospects for a quick passage of a tax bill took a hit last month when the Republican attempt to overhaul the national healthcare law failed to get a vote in the U.S. House of Representatives. Trump and Republican leaders have said they still intend to pass a healthcare reform law first, casting further doubt on when Congress may consider tax reform. The border tax proposal likely will be "as messy as the healthcare bill," according to Brian Dodge, senior executive vice-president of public affairs for the retail lobby group. Target, for one, thinks the industry´s lobbying efforts are succeeding. "We are working on educating lawmakers and President Trump hasn´t embraced it yet, so we definitely think we are making progress," a senior company official at Target said on condition of anonymity. There is good reason for retailers to fight the tax idea. RBC Capital Markets forecast such a levy could reduce profits of six large U.S. retailers by as much as $13 billion in its first year, with Wal-Mart alone seeing its federal tax bill jump to $16.6 billion from $6.6 billion. Best Buy Co Inc, which relies heavily on electronics imports, could see its earnings completely wiped out, RBC warned. Best Buy declined to comment. Firms with less exposure to overseas suppliers - ranging from off-price chains like TJX Cos and Ross Stores to cosmetics seller Ulta Beauty - would feel less impact than heavy importers like Wal-Mart, Target and Costco Wholesale Corp, analysts and consultants said. TJX Companies and Ulta Beauty declined comment. Ross Stores and Costco did not respond to requests seeking comment. Steve Osburn, director of supply chain for retail consultancy Kurt Salmon, said it is more cost effective to spend on lobbying than on supply chain relocation at this point. Retailers also have other investment needs, especially around winning consumers who want to shop from home. "They are putting a lot of money in e-commerce initiatives to compete online so there are not a lot of funds to spare," he said. One outlier is luxury handbag maker Rebecca Minkoff, which sells its own products and supplies other retailers, like Nordstrom Inc and Amazon.com Inc. The prospect of a Trump border tax factored into its recent decision to supply U.S. customers from Europe as it mitigates logistics costs to supply to the United States, according to Uri Minkoff, the firm´s founder and CEO. "The process has intensified in the past six months," said Minkoff. The decision to bank more on the lobby effort to kill support for the tax idea comes after retailers spent the last few months considering whether to move some of their production to supply bases like Bolivia, Brazil and other South American countries with low wage rates, as well as European countries like Hungary, Bulgaria and the Czech Republic, industry sources told Reuters. Advertisement Comments Comment Advertisement Topstory Sindh cabinet empowers Rangers with ATA for another 90 days Showroom selling made in Pakistan clothes attacked in India Nawaz supporters have brought him to the level of Uzair Baloch: Chandio Three camps of terrorists destroyed in Quetta, Panjgur raids Students held for chanting ‘Go Nawaz Go’ released on PM’s orders View more... see all opinions Opinion Abdul Basit A country in the crosshairs Ghazi Salahuddin No antidote to Panama Hussain H Zaidi Heart of darkness Farrukh Saleem The judgment Malik Muhammad Ashraf Within the law see all opinions Newspost Innovative country Driven to death Mashal’s murder CPEC – our hope Cheaters View more... see all opinions Editorial Investigation matters Remember Mashal Afghanistan attack View more... see all opinions National Pakistani elected King’s College London President Zardari destroyed PPP with his ‘expertise’, says PTI chief Hot weather, contaminated water spread diseases in Nawabshah US paper asks India to end rights’ violations in Kashmir Career counselling: questions and answers View more... see all opinions World France on edge as presidential vote looms Thousands join March for Science rallies over ‘alternative facts’ China’s first cargo spacecraft docks with space lab Hundreds more join Mosul exodus Israeli-American charged for threats to US Jewish centres View more... see all opinions Sports Younis could extend career on team’s request West Ham, Everton in goalless draw Sajjad, Bilal off to winning start in Asian Snooker Championship Bangladesh name Shakib as T20 captain Poor covers delay West Indies, Pakistan Test View more... see all opinions Business ‘Food packaging can attract 1bln euros in investment’ SECP chairman orders probe against market manipulators Netherlands wants to boost trade ties with Pakistan British PM refuses to rule out personal tax hikes Exxon not to get drilling permission in Russia View more... see all opinions Karachi Centre told to explain why funds not released for projects Police guard held over murder of DIG’s son Civil society honours Mashal’s memory ‘Public intellectuals must learn to speak up’ Remand of FIA cop, three others extended View more... see all opinions Lahore Economic agreements signed with China Career counselling: questions and answers UC chairman’s wife commits ‘suicide’ Thesis show opens British High Commission’s photography competition View more... see all opinions Islamabad Threat of gastroenteritis outbreak looms large Nippy, windy day after a trace of rain A true poet... true poetry Jobs urged for national disasters’ victims Eating lunch at work View more... see all opinions Peshawar see all opinions Advertisement PRIVACY POLICY | CONTACT US | BACK ISSUES © 2017 THE NEWS INTERNATIONAL Back To Top
Home E-Edition Classifieds Stepsaver/Observers Citizens News Photo Reprints Contests Employment Dining About Us Advertising Newsroom History Forms Employment Privacy Terms of Use Contact Us Subscriptions Letters to the Editor Editorial and Opinion News Article News Tip Sports Department Website Issues Subscribe Activate Access Home Delivery Subscription Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Top Stories Advanced Search Calendar Weather Webcam Photo Reprints Lottery Contests Traffic Email Updates News Elections Local Election National Election Candidate Profiles Business Connecticut Local Morning 5 National New England Offbeat Today in History World Records Courts Inspections Police Bus Routes Sports The Zone UConn College Local sports MLB NBA NFL NHL Pro Sports Entertainment Arts Best Bets Movies Music Nightlife People Theater TV Lifestyle Wheels Horoscope Family Food Health Outdoors Technology Travel Tide Charts Social Moments Announcements Anniversaries Births Engagements Marriages Obits Opinion Editorials Syndicated Columnists Commentary Letters Your Page Columns Active Outdoors Beer Snob CT-Music Living Here Matter Of Laugh And Death Nature Off Stage Ride CT Sunday Reflections Blogs Gardening Off The Record Throwback Thursday Time Out What’s for Dinner Marketplace Place Ad Jobs Open Houses Legal Ads Dining Guide Coupons Newspaper Ads Special Sections Classifieds Announcements Employment Merchandise Pets & Animals Real Estate for Rent Real Estate for Sale Transportation – Autos Rec Vehicles Services Investment How to get the most bang for your buck at Wal-Mart April 22, 2017 - Business Towns: Bethany CT - no comments By Cameron Huddleston TRIBUNE NEWS SERVICE If you love a great deal, chances are you shop at Wal-Mart. For decades, the mammoth retailer has been known for its bargain-basement prices. In fact, it’s easy to assume that it’s difficult – if not impossible – to shave down those rock-bottom prices a bit more. But that assumption can be a costly mistake. If you know what you’re doing, you can save even more at Wal-Mart. For example, shopping at the right time of day can cut your grocery costs. Download the right app, and your savings can continue long after you leave the store. The following are proven strategies for making sure you get the best prices and save even more money at Wal-Mart. TAKE ADVANTAGE OF WAL-MART’S PRICE-MATCHING POLICY Even if Wal-Mart isn’t offering the lowest price on a given item, you can take advantage of the store’s price-match policy to secure a better deal. Wal-Mart will match any advertised price from stores in your area, said Paul Ivanovsky, creator of IHeartTheMart.com, a blog dedicated to saving money at Wal-Mart. To qualify, the items in question must be identical and in stock at the other retailer. Ivanovsky said the price-matching policy is a great way to save money on items such as fruit, meat and paper products. Additionally, Wal-Mart will match many online competitors’ prices for home goods and other nonfood items. Although restrictions exist, the retail giant will generally match online prices for goods from Amazon, Best Buy, Target and TigerDirect, among other stores. GET ONLINE PRICES IN THE STORE Before you make a purchase in one of its stores, see if Wal-Mart is offering a better price online. The company will match Wal-Mart.com prices when you make in-store purchases. Bethany Halford is a co-creator of the Whoa, wait. Wal-Mart? blog, which features great finds at Wal-Mart. She frequently finds items that have been marked down online but not in the store. To get the better price, Halford pulls the item up on her phone and shows it to the cashier when she checks out. Halford once saved a couple dollars when she found a pair of slippers selling for $12.88 in the store and about $10 online. USE THE SAVINGS CATCHER APP If you forgot to check other stores’ prices before shopping at Wal-Mart, you can still take advantage of the retailer’s price-match policy after the fact by using the Savings Catcher app. After scanning your receipt with the app, Wal-Mart checks competitors’ advertised prices on the same item. If an item you bought is cheaper elsewhere, you will be credited the difference. Savings are in the form of Savings Catcher Rewards Dollars that can be redeemed for a Wal-Mart e-gift card or Wal-Mart Buck$ to be added to a Bluebird by American Express Card prepaid debit card. “Even if you don’t think you bought something that can be matched, you might be surprised at what the Savings Catcher finds for you,” said Dian Farmer of the Grocery Shop For Free website. GET FREE SHIPPING FROM WALMART.COM Shipping costs can quickly negate the savings you might accumulate by shopping online. However, there are two ways you can get free shipping from Wal-Mart.com. If you spend $35 or more online, Wal-Mart will ship your purchases for free. Two-day delivery is available on millions of items, and other goods are delivered in three to five days. Some items and orders under $35 do not qualify for free shipping. You can get around shipping fees on those goods by having online purchases shipped to your local store, said Amanda Jerkins, the other co-creator of Whoa, wait. Wal-Mart? COMB THROUGH THE CLEARANCE RACKS You need to be Logged in to sign up for Express Login. If you rush through your Wal-Mart trips, you might miss out on some of the retailer’s best clearance deals. Typically, deeply discounted items are placed in an aisle near the toy or lawn and garden department, Halford said. When she and Jerkins comb through the clearance racks, they often find that items they were coveting at full price are now on sale for much less. For example, Jerkins said she once found a floor lamp she wanted that was marked down from $45 to $20 in the clearance section. She also recommended checking the end caps on aisles throughout the store for heavily discounted items. SHOP EARLY IN THE MORNING FOR GROCERY DEALS If your local Wal-Mart has a grocery department, you can save money by timing food shopping trips right. Farmer recommends shopping early in the morning to score discounts on one of the priciest food items on your list – meat. “Normally, by 8 a.m., the meat department has discounted their meat, and you can grab some great deals,” she said. Saving on groceries at Wal-Mart is also easier if you know the tricks of the trade. So make sure to learn the tips to save money when grocery shopping. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Pinterest Reddit Tumblr More Skype LinkedIn Pocket Email Print Telegram Related Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. More articles from Business Robotic software sweeping large accounting firms and clients April 22, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Taxes - no comments MINNEAPOLIS – Marna Ricker has her own personal robot. While it doesn’t shoot lasers or clean her Minneapolis office Roomba-style, her “bot” can do some of her digital data dirty work so she doesn’t have to. “I don’t want to… Read Post → Ask Brianna: How do I deal with a mooching friend? April 22, 2017 - Business - no comments Nothing kills a night out with friends like people trying to dodge the check. One person may regularly “forget” his wallet. Another doesn’t protest – ever – when you offer to pick up the tab. Ongoing spending differences may strain… Read Post → Reducing credit card fees can be simple if you ask April 22, 2017 - Business - no comments Getting your credit card company to treat you better may be easier than you think. Nearly 90 percent of consumers who asked their card issuer to reverse a late fee were successful, according to a report by the credit card… Read Post → Big quarter for Webster April 21, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Taxes Towns: Greater Waterbury, Waterbury CT - no comments WATERBURY – Webster Bank is celebrating its 30th consecutive quarter of revenue growth with first quarter earnings up $12.4 million over the first quarter of last year. For the quarter ended March 31 the bank posted net income available to… Read Post → $3M award in suit against drug company over man’s suicide April 21, 2017 - Business - no comments CHICAGO (AP) – A suburban Chicago woman has been awarded $3 million in a lawsuit against a pharmaceutical company she blamed for her husband’s suicide. Wendy Dolin’s husband, Stewart, stepped in front of a Chicago Transit Authority train on July… Read Post → Jim Rossman: Resetting your Apple ID password can sometimes be tricky April 21, 2017 - Business - no comments I got a call from my mother-in-law this week. She usually doesn’t call me directly unless she has a technology problem, and this time, it was a good one. It seems her iPad and her iPhone were both in a… Read Post → SpaceX’s next launch to mark start of new era April 21, 2017 - Business - no comments ORLANDO – An upcoming launch of a government spy satellite for the National Reconnaissance Office will mark the first time the U.S. Department of Defense has used SpaceX for a mission. For at least the last six years, that arena… Read Post → Judge orders Volkswagen to pay $2.8B in emission scandal April 21, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Crime - no comments DETROIT – A judge on Friday ordered Volkswagen to pay a $2.8 billion criminal penalty in the United States for cheating on diesel emissions tests, blessing a deal negotiated by the government for a “massive fraud” orchestrated by the German… Read Post → US home sales shoot up to 10-year high April 21, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Donald Trump, Taxes - no comments WASHINGTON (AP) – Americans purchased homes in March at the fastest pace in over a decade, a strong start to the traditional spring buying season. Sales of existing homes climbed 4.4 percent last month to a seasonally adjusted annual rate… Read Post → For sale: Tiny Oregon town, including 6 houses, closed store April 21, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Social media - no comments TILLER, Ore. (AP) — In the tiny, dying timber town of Tiller, the old cliche is true. If you blink, you might actually miss it. But these days, this dot on a map in southwestern Oregon is generating big-city buzz… Read Post → ‹ Older posts Newspaper Ads Latest News Zuccarello, Rangers eliminate Canadiens 2 hours ago Community Health lawsuit may be addressed at PZC meeting 4 hours ago Police, crime unit investigating death at Cider Mill Crossing in Torrington 4 hours ago Blasting for I-84 reconstruction to resume after winter break 4 hours ago 5 things we learned about UConn football this spring 4 hours ago CategoriesCategories Select Category _Posts Announcements    Anniversaries    Births    Engagements    Marriages    Reunions Blogs    City Beat    Gardening    Off The Record    Pickin’ on Life    Throwback Thursday    What’s for Dinner Campership Cartoon Columns    Active Outdoors    Beer Snob    CT-Music    Living Here    Matter Of Laugh And Death    Nature    Off Stage    Ride CT    Sunday Reflections Community Entertainment    Arts    Best Bets    Movies    Music    Nightlife    People    Theater    TV Featured Gallery    Auto Racing Photo Gallery    College Sports    Graduations    Local Sports Photos    NASA Image of the day    News Gallery    Reader Photos    Social Moments    Top Sports Horoscope Lifestyle    Family    Food    Health    Home    Outdoors    Technology    Travel    Wheels News    Bus Routes    Business    Connecticut    Elections       Candidate Profiles       Election Videos       Local Election       National Election          US Senate and House       State Elections    Local    Morning 5    National    New England    News Videos    Offbeat    Today in History    World Obituaries Opinion    Commentary    Editorials    Letters    Syndicated Columnists    Worth Reading    Your Page Records    Courts    Inspections    Police Special    Honor rolls Sports    Athlete of the Week    Auto Racing    College    Goalzone    Golf    High School       Gymnastics    Hoopzone    Latest on The Zone    Local Sports       Local Sports Videos    MLB    NBA    NFL    NHL    Olympics    Pro Sports    Redzone    Soccer    Sports featured    Sports Gallery    Sports Videos    Strikezone    Sunday Six    The Zone test    UConn       Football       Men’s Basketball       The coaches       The Streak       UConn video       UCWBB Best Ever       Women’s Basketball Top Stories Valedictorians    Valedictorians 2016 Videos Polls Should panhandlers be fined? Yes, it drives people away and hurts businesses No, that violates the First Amendment View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Reader Comments raycity222 on Let consumers decide to forgo unhealthy products raycity222 on Head to head on pot issue krsallen on Woman, 75, restrained during Waterbury home invasion toolmakertomi63 on Cop killer released from death row philthy on Woman, 75, restrained during Waterbury home invasion Towns Barkhamsted Beacon Falls Bethlehem Bridgewater Burlington Canaan Cheshire Colebrook Cornwall Falls Village Goshen Harwinton Kent Litchfield Middlebury Morris Naugatuck New Hartford Norfolk Oxford Plymouth Prospect Roxbury Salisbury Seymour Sharon Southbury Thomaston Torrington Warren Waterbury Watertown Winsted Wolcott Woodbury Lottery Powerball for 04/22/2017 21-39-41-48-63 PB-06Next Drawing: Wed. Apr. 26Next Jackpot: $100.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $62.5 Mega Millions for 04/21/2017 01-12-13-32-34 MB-10 MP-2Next Drawing: Tue. Apr. 25Next Jackpot: $52.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $32.1 Lotto! for 04/21/2017 08-09-13-35-39-43Next Drawing: Tue. Apr. 25Next Jackpot: $1.8 Million; Est. Cash Value: $1,466,000 Lucky for Life for 04/20/2017 04-24-29-44-46 LB-16Next Drawing: Mon. Apr. 24 Cash5 for 04/22/2017 05-12-16-30-31 Upcoming Events Apr 21 Fri all-day Noni Cimino’s Kitchen @ Milford Center for the Arts Noni Cimino’s Kitchen @ Milford Center for the Arts Apr 21 – May 7 all-day Award-winning Pantochino Productions Inc. presents a new musical about a lovable, sharp-witted Italian grandmother. She’ll make you laugh. She’ll make you cry. She’ll make you lasagna. Meet her and the entire Italian-American family in this hilarious, big-hearted new musical about... Apr 23 Sun 7:30 am Pancake Breakfast @ Warren Community Center, Pancake Breakfast @ Warren Community Center, Apr 23 @ 7:30 am – 11:00 am Menu includes all you can eat pancakes, sausage, coffee or tea. Proceeds from the breakfast will benefit the Warren Volunteer Fire Company Women’s Auxiliary Scholarship Fund. Tickets. 10:30 am Yom Hashoah Program @ Harry and Jeanette Weinberg Community Function Hall, Yom Hashoah Program @ Harry and Jeanette Weinberg Community Function Hall, Apr 23 @ 10:30 am Professor Jim Waller presenting, the community welcomed. 1:00 pm Book Discussion @ Oliver Wolcott Library, Book Discussion @ Oliver Wolcott Library, Apr 23 @ 1:00 pm – 2:30 pm “Henry James: A Book Discussion,” with Mark Scarbrough. Open to the public. Free. RSVP. 1:00 pm Litchfield History Museum Exhibit @ Litchfield Historical Society Museum Litchfield History Museum Exhibit @ Litchfield Historical Society Museum Apr 23 @ 1:00 pm – 5:00 pm The Litchfield Historical Society’s new exhibit, “Thoughts, Words and Deeds: Exploring the Litchfield Female Academy,” is open museum days and hours through Nov. 26. The exhibit introduces Miss Sarah Pierce’s school and highlights newly discovered information about the students and... View Calendar Add Add to Timely Calendar Add to Google Add to Outlook Add to Apple Calendar Add to other calendar Export to XML Featured Ads More Featured Ads Comments Popular Today Week Month All Trump spending tens of millions on frivolous pursuits Cop killer released from death row Woman, 75, restrained during Waterbury home invasion Activists seek the max in killing of pet rabbit Panhandling targeted Today Week Month All Woman, 75, restrained during Waterbury home invasion Man arrested in threat to shoot up strip club Waterbury woman accused of stealing $8,000 from relative Burglars tie woman, 75, ransack her Waterbury home Waterbury cop killer taken off of death row Featured Ads Featured Coupons Sign up for Email Updates Email Updates Top Stories Town News Lifestyle News Daily News Update Entertainment News The Zone Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Republican American 389 Meadow St Waterbury CT 06712 203 574-3636 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine Trading the World Trading Nation Earth Week Investing in Megatrends My Success Story Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Retail Consumer Retail Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report As Wal-Mart blitzes Internet retail, debate rages over company's impact on US wages Lauren Thomas | @laurenthomasx3 15 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES David Orrell | CNBC Doug McMillon, president and CEO of Walmart. Wal-Mart, the big-box behemoth where nearly every American shops, is both the U.S.'s largest private sector employer and a consistent lightning rod for controversy. As the Arkansas-based retailer makes inroads in online retail — reportedly near a deal to buy men's web retailer Bonobos and recently offering discounts for items purchased online but picked up in stores — Wal-Mart's social impact is still a hot topic. The company's supporters point to countless jobs it provides to low-skilled workers while selling affordable goods, but detractors fault Wal-Mart's encroachment on small businesses, and how it treats workers. In a number of different ways, Wal-Mart has attempted to move the needle of public opinion in its favor. Stung by years of worker protests, the retail giant boosted its minimum wage to $10 per hour in 2015 — even as critics insist they could go as high as $15. Separately, the company this weeklaunched a "sustainability platform" that aims to curb a gigaton of emissions by 2030. However, Wal-Mart remains dogged by questions about whether it's doing enough to balance business concerns against its commitment to workers and customers. "I mean, if Wal-Mart starts paying its cashiers $20 an hour, people are going to start shopping at places that don't have cashiers ... it's nice to raise people's wages, but you're going to put them out of work." -John Tierney, Contributing editor, City Journal Wal-Mart's chief criticism is in the area of worker pay. In a study last year, the University of California-Berkeley Center for Labor Research and Education estimated that an increase in pay to $15 per hour for Wal-Mart employees would mean an additional $4.95 billion in annual income for the company's nearly 1 million hourly employees. Additionally, a 2015 University of New Hampshire survey found that nearly three-quarters of those polled oppose a broad minimum wage mandate of $15 per hour. Echoing a frequent critique of the minimum wage policy, the survey found that five out of six economists believed it would have negative effects on youth employment levels. Supporters of a higher minimum wage, however, remain undeterred. "Wal-Mart's business model is pretty simple," said Amy Traub, an associate director of policy and research at equality advocacy group Demos, at a recent debate hosted by Intelligence Squared U.S. (IQ2) in New York. "The company pays its workers poverty wages. It offers few benefits, and it manipulates workers' hours and understaffs its stores," Traub said. "That low-wage business model serves one purpose: It's so the company can maximize profits that go to some of the wealthiest people on the planet." Other retailers have shown they can pay workers a living wage, offer good benefits and fair schedules, and still turn a profit, Traub added, citing Costco and grocer Trader Joe's as examples. She charged Wal-Mart with adding to the problem of stagnant working-class wages by wielding its "tremendous influence throughout the service sector." Author Nelson Lichtenstein, also a participant at the IQ2 debate, linked Wal-Mart's wage and business policies to the populist wave that's reshaped the political landscape. "I would say that part of the reason for the political turmoil we're in right now is that for many, many people in the white working class, the sense of predictability has fled from their lives, and Wal-Mart and other competitors who follow the 'Wal-Mart model' are responsible for that," Lichtenstein said. In order to ramp up its online presence and hold the line on costs, Wal-Mart recently said it would slash hundreds of jobs. In total, Wal-Mart has eliminated about 18,000 jobs since early last year, a company spokesman confirmed to CNBC. Sarah Halzack | The Washington Post | Getty Images Ashley Green, 31, talks to a Walmart personal shopper as she retrieves her online grocery pickup order at the chain's Franklin, Tenn., location. 'Robot full-employment act' A few observers have questioned the impact of a higher minimum wage on job creation. In December, the White House Council of Economic Advisors compared employment data for all of the states that raised the minimum wage since the 2009 recession with those that didn't, and found "substantial wage increases with no discernible impact on employment levels or hours worked." Still, not everyone agrees a wage hike would a good idea for Wal-Mart, or serve as a cure-all for the battered retail sector's woes. "No one comes close to Wal-Mart in combating poverty," John Tierney, a contributing editor at Manhattan Institute's City Journal, said at the IQ2 debate, arguing the company is already doing its fair share and more. Richard Vedder, an economist and author of "The Wal-Mart Revolution," said at IQ2, "Wal-Mart lifted many Americans out of poverty by providing goods at lower prices; it has done so by paying billions of dollars, at least $6 billion every year, in federal income taxes, and more billions in sales and property taxes." Tierney and Vedder both argued that Wal-Mart actually doesn't make enough profit to raise its wages much higher without sacrificing its bargain prices. Given the rise of automation in retail, Tierney suggested that the demand for higher wages could hasten the demise of low-skilled jobs. "My reaction when I see these living-wage laws of $15 to $20 an hour, I think they should be renamed 'the robot full employment act,'" Tierney said. "I mean, if Wal-Mart starts paying its cashiers $20 an hour, people are going to start shopping at places that don't have cashiers ... it's nice to raise people's wages, but you're going to put them out of work." show chapters The robots are coming: How the rise of robots will change future jobs reports    Friday, 7 Apr 2017 | 5:30 PM ET | 01:48 Lauren ThomasNews Associate for CNBC Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WMT --- TGT --- AMZN --- COST --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
null
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures crosswords Facebook Twitter business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close Retail industry As more buy clothes online, Walmart eyes a piece of the action A likely deal between Walmart and Bonobos, a hybrid digital/brick-and-mortar menswear brand, may be a sign of the future of retail Inside a Bonobos ‘guide-shop’. Customers can either place orders online or visit one of these shops to have their clothing fitted, then delivered. Photograph: Bebeto Matthews/AP Retail industry As more buy clothes online, Walmart eyes a piece of the action A likely deal between Walmart and Bonobos, a hybrid digital/brick-and-mortar menswear brand, may be a sign of the future of retail Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Edward Helmore Saturday 22 April 2017 07.00 EDT Last modified on Saturday 22 April 2017 07.01 EDT “Founded on Fit, Focused on Style, Built on Service” – that’s the retail promise offered by Bonobos, the men’s e-tailing business that’s being courted by Walmart and idolized by the garment industry as a model for reviving US retail woes. The $300m acquisition of the chain, which has more than two dozen stores or “guideshops” in key cities like Chicago, New York and Atlanta, is likely to be announced imminently, according to industry sources. If the deal is confirmed it will not only place Bonobos 38-year-old co-founder and CEO Andy Dunn at the forefront of Walmart’s online clothing battle with Amazon, but will endorse a hybrid online/bricks-and-mortar vision some hope can be retail’s future. Retail revolution: should cities ban chain stores? Read more US high streets are witnessing a Darwinian winnowing. In recent months hundreds of closures have been announced as retailers including Macy’s, Sears, American Apparel and Abercrombie & Fitch have scaled back their bricks and mortar operations in the face of a shift to online shopping. Bonobos offers an alternative. It operates a small number of stores that act as fitting rooms but do not to fulfill orders on site, only from distribution centers. Their locations carry no inventory – customers try on its slim-fitting, fashion conscious clothes – ranging from T-shirts and jeans to business suits and black-tie – for fit and style, and then have their acquisitions shipped to their home from a central warehouse. The stores are as much advertisement as sales floor. Most of Bonobos’s sales are done online by people who may never have visited one of their stores. It’s an e-tailing hybrid that’s become popular with men, who, broadly observed, do not enjoy shopping or require the same level of consideration as their counterparts. “I always hated shopping. It wasn’t fun, even for me. But here I just want to buy out the store,” said 28-year-old medical student Philip Maynard, outside a Bonobos guide-shop on 5th Avenue in Lower Manhattan. Maynard said it didn’t matter to him that he couldn’t walk out with his purchases. Facebook Twitter Pinterest A Walmart store in Los Angeles, California. Photograph: Jonathan Alcorn / Reuters/REUTERS “They have a good business online, and the stuff comes when they say its going to come, and I’ve never had a problem returning anything.” Bonobos, which was founded in 2007, established its reputation as retailer with jeans and chinos. After several rounds of investment, sales are reported to be around $100m, up from $40m in 2012. The model addresses the online retailers problem of consumers not being able to try on clothes before they buy them, and the traditional retailers issue of delivering good service. As Dunn told Business of Fashion in 2013, he’d worked at Abercrombie & Fitch folding sweaters. “You’re basically the inventory manager of the store, being marginally helpful to to the customers. It’s more of a job about keeping clothes folded than it is about delivering service.” Bonobos true innovation may be challenging the belief that the instant gratification of walking out with a purchase is key to the retail experience. “It’s not,” Dunn said. “It’s has been astonishing how little our customer cares.” The concept started as a Stanford MBA project involving Dunn and co-founder Brian Spaly with the goal to provide men with better-fitting clothes, and specifically to design and produce chinos that eliminate “Khaki Diaper Butt.” Facebook Twitter Pinterest Dunn recognized it could be the internet company he was looking for. As he told Coverteur: “Sometimes the future is rooted in the past, which is sort of counter-intuitive. If you think about old school menswear, it was about the tailor around the corner and that one-to-one relationship you had with that person. We are bringing that back.” They started with a show room in New York, followed by a 500 sq ft store in Boston. Dunn realized they’d hit on something. “All of a sudden, it was like, this is it, it’s going to be these small, service-driven experiential stores where you have one-on-one service and where you keep out the complexity of a lot of inventory, but you can access this incredibly wide assortment.” Seattle is the testing ground as Amazon eyes its next big idea Read more In lower Manhattan, a store associate explained that by not worrying about back of house stuff like inventory they can focus on customer service. “If you’re fitted for one suit, then you’re measurements are good for all out different suits. That makes it easier – they get sized once and don’t have to come back in unless they want to. Customers may stop by every few weeks and get a couple of things, or the men who come in once a season and we just wardrobe them.” But, she cautioned, the system might not necessarily work for women, whose requirements around style and color and sizing are more intricate and nuanced. Nor will the Bonobos model solve the retail sector’s larger problems, which accounts for around one in 10 American jobs, or the blight affecting the US main street or its declining system of shopping malls. Since October, more than 89,000 retail positions have been lost. According to some estimates, the sector is on track to lose more stores this year than during the great recession of 2008, its problems accelerating even as a consumer confidence is high and unemployment low, suggesting the changes are systemic and not cyclical. Facebook Twitter Pinterest An Amazon Go shop, currently a beta program, in Seattle, Washington. The high tech convenience store will open to the public early in 2017. Photograph: Paul Gordon/Zuma Press / eyevine But the Bonobos deal illustrates the accelerating arms race between Amazon, valued at $423bn, and Walmart, valued at $222bn. Wall Street might love Amazon more but the Arkansas-based retailer far exceeds Amazon in earnings – $13.6bn last year to Amazon’s $2.4bn – and it is aggressively expanding its online businesses. Last September, Walmart completed a $3.3bn acquisition of the discount and deals-driven shopping site Jet.com. It has gone on to pay $70m for footwear online retailer ShoeBuy and $51m for outdoor e-tailer Moosejaw, and agreed the acquisition of Modcloth, a vintage-inspired womenwear producer. Jet.com founder Marc Lore, now president and chief executive officer of Walmart’s e-commerce arm, rationalized that smaller brands would gain visibility on the larger platforms. “So suddenly what was a certain size business now, overnight, becomes that much bigger,” he told WWD. Amazon, meanwhile, has been pumping up its high-end online offerings, making deals with brands including Levi Strauss & Co. Meanwhile, “real” shops are suffering. Outside Bonobos of 5th Avenue, Philip Maynard explained that he used to shop at J Crew and Brooks Brothers but had since switched. “I love the stuff and its perfect for me,” showing off a pair chinos. “It’s fashionable and work-appropriate. It’s half tech and half friendly and approachable.” Topics Retail industry Walmart Amazon news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Business › Retail industry back to top business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Henry Winkler and Ron Howard lead tributes to their Happy Days co-star Erin Moran after actress who played feisty teenager Joanie Cunningham dies aged 56 'of a suspected heroin overdose' Tragic last photos of 14-year-old and his grandmother who went missing while hiking in the Grand Canyon are discovered after search crews find his GoPro attached to his backpack Facelift at Fox: How James and Lachlan Murdoch fired Ailes and O'Reilly and are now set to battle for control of dad Rupert's 'band-of-pirates' empire North Korea arrests US citizen at Pyongyang Airport after he had been in the country for a month to discuss relief efforts Seasoned Ironman triathlon competitor, 54, dies after going underwater during the swimming portion of the event Two people are arrested after Milwaukee child, four, dies of a suspected opioid overdose Trump is greeted by fans at his Washington hotel as he dines with Melania, Ivanka and Treasury Secretary Mnuchin ahead of next week's major tax announcement North Korea WILL launch a nuclear strike if Trump attacks, warns foreign ministry spokesman who promises 'death-defying' victory against the American 'Imperialists' FBI Director James Comey 'distrusted former Attorney General Loretta Lynch because she tried to play down the investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails' President Trump and Melania insist on personally awarding Purple Heart to Afghanistan veteran after being 'so moved' by his bravery as they visit military hospital Koala-ity time with the family! U.S. Vice President Mike Pence cuddles up to native Aussie animals at Sydney zoo with his girls in a relaxed end to his trip Hillary Clinton makes surprise appearance at Tribeca Film Festival as panelist for new Kathryn Bigelow movie and talks about her work to save elephants from poachers Revenge of the nerds: Scientists outdo one another across the country with hilarious signs for the March for Science protesting Trump's research and EPA budget cuts 'You're out of your element, Donald': Scientists march worldwide against Trump's budget cuts and 'growing anti-research sentiment' - with support from celebs including Rosario Dawson, Kate Walsh and Bill Nye 'Economic growth enhances environmental protection. Jobs matter!’ Trump fails to mention climate change in Earth Day statement in marked change of tone from Obama  EXCLUSIVE: Running the country! Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump return from their morning jog in the rain near their home in Washington DC Rupert Murdoch phones Trump every week to talk strategy and commiserated with Sean Spicer over Hitler and 'Holocaust Center' gaffe  Carter Page denies Russia used him to infiltrate the Trump campaign as it's revealed the president's lawyer told him to 'cease' calling himself an adviser Trump will mark his 100th day in office with a 'BIG' rally in Pennsylvania that also clashes with the White House Correspondents' Dinner 'I think Trump edited that himself': President is mocked for tweeting bizarre patriotic video celebrating American charity worker freed from Egyptian jail EXCLUSIVE: Mel B and her nanny were lovers, had sex 'multiple times a week' - and it was former Spice Girl and NOT her husband who pressured the teen into making threesome sex tapes, bombshell lawsuit claims Mel B steps out for lunch with daughters Madison and Phoenix as former nanny claims in bombshell lawsuit they were 'lovers' and 'had sex multiple times a week' 'She was one of their targets': Rita Ora reportedly declined Mel B and Stephen Belafonte when they asked the singer to partake in a threesome 'You are an inspiration to children and for that you should be proud!' Atlanta Falcons wide receiver Mohamed Sanu receives heartwarming note from passenger praising his conduct Previous Next The miserable life on the run of teacher and the 'brainwashed' 15-year-old he kidnapped: Pictures show how they holed up in a furnitureless cabin, cooked on a barbecue and slept on the floor Tad Cummins, 50, was arrested after he had been on the run for more than a month after kidnapping former student Elizabeth Thomas, 15 A 29-year-old cabin caretaker originally from Tennessee helped police in northern California arrest him The caretaker, Griffin Barry, says Cummins and the girl came through the area two weeks ago looking for a commune They came back on Tuesday, when the commune turned them down   Barry says he let the two stay in one of his unfinished cabins in exchange for work Cabins had no furniture and the teacher and his kidnapped student slept on the floor Wednesday night, a neighbor showed Barry a picture of the missing couple and he immediately recognized them  He then called 911 and police arrested Cummins in a raid the next morning    By Ashley Collman and Ariel Zilber For Dailymail.com Published: 23:16 EDT, 21 April 2017 | Updated: 08:57 EDT, 22 April 2017 e-mail 778 shares 220 View comments A Tennessee teacher who spent over a month hiding in a cabin with his 15-year-old student subsisted on meager items as law enforcement was actively searching for him. Tad Cummins, 50, was taken into custody Thursday morning by a SWAT team who surrounded the unfinished cabin in Cecilville, California where he was staying with missing teen Elizabeth Thomas.  According to an inventory of items confiscated from the cabin by the FBI, there were four bedrolls, two vacuum filters, coconut oil, and socks. The FBI also confiscated beer cans and tissues. Scroll down for video  Tad Cummins (left) said he was 'glad' that his month-and-a-half flight from justice was over when he was arrested for allegedly kidnapping Elizabeth Thomas (right) Thursday Cummins and Thomas subsisted on meager items during the course of their stay in the cabin According to an inventory of items confiscated from the cabin by the FBI, there were four bedrolls, two vacuum filters, coconut oil, and socks. The FBI also confiscated beer cans and tissues Saw this in cabin. What FBI investigators confiscated from Cabin where accused kidnapper and teacher Tad Cummins stayed w 15-year-old. pic.twitter.com/gCa2a0nGKJ— Sara Sidner (@sarasidnerCNN) April 22, 2017 The northern California caretaker who helped police arrest Cummins has spoken out to detail how he helped police arrest the fugitive. Police got a tip about Cummins' whereabouts the previous night from the caretaker of the cabin, 29-year-old Griffin Barry.  Barry, who is originally from Nashville, said he let the couple stay in the cabin in exchange for work and realized who the two were when a neighbor showed him a picture of Thomas' missing person poster.  That's when it all came together for Barry and he called to tip off police. Looking back, he said there was something suspicious about the couple.   Griffin Barry, 29 (pictured), helped police arrest Cummins when he noticed him in a missing persons poster Cummins continued to drive his Nissan Rogue the whole time, but removed the license plates 'She spoke very few words and he would try and like, talk for her a lot,' Barry told KRCR. 'He was likely clearly keeping her separate.'  Barry says the two first came through the area two weeks ago, looking for the Black Bear Ranch Commune, and were going by the names John and Joanna.  The couple, claiming to be 38 and 24 years old, had run out of gas and Cummins told a sad story about how they lost all of their possessions in a house fire in Colorado and didn't have any money left. So Barry decided to be a Good Samaritan, and gave Cummins money, gas and directions to the commune.   'I put some gas in his car and gave him $40 dollars and said if it doesn’t work come back I’ll feed you, you know what I mean?' Barry, 29, told WKRN.  Cummins and Thomas did in fact make it to the commune, but the members there sensed something was off with the two and decided against letting them into the group.  Found: The pair were found in one of these cabins in a remote section of northern California after the shack's caretaker recognized Cummins' car. He called police on Wednesday Barry let the couple stay in one of the unfinished cabins after they were turned down from a commune in the area  Above, investigators at the scene of the cabin on Friday  'I feel a little funny because there were all kinds of indications that there was something a little funny going on never occurred to me that she was 15 year old, they said she was 22, I thought…yeah,' member Peter LaughingWolf said. LaughingWolf said that after telling Cummins that they wouldn't be a good fit, he stormed off with Thomas.  'What really should have been a clue that something was wrong was that he got so angry when that was shared with them,' added LaughingWolf.  After getting kicked out of the commune, Cummins and Thomas returned to Cecilville on Tuesday, and Barry offered to let them sleep in one of his unfinished cabins in exchange for work. 'In my head I'm thinking he had a house fire and lost everything,' Barry said. 'I came out here on a prayer and people helped me out and got me on my feet and hopefully I can pass it on.' Fled: The pair fled 2,500 miles over the course of their journey, cops said. Police said they didn't know if Thomas was willing to go with Cummins, but that it didn't matter, legally Barry, right, appeared on Good Morning America Friday morning to detail how he helped police nab Cummins  Thomas' family appeared on Good Morning America on Friday, saying they had not yet been able to talk to her. Pictured bottom left is Elizabeth's father Anthony  THE PAIR'S FLIGHT FROM JUSTICE January 23: Tad Cummins is spotted kissing Elizabeth Thomas, his student at Culleoka High School, by another student. He denies the claim, saying that they are friends; she is taken out of his classes February 3: Cummins is reprimanded by the school principal after Elizabeth is found to have entered his classroom for around 30 minues February 6: Cummins is suspended  c. March 9: He takes out a $4,500 loan on his car March 12: Cummins buys hair dye from Walmart in Columbia, TN March 13, 7:45am: Thomas is dropped off at Shoney's in Columbia by a friend March 13, 8am: Cummins is seen pumping gas in Columbia March 13, noon: Cummins and Elizabeth are seen together in Decatur, AL, around  70 miles from Columbia. He is fired from his job this same day March 15: Cummins and Thomas are seen buying food at a Walmart. They are sporting dyed hair. This is their last sighting for more than a month March 30: Tad Cummins' wife of 31 years, Jill, files for divorce April 19: The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation (TBI) is contacted by caretaker Griffin Barry, who says the paid is staying on his property in Cecilville, California April 20:  Police converge on the remote cabin, arrest Cummins and confirm that Elizabeth is safe Barry said he rarely interacted with Thomas during the couple's 36-hour stay at the property.  'He would talk for her a lot and kept her separate, you know,' Barry told WBIR. 'And a couple of times he always kept her in the car and he would be like 'she's asleep,' you know, and I'm like okay. I was kind of telling some people , you know, she never really looks at me and she's always talking for her. I was like, whatever, they're on hard times or something." It wasn't until Wednesday night that he finally recognized Cummins and the girl, when a neighbor showed him a missing persons picture.  'Someone was showing me a picture, I was telling them you know and said 'That's the guy,"' he said. 'So we called 911 last night and we were calling that Tennessee Bureau of Investigation line or whatever so I guess the first sheriff got out here at about 2am.' The neighbor reportedly got suspicious about the couple's car, a silver Nissan Rogue. It was the same car the couple went missing in, and the plate's had been removed.  After using the car's vehicle identification number to confirm it belonged to the ex-teacher, SWAT teams formed a perimeter around the cabin and waited for Cummins to walk out around 4am. After a while, they brought in Barry to help speed up the process.  'I was driving by trying to flush him out. [Sheriff's deputies] were like, "honk the horn!"' Barry said. 'I'm glad I got to help.' As Cummins was taken into custody, he reportedly remarked 'I'm glad this is over.' Thomas was 'healthy' and 'unharmed' according to police, and had a mixed emotional reaction. 'It was an intense situation,' Lt Behr Tharsing, of the Siskiyou County Police, told Good Morning America on Friday. 'She was laughing, she was crying, she was kind of an emotional rollercoaster as you can imagine.' Two loaded handguns were found in the cabin. Last sighting: The pair's last sighting before the arrest was at an Oklahoma Walmart on March 15 (pictured). They had died their hair to help evade capture Jason Whately, the attorney representing the Thomas family, believes that the pair had intended to keep driving northwest. Maps were found in Cummins' car for both San Francisco and Baltimore.  Both remain in Siskiyou County as of Friday morning. After an interview with police, Thomas is expected to be sent home to her family in Tennessee Friday morning. Her father, Anthony, told Good Morning America on Friday that the family still hasn't been able to speak to Elizabeth yet and that he believes she may have been brainwashed.  Cummins was set to appear in Siskiyou County court on Friday, but that appearance was cancelled. Instead, he has been put in federal custody and is being moved to Sacramento where a new hearing is scheduled for Monday. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Two Tennessee men try to run each other over in insane brawl Found! Cops rescue 15-year-old student from her Tennessee... 'I'm glad this is over': What teacher who kidnapped... School teacher, 56, tried to seduce a 16-year-old student Share this article Share 778 shares He has been charged with aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor in Lawrence County, Tennessee. The aggravated kidnapping charge carries an eight to 12 year sentence.  In Siskiyou County, California, where the cabin is located, he may be charged with kidnapping and possession of stolen property, pending review by the county's district attorney. And the US State Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Tennessee has also filed a federal charge of transportation of a minor across state lines with intent of having criminal sexual intercourse. A criminal complaint released Friday has also revealed new details about Cummins.  It says that before leaving town, he refilled his Cialis prescription - a drug that treats erectile dysfunction. He also picked up KY Jelly, a personal lubricant, during a stop at Walmart in Oklahoma with Thomas.   That charge alone has a mandatory minimum sentence of ten years in prison. It could take several weeks for Cummins to be extradited to Tennessee, said US attorney Jack Smith. Cummins, 50, who is married and has two daughters and grandchildren, allegedly abducted his former student on March 13 from her home near Columbia, Tennessee. The two, who were thought to be in a sexual relationship, were last spotted two days later. Their last confirmed sighting prior to the arrest was at a Walmart in Oklahoma, 700 miles away from home, after they had both dyed their hair. Court papers filed recently in the girl's disappearance say she was afraid of the teacher and thought she would face repercussions at school if she resisted him. When asked at a press conference if she had gone willingly, Gwyn said the question 'didn't matter'. 'At the end of the day she's 15 years old, she's 15 years old, she's a young girl that's with a grown man that's 50 years old. 'He needs to be held accountable for kidnapping this girl,' he said. Speaking to DailyMail.com Thursday, Elizabeth’s relieved mother said: 'All I want to do now is hug and kiss her.' Kimberly Thomas, 48, feared she might never see the 15-year-old girl again after she vanished more than five weeks ago with her married teacher. 'It's only been a little over a month but to us it has felt like forever,' Thomas told DailyMail.com. 'I just lost my mother, she died of an aneurysm. She never had high blood pressure before but this was terribly stressful for her. She never got to hear her granddaughter was OK. 'As for Mr Cummins, I don't even want to think about him right now. All I can think about is my daughter and the fact she is safe.'  Elizabeth lived with her father, Anthony Thomas, because Mrs Thomas has been prevented from having contact with her because of an ongoing abuse case that is yet to go to court. However, the mother-of-ten, who only learned her daughter had been found from a news bulletin, says she will ask her attorney to see if they can get special permission to speak. 'The justice system has been very unfair to me throughout this ordeal. Nobody has told me anything. This is my daughter we are talking about,' she added. Speaking to reporters last month, Jill Cummins, wife of the disgraced teacher, said that she had been close to Thomas before the pair ran away. 'She would come to him with her problems,' Jill said, adding that she and her husband - whom she is now divorcing - would sometimes take her to church. 'In fact, I called her our third daughter sometimes,' Jill said. CRIMINAL COMPLAINT GIVES DETAILED TIMELINE OF COUPLE'S MONTH ON THE RUN  New details are being released about Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas, the Tennessee teacher and student who were found hiding out in a remote California cabin on Thursday after more than a month on the run. On Friday, a copy of the FBI's criminal complaint against Cummins was released, detailing the events leading up to the alleged couple's March 13 disappearance and what authorities know so far about their weeks on the lam.  Maury County Police first learned about the couple's illicit relationship on January 30, from the school resource officer assigned to the Culleoka Unit School. The officer relayed that a 12-year-old student told him he or she walked into a classroom and witnessed Cummins kissing Thomas on January 23. 'The student described the kiss as a romantic peck rather than a father-daughter type kiss,' Detective Jonthan R. Hardison wrote in the complaint. The student said that he or she went to confront Cummins with another student after school. 'The student related that Cummins rambled on and on about how much he loved his wife, but indicated that [Thomas] sometimes went to church with him and his wife and that [she] had a troubled past,' the report says. On January 31, detectives interviewed Thomas about the allegations, and she said the two never kissed. She told officers that she went into Cummins classroom after getting into an altercation with another teacher about using the bathroom and that he comforted her. Thomas 'advised that Cummins possibly held both of her hands around the wrist area and may have been close to her face at the time, telling her she needed to calm down'. That same day, Thomas' father let officers look at his daughter's cellphone, and they saw that she had been in 'brief contact' with Cummins that day. Officers interviewed Cummins the next day, and he too denied that they had kissed, saying that instead he was like a 'father figure' to the girl. Cummins was allowed to keep teaching at the school while the district investigated the claims, but just two days after his interview with police, he got in trouble again for being with Thomas in a classroom. A school official called police on February 3, saying that the two had been alone in a classroom for 30 minutes, despite Cummins' orders to stay away from the girl. Detectives reviewed surveillance footage and found that the two had indeed been in a classroom together, and that other students were present. The school suspended Cummins on February 6 for the matter. It's still unclear when exactly Cummins started plotting his escape with Thomas, but he did refill his Cialis prescription - a drug that treats erectile dysfunction - three days before leaving, his wife Jill revealed. He also took out a $4,500 loan a week before his disappearance, which was supposed to help him and his wife get by while he was out of the job. His wife said that she noticed the money missing after her husband left. Police believe Cummins and Thomas met up at Shoney's Restaurant in Columbia, Tennessee the morning of March 13. A friend reportedly picked up Thomas from her house and dropped her off at the restaurant around 8am. Meanwhile, surveillance footage showed Cummins filling his wife's Nissan Rogue up with gas at a Shell station next to the restaurant around 8:30am. He was seen leaving the station five minutes later in the direction of Shoney's. The morning that Cummins went missing, he lied to his wife about going to a job interview at the Williamson County Medical Center. When she returned home, she found a note from her husband saying he was 'travelling to Virginia Beach or the D.C. area to clear his mind'. 'He said he would be back and urged his wife not to call the police,' the complaint says. 'Cummins denied doing anything wrong and asked his wife to forgive him.' Mrs Cummins followed the letter and did not call police that night. But Thomas' father immediately got police involved, calling to report his daughter missing around 10:30pm that night. Mr Thomas told officers that he feared his daughter might be missing with Cummins. The following morning, around 7:30am, Mrs Cummins finally called to report her husband missing. She told police about the letter he left behind and the missing money. She also added that two handguns, clothes and some toiletry items were also missing from the home. After an Amber Alert was issued for Thomas, tips started streaming into the FBI hotline. One of the early reports came from a Motel 8 employee who found Tad Cummins' name in the national database.  Police learned that Cummins stayed at a location in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma on March 15 and 16, renting a room with a single queen-sized bed. Employees at the location said that Cummins asked for directions to a Walmart. Police later obtained surveillance footage showing the two shopping at a Oklahoma City Walmart on March 15, in which they bought hair dye to alter their appearance. After checking out of that Motel 8 on March 16, the couple moved west to Guymon, Oklahoma - about a five hour's drive away - where they checked into another Motel 8. Again, they rented a room with only one bed, and stayed there for a night - checking out on March 17.  They also shopped at another Walmart, this time picking up women's razors, chocolate, cheese cubes and KY Jelly - a personal lubricant used for sex. Police reportedly obtained surveillance footage of this March 16 trip but have not released it to the public. Cummins was finally taken into custody on Thursday, after police received a tip from a caretaker in northern California, who said the two were staying in an unfinished cabin on his property.  FULL CRIMINAL COMPLAINT:     Read more: Cabin caretaker called in tip about Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas | WBIR.com 'I'm glad this is over': Tenn. teacher accused of kidnapping girl arrested in Calif. - CNN.com Missing Tenn. student Elizabeth Thomas found, former teacher Tad Cummins arrested in California - ABC News Man who lent cabin to kidnapper says he called authorities - KRCR Nashville native helped lead police to Tad Cummins, Elizabeth Thomas | WKRN News 2 Share or comment on this article e-mail 778 shares Most watched News videos Mom sobs after AA flight attendant 'violently took her stroller' Dramatic footage of fight between Somali pirates and cargo ship Pit bulls maul man as he saves his own dog from vicious attack Ferry smashes into port wall after engine failure in Gran Canaria John Trode tells off chef Lisa Allen for nearly double dipping Bleeding child screams in aftermath of 'Russian air force' bomb Terrified Chinese student mauled by a cheetah on guided tour GRAPHIC: Horrifying moment pit bull attacks toddler in street Adorable orphaned baby kangaroo is inseparable from her pouch French police officers arrest a man in attempted knife attack Cha-cha-charming: Toddler's funky dance sends her toppling over Hilarious moment cat is inspired by Houdini to escape from lead Bone cancer victim, 20, lies in the dress and make-up she... Henry Winkler and Ron Howard lead tributes to their Happy... EXCLUSIVE: Teacher on the run with his student, 15, spent... Dramatic footage captures a deadly firefight between... EXCLUSIVE: Mel B and her nanny were lovers, had sex... Stevie Wonder leads the droves of A-list guests arriving... Auctioneers expect a rousing reaction as a rare,... Saturday Kitchen causes a stir after host John Torode... North Korea could destroy the world with just THREE bombs... Diner publicly shames her cheating boyfriend after... How the emotional outpourings of the two 'self-absorbed'... Ferne McCann's lover is arrested on suspicion of... Ferry smashes into a port wall on Gran Canaria leaving... Tory lead is slashed in half after tax U-turn: Bombshell... Did Madeleine McCann wander off and have an accident? Was... Passengers flee in panic as knife-wielding man is tackled... President Trump and Melania insist on personally awarding... EXCLUSIVE: Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump return from... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 220 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Henry Winkler and Ron Howard lead tributes to their Happy Days co-star Erin Moran after actress dies aged 56 'of a suspected heroin overdose' Suns out, (baby) bump out! Pregnant Kayla Rae Reid shows off her growing belly during Malibu beach day with fiance Ryan Lochte Posted a bikini photo Girls night out! Lena Dunham cuddles up to her mom at the premiere of My Art at Tribeca Film Festival Teamed chunky sneakers with her dress 'She is outnumbered by toddlers and dogs...OMG!' Kris Jenner shares snap of Kathy Griffin as she babysits North and Saint West She looked surprised Simply radiant! Sharon Stone channels '90s chic in lace dress as she attends the Orange Ball to benefit Lupus LA She is one of 23 celebrity ambassadors Tied up in knots! Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries wears bizarre corset as she DJs in a $450 T-shirt for Earth Day Unusual look Home sweet home! Cindy Crawford nails casual chic as she shops for furniture with pals in Hollywood Looks like she is getting a home makeover Hailey Baldwin flaunts her cleavage in sultry pose wearing sexy peekaboo swimsuit after Coachella parties Showcased her incredible figure Fierce fashionista! Hailee Steinfeld shows off girly glam in tulle mini dress at JDRF Imagine Gala in LA Clad in a long-sleeved embroidered tulle dress It's a slam dunk! Kobe and Vanessa Bryant look the glamorous couple as they step out for premiere of Dear Basketball New York City premiere Yeah mom! Gwen Stefani rocks a 'Jamaica no problem' T-shirt as she runs errands with son Kingston Rossdale  Sepped out in California Effortless chic! Jessica Alba dons simple linen jumpsuit and khaki jacket as she enjoys fun day of shopping with daughters Casual chic Family day out! Nicole Richie wears floral caftan for grocery shopping with her two kids and sister-in-law Cameron Diaz Spotted shopping in LA Love triangle: Kylie Jenner is caught holding hands with Travis Scott at Coachella... after awkward run-in with former flame Tyga She is moving on  Bat dad! Chris Martin channels Caped Crusader in casual shirt as he steps out in Malibu with Apple and Moses The Coldplay frontman looked like a kid at heart Soccer mom! Jennifer Garner flashes her pins in denim shorts as she takes her children to sports practice The mother-of-three looked radiant Mel B steps out for lunch with daughters... as former nanny claims in bombshell lawsuit they were 'lovers' and 'had sex multiple times a week' Just the girls! Kristen Bell spends Earth Day with her daughters as they enjoy outdoor event at LA's Griffith Park Protected her face with a straw hat Melanie Griffith looks fab in floral frock at star-studded gala for The Humane Society in LA The well styled blonde beauty wore her hair up Showing him what she's got! Jennifer Lopez, 47, flashes her bra with sheer green dress as she joins Alex Rodriguez, 41, for dinner in Miami White hot! Charlotte McKinney flashes cleavage and legs in white blazer dress at premiere of Literally, Right Before Aaron Sizzling on the red carpet Oh how we laughed! Uma Thurman and Zac Posen get the giggles as they attend the premiere of the House Of Z They struggled to keep their composure Wedding prep! Ashley Greene and fiance Paul Khoury treat themselves to a couple's mani pedi in Beverly Hills  Spent their Saturday getting pampered Mellow yellow! Elizabeth Moss radiates in a draped dress for the Tribeca Film Festival premiere of Tokyo Project Summer ready Malia Obama shows off her nineties street style while out with a friend in New York City  She headed for lunch at a restaurant in New York City on Saturday Natural beauty! Gisele Bundchen frolics by the beach in tiny string bikini as she leads the stars on social media with Earth Day snaps Looking sensational  'There's nobody freaking out if something happens to me': Dance Moms' alum Abby Lee Miller reveals nerves ahead of weight loss surgery A very modern look! Ariel Winter sparkles in embellished thigh-skimming minidress as she attends the 2017 Tribeca Film Festival Dazzling appearance Leggy and lovely! Baywatch's Alexandra Daddario dazzles at film's SlowMo Marathon in LA She is promoting the upcoming film Going strong! Leggy Selma Blair looks ready for summer in t-shirt and shorts as she enjoys day out with beau Ron Carlson Down time Hat girl! Paula Patton looks effortlessly good as she enjoys a giggle on Vancouver set of new show Somewhere Between Playing it sun safe Joanna Blooper! Real Housewives of Miami star Krupa falls victim to a gust of wind as she flashes her nude underwear while stepping out for dinner 'We have our things that bother each other': Actress Elsa Pataky reveals hubby Chris Hemsworth DOES have flaws Hollywood power couple She chopped her hair off! Pinup Erika Eleniak, 47, shows off short blonde locks at Baywatch event where she mingles with Zac Efron Fabulous at 59! Andie Macdowell is a timeless beauty as she flaunts her age-defying figure in chic dress at movie premiere Still turning heads She doesn't age! Playboy vet Donna D'Errico, 49, looks sensational at Baywatch reunion 20 years after leaving the TV series Still stunning  Tickled pink! Kelly Rohrbach stuns in figure-hugging blush dress at Baywatch Slow Motion Marathon Baywatch movie is set for theaters next month 'Love your body the way it is!': Demi Lovato claims she used 'no filter, no edit' while posing makeup-free in teeny bikini Has never looked better  His anniversary gift! LeAnn Rimes poses in skimpy red bikini as she celebrates six years of marriage with Eddie Cibrian Little red two piece 'I've spent a lot of time in Africa': Reese Witherspoon expresses her fondness for elephants as she speaks out against poaching 'She was one of their targets': Rita Ora 'declined Mel B and Stephen Belafonte when they asked her to partake in a threesome' Three years ago Arnold Schwarzenegger cuts dapper figure in a striped blazer as he preps for flight to Brazil for his annual sports festival 'I'm so used to it which is almost a sad thing to say': Kylie Minogue, 48, opens up about pressure to look young after revealing she's ditched Botox Blac Chyna wears waist trainer and workout gear in latest Instagram snap...after showing off her impossibly tiny waist Post baby weight loss Ronda Rousey confirms engagement to MMA fighter Travis Browne as she posts hilarious Instagram snap 'Just engaged' Inseparable! Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez are as stylish as ever while heading into airport in Miami She slid on a nude turtlenecked sweater Not exactly Perfect Strangers! Sitcom co-stars Bronson Pinchot and Mark Linn-Baker reunite for radio interview after 24 years 'Hi, piggy!' Chrissy Teigen gives baby Luna cute Snapchat filters as they take off with John Legend Had a bit of fun with her one-year-old daughter Keeping it in the family! Britney Spears shares rare photo of her brother Bryan with her two sons He may stay out of the limelight, but Bryan is still a big part of her life Proud parents-to-be! Star Wars actor Oscar Isaac is the picture of happiness as he supports pregnant girlfriend Elvira Lind at film premiere 'They're always the worst': Elisabeth Moss talks about her 'awkward' sex scenes in The Handmaid's Tale Says no actor enjoys filming sex scenes 'A pretty stupid thing to say': Chris Pratt backpedals from remark that blue-collar Americans aren't represented in Hollywood Mel B and her nanny, 18, were lovers , had sex 'multiple times a week' - and she pressured the teen into threesomes claims bombshell lawsuit  The Queen takes on Mary Berry with a drop scones recipe she used when Eisenhower visited in 1959 in a new Buckingham Palace teas cookbook  'A true prince': Zachary Quinto writes heartfelt tribute to dog Noah after the pup's passing The 39-year-old actor said goodbye to his dog of 14 years this week Her business look! Jessica Simpson flashes her cleavage in low-cut top she pairs with black pantsuit at New York summit for her brand Cindy Crawford, 51, Christie Brinkley, 63, and Gigi Hadid, 21, share their first Harper's Bazaar covers to celebrate 150 year anniversary of magazine That just-rolled-out-of-bed look: Kesha tries to pass off a skimpy silk and lace slip as a dress while heading into LAX airport Flying in comfort Harry styles it just like Jagger: Same clothes, same pout and even the same taste in women.... no wonder Mick's fed up with his One Direction mini-me  'Nipple clamp ready': Kourtney Kardashian raises eyebrows as she shows off sex toy on Snapchat Reality star's very risque new purchase  How the emotional outpourings of the two 'self-absorbed' young Princes over the death of Diana have left the father who brought them up 'perplexed' He's married! Wizards Of Waverly Place star David Henrie ties the knot with beauty queen Maria Cahill in LA as Selena Gomez looks on Happy day for couple  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Now even Posh's mother learns The Victoria as she poses with one foot in front of the other and an arm hid down by her side  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: No wonder Catherine Zeta-Jones is a smooth operator... her bathroom cabinet is full of expensive lotions and potions  Date night in LA! Selena Gomez and The Weeknd take in John Mayer's concert as their relationship hits six month mark Still going strong Ravishing in red! Selena Gomez sizzles in skintight gown to attend wedding of Wizards Of Waverly Place co-star David Henrie  'Can't wait to sing for you and see all your looks!': Lady Gaga shares new makeup face tattoo for second weekend of Coachella Shared her new look The Kardashians are 'set to film themselves watching the Caitlyn Jenner special on KUWTK in revenge for her spilling their secrets' The thighs the limit! Pregnant Beyonce shows off her growing baby bump in mini dress and thigh highs combo for Instagram photo shoot He's 'Eternal': Cuba Gooding Jr pays touching tribute to his late soul singer father by posting the cover of his Greatest Hits album on Instagram 'He really likes her!': David Spade, 52, has 'fallen' for new girlfriend Naya Rivera, 30... as the actors are seen on steamy dinner date in LA Getting serious  Keeping Up With The Kleavage! Kris Jenner, 61, flashes her bra in risque semi-sheer bodysuit... after ex Caitlyn dishes the dirt on their marriage Kourtney Kardashian angers tweeters who call her 'immoral' after she wears a fur coat while joking she is having a 'a mental breakdown' Einstein does a Night Manager - and exposes the gravity of his depravity: Physicist has a very intimate embrace with his secretary in new TV series Genius  Enjoying her pregnancy! Serena Williams lounges on the beach in Mexico after announcing she is 20 weeks along with first baby Mel B's nanny Lorraine Gilles 'claims Spice Girl told her to "do the right thing" in handwritten note... weeks before filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte' What's his secret? Sylvester Stallone, 70, looks shockingly youthful and fit as he steps out for lunch in Beverly Hills with yellow shirt Family time in the Big Apple! Claire Danes and Hugh Dancy take their son Cyrus and Hugh's father Jonathan for a stroll in NYC Family day out  Jenna Dewan Tatum stuns in sheer black dress to support husband Channing Tatum at opening of Magic Mike Live in Vegas 'My vacation is always more beautiful when I'm next to my beautiful wife': Patrick Dempsey shares sweet note one year after reconciling with ex It's official! Deadpool 2 starring Ryan Reynolds as the Marvel anti-hero lands a release date The actor reprises his role as the disfigured anti-hero 'Many times I have spent nights crying': Kyle Richards confesses the nasty fights on Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills 'stress' her out 'I'm not dating him!' Tyga's rumored new squeeze Jordan Ozuna hits back at claims she is dating the rapper following his split from Kylie Jenner Talented Yorkshire superfan, 13, plays Shape Of You for Ed Sheeran backstage at his sell-out concert... after singing Photograph at her mother's funeral  Mariah Carey and ex husband Nick Cannon spark rumors of a romantic reunion after heading out for dinner for the second day in a row 'I look at all the other coaches and think am I the only normal one here?': UK The Voice's Boy George 'can't avoid' clashing with 'weird' judges 'I loved what she said': Ryan Murphy reacts to Olivia De Havilland's statement she has 'no memory' of the 1963 Oscars depicted on Feud Keep it under your hat! Cara Delevigne covers her newly cropped hairstyle under a cap... after revealing she will 'shave her head' for latest film role Stevie Wonder leads the droves of A-list guests arriving for lavish $250,000 wedding of Rory McIlroy and Erica Stoll (but complains that Ireland is a 'bit cold') Get ready for more Avatar! James Cameron reveals FOUR sequels will be coming out in the next eight years The world will be full of Avatar movies  'My tube is on YouTube!' John Cena and Nikki Bella bare all as they strip down to celebrate having 500,000 video subscribers  Red hot! Leggy Khloe Kardashian flashes the flesh in skimpy lingerie couture as she steps out in LA The reality star looked ravishing in red Paris Jackson shows off her enviable model figure in casual crop top and quirky boho skirt as she heads to a John Mayer concert in LA Out with her mini me! Michelle Monaghan takes daughter Willow, eight, to art gallery event in West Hollywood Debut of Terrazzo Work by Carly Jo Morgan  She's timeless! Andie MacDowell, 59, flaunts her age-defying figure in plunging glittering gown as she arrives at Groundhog Day musical In New York City  EXCLUSIVE: Laurence Fishburne's daughter Montana 'ranted about Trump, her porn career and was sexually explicit while being arrested for DUI'  Jonah Hill continues to display his slimline physique as he steps out in New York City in a sporty bomber jacket and beanie hat Cut a stylish figure  Zayn Malik shakes off his boy band image as he smokes and drinks at 'wildest house party imaginable' in new video for Still Got Time... and there's a MONKEY too  Glee(ful)! Lea Michele looks in good spirits as she steps out in bright fuchsia kimono and ripped jeans ensemble Bright and sunny  Sheer brilliance! Gisele Bundchen flaunts her famous figure in a VERY revealing black lace jumpsuit World's reigning top model for 20 years 'I dated him, too!': RHONY's Sonja Morgan admits fling with Owen Wilson after confessing she romanced Jack Nicholson Romantic revelation  KK Undercover! Kourtney Kardashian sports blonde wig as she interviews strangers in Hollywood for Jimmy Kimmel Live! Recognizable celebrity Pink to make the boys wink! Curvaceous Iskra Lawrence flashes her toned tummy in floral crop top and casual baseball jacket as she steps out in New York So money can buy love? Tyga seen purchasing an almost $4,000 Chanel bag... just a day after cozying up with Kylie look-a-like Jordan Ozuna That's one expensive bathroom break! Amy Schumer buys a salesperson a mattress as a thank you for using a store's restroom  Lavish gift  Blast from the past... Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in '90s inspired ensembles for John Mayer's concert Vintage get-up gear   Mel B 'filmed her former nanny having sex with her husband during threesomes' the woman claims as she accuses the star of branding her a 'homewrecker'  Mel B's ex Jimmy Gulzar claims she 'threatened to report their daughter Phoenix, 18, missing' in a bid to 'block her from seeing him' 'He took the p*ss out of me': Jai Courtney shares how Russell Crowe poked fun of his acting to make him into a formidable star Suicide Squad star  'We're fine with each other': Caitlyn Jenner talks ex-wife Kris as she reveals she's become distant with some of her children in 20/20 interview     DON'T MISS I am disappointed in Donald: Caitlyn Jenner hits out at Trump over LGBTQ rights but admits she DID vote for him in new interview with Diane Sawyer 'I call people like they are': Kim Zolciak slams co-stars who 'haven't grown in five years' as she prepares for RHOA comeback She left in 2013 Doctor Who star Peter Capaldi joins fans in March For Science protest... a week after show's first gay companion is showered with praise Claire Danes oozes understated elegance as she showcases her slender physique in a strapless black cocktail dress at plush Tiffany bash Beauty in blush! Sofia Vergara pairs nude tank with leather skirt as she heads to a dinner in West Hollywood She is known for her form-fitting ensembles Legs eleven! Emily Ratajkowski shimmers in red dress at Marie Claire Fresh Faces event in LA The 25-year-old stunner looked amazing Jurassic World sequel shoots rain-drenched scene involving a helicopter in a forest in the UK... as Chris Pratt asserts that the movie will be 'a lot darker' Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off washboard abs in white bikini as she enjoys pool time fun with husband Channing She slipped into a teeny tiny white bikini 'It's the best option': Elsa Pataky reveals plans for her and husband Chris Hemsworth to form their own production company  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Brooklyn Beckham takes his flashy new $45,000 Land Rover for a spin in London... after receiving FOUR parking tickets last year Heidi Klum bares her body as she gets bronzer applied to her cleavage for racy lingerie shoot She donned a skimpy number for a shoot 'It's awful, but it's not fatal': Patton Oswalt pens a touching tribute to his late wife, Michelle McNamara on the first anniversary of her sudden death Baby, it's cold outside! Newly single Hilary Duff rugs up as she heads out on the town in New York  Walked through Tribeca on a night out  Mandy Moore dazzles in purple sequin dress for Marie Claire's Fresh Faces event in West Hollywood This Is Us star looked radiant  Keeping it cool! Actress Rose Byrne rocks an edgy leather jacket over her dainty floral frock at the Tribeca Film Festival Rocking the red carpet  Pink lady! Kiernan Shipka steps out in satin pink gown and silver peep toe heels as she supports new show Feud  Mad Men actress  Jamie Lee Curtis, 58, puts on a glamorous display in a smart blazer and tailored trousers as she joins Jake Gyllenhaal at Tribeca Film Festival screening Tom Jones embraces the sunshine as he runs errands in Beverly Hills while enjoying a well-deserved break in LA Legendary singer Jetsetter! Heidi Klum cuts a casual figure in white trousers and black Gucci hoodie at LAX... after flashing the flesh for lingerie shoot On the move non-stop  That's my name! Kristin Chenoweth dazzles in emerald mini dress with low-cut neckline...and totes custom clutch Highlighted her legs  Walking On A Dream! Australian band Empire Of The Sun set the stage ablaze with their second neon-soaked performance at Coachella  Actor Edgar Ramirez plays a gored Gianni Versace as cameras roll on American Crime Story in LA Bloodstains and missing flesh All black everything! Salma Hayek dons leather pants for 11th Hour showing at NYC's Tribeca Film Festival The Frida star, 50, looked amazing  Star in stripes! Kelly Rowland flaunts her physique in figure-hugging black outfit as she heads to lunch in Beverly Hills Back in America 'I was not supposed to die that day': The Biggest Loser's Bob Harper opens up on heart attack that nearly killed him Says fate intervened Amy Adams keeps it casual as she cuddles up to husband Darren Le Gallo on Beverly Hills stroll She enjoyed the day off in Beverly Hills on Friday Surrogate for hire! Kim Kardashian shows flat post-baby tummy as fellow reality star Shawna Craig offers to carry her child (and yes, she's serious) Still a punk at heart! Sex Pistols star John Lydon cosies up to wife Nora as he jokes around at his documentary premiere during the Tribeca Film Festival EXCLUSIVE: Meet Tyga's new squeeze: Jordan Ozuna's 'obsessed' with Kim Kardashian, modeled for Kanye, and went on a date with Justin Bieber Blonde bombshell Lottie Moss shows off her tiny waist in plunging crop top and heavily ripped jeans for night out Very toned abs  The future's looking bright! Cody Simpson is a picture of content as he beams for his waiting fans at airport  Beamed for his waiting fans at LAX Airport  It ain't easy being green! Sofia Richie looks serious as she color coordinates her athleisure  The 18-year-old did not seem her happy self Private Prince: Never-seen-before pictures of reclusive megastar give a rare insight into the everyday life of tragic virtuoso one year on from his death That looks familiar! Katy Perry channels Kim Kardashian as she rocks platinum blonde braids and plunging one piece  Inspired EXCLUSIVE: 'That night she was definitely matchmaker': DJ Ruckus reveals how Paris Hilton brought him together with fiancée Shanina Shaik EXCLUSIVE: Bill O'Reilly is seen for first time since his $25 million firing by Fox News over sexual harassment claims - wearing sweatpants and slippers A dream in green! Eva Longoria flaunts toned torso in jade bikini as she hits the beach on vacation in Hawaii with hubby José Bastón Looking good at 42 In the name of fashion! Olivia Culpo flashes her legs during photo shoot in West Hollywood Back to business for the 24-year-old who was seen posing for a shoot What a bag, lady! Jessica Simpson carries a big blue tote as she rocks the boho chic look on outing with hubby Eric Johnson in New York City Bringing the glam! Reese Witherspoon dazzles in ultra chic emerald green gown as she flashes hint of cleavage at Tiffany & Co. bash Frill seeker! Jennifer Hudson stands out in bold yellow mini-dress as she joins fellow A-listers for Tiffany & Co. event in NYC Star-studded event Pajama party! Doutzen Kroes is effortlessly cool as she wears loose-fitting pantsuit at Tiffany & Co event in New York Comfort and fashion 'Springing into the weekend!' Ivanka Trump posts adorable photo of Arabella leaping off the steps of the White House Her oldest child Nicole Scherzinger is 'in talks for starring role as Elphaba in the movie adaptation of Wicked'... after impressing with stellar West End performances Dressed to impress! Elisabeth Moss and Alexis Bledel step out in two stylish looks at premiere of their series The Handmaid's Tale They looked stunning Leggy day out! Yolanda Hadid highlights her svelte frame in skinny jeans with a knitted sweater for solo outing in NYC Former model William and Kate's life behind palace doors: Royals open up about watching Homeland with a curry, partying with rapper Tinie Tempah and texting radio DJs  They could be sisters! Melanie Griffith looks fabulous at 59 as she steps out in ripped denim with gorgeous daughter Stella, 20 Good genes Looking sharp! Scarlett Johansson suits up in polka dot blouse to interview director John Favreau for Tribeca Talks series She means business FIRST LOOK: New images from fifth season of House of Cards hint at a reinvigorated Frank Underwood Sneak peak Tucker Carlson takes charge: Fox News host selects Caitlyn Jenner for first interview as network superstar moves into Bill O'Reilly's primetime perch Kennedy Summers posts texts from Jeff Withey she claims show him admitting to abuse along with photo of a large bruise on her leg  Sent out Thursday night Cuba Gooding Jr returns to work with Jaden Smith the day after his soul singer father died of 'suspected overdose' Set of his new film Out of this world! Rob Lowe dons astronaut suit with white wig and facial hair for new gig as KFC's colonel He met the chicken pioneer as a child Charlotte McKinney oozes elegance in floor-length coat and sparkly stilettos as she climbs the Empire State Building to promote new film 'We'll take your f***ing house': Sherry Lansing threatened to bankrupt 'shaken' Mike Myers after learning Wayne's World 2 script was based on a 1949 film  Katherine Heigl's troubled career takes ANOTHER hit as Unforgettable projected to bomb at box office She plays demented divorcée Tessa Her majesty! Margot Robbie set to star as Queen Elizabeth opposite Saoirse Ronan in new Mary Queen of Scots movie New role Clowning around! Madonna shares silly selfies with twin daughters Stella and Esther Adopted twin girls from Malawi in February EXCLUSIVE: Kelly Osbourne reveals how a guy threw a Subway foot-long at her head calling her 'a fat b***h' and her horror at seeing her parents flatline  Mel B is using our divorce to alienate me from our daughters, claims her ex: Singer's estranged husband says armed cop could keep him in line on visits  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Pippa Middleton recruits Kate's celebrity crimper for her intimate wedding  Less than a month away Pretty in pattern! Dakota Johnson cuts a relaxed figure in colorful midi and mules for Santa Monica shopping trip with pup Zeppelin Looked summer ready PLATELL'S PEOPLE: Kate risks ridicule by playing the victim as she bares her soul on being lonely as a new mother 'You do feel isolated,' she admitted How will Kate counter Markle's sparkle? They're both beauties but Meghan has copied the Duchess's curls with a cooler twist  Are they really so alike? Twinkle, twinkle! Lena Dunham dazzles in silver mini-dress at Variety's  Power Of Women luncheon in New York City Showed unique style PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Hail that 'flu' diet! Kim Kardashian swaps Virgin Mary look for racy underwear on the sidewalk after losing 6lbs 'I always wondered why you peed sitting down': Kris Jenner reflects on marriage in chat with Caitlyn... but talk of ex's final surgery turns awkward  Christina Ricci stuns in sheer number as Dianna Agron is elegant in pink coat for Chanel gala at Tribeca Film Festival in New York Pair looked perfect  She's got a spring in her step! Chelsea Clinton smiles as she models a floral frock while being honored at Variety's Power of Women luncheon Emily Ratajkowski plays the girl next door in cute blue gingham dress on rare outing with boyfriend Jeff Magid Covered up Liv Tyler discovers a biracial relative and a Civil War ancestor as she appears with Aerosmith rocker dad Steven on Who Do You Think You Are? Revealed: Miley Cyrus 'has secret role' in Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol 2 It's one of the most eagerly anticipated movies of the year Pretty Little Liars' Shay Mitchell takes fans inside 'overwhelming' Coachella experience, complete with glam squad, lavish mansion and lots of VIP parties Aaron Hernandez 'murdered Odin Lloyd to keep his bisexuality a secret after the victim teased him about being a "schmoocher"' Died on Wednesday Today's headlines Most Read Henry Winkler and Ron Howard lead tributes to their Happy Days co-star Erin Moran after actress who played... Tragic last photos of 14-year-old who went missing with his grandmother while hiking in the Grand Canyon are... Facelift at Fox: How James and Lachlan Murdoch fired Ailes and O'Reilly and are now set to battle for... North Korea arrests US citizen at Pyongyang Airport after he had been in the country for a month to discuss... Seasoned Ironman triathlon competitor, 54, dies after going underwater during the swimming portion of the... Two people are arrested after Milwaukee boy, four, dies of a suspected opioid overdose Trump is greeted by fans at his Washington hotel as he dines with Melania, Ivanka and Treasury Secretary... North Korea WILL launch a nuclear strike if Trump attacks, warns foreign ministry spokesman who promises... FBI Director James Comey 'distrusted former Attorney General Loretta Lynch because she tried to play down... President Trump and Melania insist on personally awarding Purple Heart to Afghanistan veteran after being... Koala-ity time with the family! U.S. Vice President Mike Pence cuddles up to native Aussie animals at... Hillary Clinton makes surprise appearance at Tribeca Film Festival as panelist for new Kathryn Bigelow movie... Revenge of the nerds: Scientists outdo one another across the country with hilarious signs for the March for... 'You're out of your element, Donald': Scientists march against Trump's budget cuts and 'growing... 'Economic growth enhances environmental protection. Jobs matter!’ Trump fails to mention climate change in... EXCLUSIVE: Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump return from their morning run in the rain near their home in... Rupert Murdoch phones Trump every week to talk strategy and console Spicer after Holocaust gaffe Carter Page denies Russia used him to infiltrate the Trump campaign as it's revealed the president's lawyer... Trump will mark his 100th day in office with a 'BIG' rally in Pennsylvania that also clashes with the White... Trump releases bizarre patriotic video celebrating American charity worker freed from Egyptian jail EXCLUSIVE: Mel B and her nanny were lovers, had sex 'multiple times a week' - and it was former Spice Girl... Mel B steps out for lunch with daughters Madison and Phoenix...as former nanny claims in bombshell lawsuit... 'She was one of their targets': Rita Ora 'declined Mel B and Stephen Belafonte when they asked her to... 'You are an inspiration to children and for that you should be proud!' Atlanta Falcons wide receiver Mohamed... More people tend to kill themselves during allergy season in the spring and early summer Smuggler is caught with six vials of human semen he was trying to sneak into Laos to be used by surrogate... EXCLUSIVE: Teacher on the run with his student, 15, spent 10 days at clothing-optional Californian commune... Taliban insurgents disguised in army uniforms kill up to 140 Afghan soldiers at a military base  Deputy shoots suspect during confrontation on Florida interstate early Saturday morning MORE HEADLINES Henry Winkler and Ron Howard lead tributes to their Happy Days co-star Erin Moran after actress who played feisty teenager Joanie Cunningham dies aged 56 'of a suspected heroin overdose' EXCLUSIVE: Teacher on the run with his student, 15, spent 10 days at clothing-optional Californian commune pretending to be married John, 44, and Joanna, 24, having sex on filthy mattress - but quit because of 'Christian beliefs' before arrest Bone cancer victim, 20, lies in the dress and make-up she selected for her COFFIN after making her last wish to ‘die beautiful’  Dramatic footage captures a deadly firefight between American mercenaries and Somali pirates as they try to hijack a cargo ship President Trump and Melania insist on personally awarding Purple Heart to Afghanistan veteran after being 'so moved' by his bravery as they visit military hospital North Korea could destroy the world with just THREE bombs warns, Kim Jong-un’s ‘Ambassador to the West’  EXCLUSIVE: Mel B and her nanny were lovers, had sex 'multiple times a week' - and it was former Spice Girl and NOT her husband who pressured the teen into making threesome sex tapes, bombshell lawsuit claims 'It the four things I hate all in one sentence': Anthony Bourdain doesn't hold back on his opinion of Starbucks new Unicorn Frappuccino Tragic last photos of 14-year-old who went missing with his grandmother while hiking in the Grand Canyon are discovered after search crews found his GoPro attached to his backpack Auctioneers expect a rousing reaction as a rare, Victorian sex toy made for a wealthy wife as a gift from her loving husband goes up for sale Stevie Wonder leads the droves of A-list guests arriving for lavish £200,000 wedding of Rory McIlroy and Erica Stoll (but complains that Ireland is a 'bit cold') EXCLUSIVE: Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump return from their morning run in the rain near their home in Washington DC How the emotional outpourings of the two 'self-absorbed' young Princes over the death of Diana have left the father who brought them up on his own ‘perplexed’ – as he’s ‘airbrushed out of the narrative’  Teenage male model who appeared in advert with Naomi Campbell is found dead just days before he was due to climb Mount Everest  Enormous Russian parachute bomb destroys Syrian village leaving frightened children covered in blood and debris EXCLUSIVE: Laurence Fishburne's daughter Montana 'ranted about Donald Trump, her porn career and Michael Jackson, and made sexually explicit comments to cops while being arrested for DUI' police report claims North Korea WILL launch a nuclear strike if Trump attacks, warns foreign ministry spokesman who promises 'death-defying' victory against the American 'Imperialists' North Korea threatens nuclear war with Australia saying the country is 'within range' of Kim Jong-un's missile arsenal and warning Malcolm Turnbull not to cosy up to Trump's U.S.  Horrifying moment cheetah mauls a terrified Chinese tourist visiting a South African big cat reserve Aaron Hernandez's casket arrives at his Connecticut home as his family prepares for a quiet funeral service  Passengers flee in panic as knife-wielding man is tackled by police at Paris' Gare du Nord Eurostar terminal just days after terror attack rocked France  'You're out of your element, Donald': Scientists march against Trump's budget cuts and 'growing anti-research sentiment' - with support from celebs including Rosario Dawson, Kate Walsh and Bill Nye Ferry smashes into a port wall on Gran Canaria leaving five people injured after a power cut lasting just two minutes causes engine failure  Actor Chris Pratt backtracks after social media uproar following his assertion that Hollywood doesn't represent 'blue-collar' Americans  'You shoot and you hope it's bigger than what's in the frame': Striking images from famed photojournalist Eddie Adams's new book Harry styles it just like Jagger: Same clothes, same pout and even the same taste in women.... no wonder Mick's fed up with his One Direction mini-me  'I used to be scared to fly because I thought the plane would crash. The good ole days': Twitter explodes after American Airlines flight attendant 'whacks a mother in the head with a metal stroller' Unrepentant Ilie Nastase says his  'joke' that Serena Williams' baby would be 'chocolate with milk' was lost in translation as he is escorted off court for calling British tennis player a 'f**king b***h' - reducing her to tears MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
More Sites Times News Legals Autos Local Ads TV Listings INFO My Profile Subscribe Logout Law Enforcement Sections / Search Subscribe Info + Help Help Celebration Forms info Corrections FAQs Submit A News Tip Write a Letter to the Editor Info Advertise With Us Carrier Application Contact Us Deadlines and Policies Statewide Public Notices Subscribe Legal Comment Policy Copyright Information Privacy Policy Terms of Service More Jonesborough Herald & Tribune Kingsport Times-News Mountain City Tomahawk The Erwin Record Now Law Enforcement Home All Updates Quick Obituaries Arrested Contests Mountain Hops Local News Legal Notices Read the E-JCPress GO Tri MAIN |+ News Local Business Courts Education Health Care History Law Enforcement Nation Politics State Weather |+ Opinion Blog Column Editorial Letter to the Editor |+ Announcements Anniversary Community Engagement Obituary Wedding |+ Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Motorsports Softball Track & Field |+ Entertainment Art & Culture Fairs & Festivals GoTri Events Music |+ Lifestyle Cooking Faith Fashion Health & Fitness Hobbies & Interests Parenting Pets Seniors |+ Classifieds + More Autos Boats Classifieds Homes Jobs Rentals More Photos Videos Newsletter Member Rewards Games & Puzzles Local Ads Special Sections Elizabethton Police Department Parking lot incident extends from Murphy USA to Long John Silvers John Thompson • Apr 21, 2017 at 10:07 PM jthompson@johnsoncitypress.com ELIZABETHTON — There are a lot of interconnecting parking lots in the west end of Elizabethton from Walmart through the Elk Crossing Shopping Center, but police said they were still able to capture a man who they said was trying to elude them in the spacious lots. Police identified the driver as Jason Edwards, 38, 151 Sarah Annie Drive, Johnson City. He was eventually taken into custody and transported to Sycamore Shoals Hospital for medical evaluation. His vehicle was seized because his driver's license was reportedly revoked on a DUI charge. Witnesses said the incident began at the Murphy USA gas station at 998 Overmountain Drive, when a gray Oldsmobile pulled out of a parking space and struck a vehicle that was being fueled at the gas pump. The owner of the damaged vehicle said the driver of the Oldsmobile was slumped in his seat and denied striking any vehicles. Witnesses reported the Oldsmobile headed east toward Lowe’s Home Improvement. Officers then reported seeing the vehicle driving east in the parking lot of Big Lots, 791 W. Elk Ave. Elizabethton Police Officer James Stevens conducted a traffic stop in the Big Lots parking lot, but before he could get out of his vehicle, he said the Oldsmobile sped away, heading toward Elk Crossing. Stevens then followed at a safe distance and speed. Officer Dustin Johnson said he saw the Oldsmobile enter the Elk Crossing parking lot very recklessly and at a high rate of speed. Johnson said he turned on his siren and emergency lights, but he said the driver of the Oldsmobile did not obey the emergency signals and continued to travel through the parking lot at a high rate of speed to Zaxby’s and around the front to the Cash for Gold building. Johnson said the vehicle then turned eastbound on West Elk Avenue. Cpl. Trevor Salyer said the vehicle then turned into the old Long John Silver's parking lot, striking a curb, then crashed into a sidewalk and handrail. Charges in the incident were pending Edwards’ release from the hospital. Recommended for You Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Get Email Newsletters Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Add Us On Google+ RSS Feeds Most Commented Stories Johnson City Press Videos
Post Register Sunday April 23, 2017 41 °F SERVICES TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE. CALL 208-542-6777 | Search Services | Log In News Top Headlines Local News West Nation & World Commentary Learning The News Business Shoptalk People in Business Food & Home Outdoors Idaho Trails In the Woods Ticket Smart Living Sports High School College Pro PR Preps Obituaries Farm & Ranch Classifieds Announcements Automotive Employment Farm & Agriculture Merchandise Pets & Supplies Real Estate Recreational Vehicles Rentals Service Directory Jobs Real Estate Local Local First Events Restaurants Weather More Legal Notices Photos eBooks Contact Us Newsroom Staff Letters to the Editor Advertising Staff Circulation Staff Printing Services General Careers Subscribe Some Rexburg residents long for a simpler time Posted: April 22, 2017 7:44 p.m. Merrill By KEVIN TREVELLYAN and LINDSEY JOHNSON news@postregister.com REXBURG — Some long-time residents miss Rexburg as it existed before the influx of college students altered its composition and character. Bobbette Carlson, 76, has spent most of her life here. She served on the Rexburg Area Chamber of Commerce board of directors and the Rexburg Planning and Zoning Commission. Carlson’s father operated the Rexburg Food Center grocery store, which opened on Main Street in the early 1950s. Carlson ran the store, too, before it closed and was replaced by a Broulim’s Supermarket in 1997. Carlson remembers selling three dozen eggs for $1. She also recalls people loitering in the store, eyes fixed to one of the town’s first televisions. Back then, her family knew most store patrons. “You’d see parents pushing carts, then years later, their kids would be grown up and pushing carts, then next thing you know their kids were pushing carts,” Carlson said. That community atmosphere extended to family-owned independent businesses on Main Street, where Carlson window-shopped as a kid on balmy summer nights. Some of those shops shuttered following damage from the Teton Dam collapse in 1976. Others couldn’t compete with big-box stores, including Kmart and Wal-Mart. Kmart also was a victim of progress, closing in 2014 in advance of the opening of a Wal-Mart Super Center. Lately, college student interests have prevailed, Carlson said. “I definitely think it has shifted toward the college students. You can’t walk down Main Street and see the same clothing stores and shoe stores, and it doesn’t seem to be targeting the local people,” Carlson said. Housing has changed as well. Increased student populations at Brigham Young University-Idaho created a greater need for high-density apartment buildings, many of which occupy property near Main Street where single-family homes once stood. “I know there needs to be expansion and change, but to come down into the town and tear down houses that belonged to local people for years. I don’t understand why they couldn’t have gone up the hill instead,” Carlson said. “Some of the changes that have taken place have been good, while some are not so good. But that’s true in any community.” Mayor Jerry Merrill said there are residents who view the changes the university has brought on as a negative. “It’s sometimes difficult, especially for folks that have lived here for a long time; they’re used to Rexburg being a small little town and not having to wait in line at the grocery store,” Merrill said. He said that while growth is a positive, his goal is to preserve the family-friendly atmosphere. “I like small towns, and that’s one of my goals is to maintain the small-town, friendly feeling of Rexburg, even though we’re a very popular growth spot,” he said. “You either grow or you die, and that’s kind of the nature of how towns are.” About | Advertise | Newsroom Ethics | Newsroom Staff | Printing Services | Privacy Policy | Careers Post Register • 333 Northgate Mile • PO Box 1800 • Idaho Falls, ID. 83401 Office Hours: Monday - Friday, 8:30 am to 5:00 pm Phone: (208) 522.1800 Copyright © 2017 Post Register
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Erin Moran, Joanie Cunningham in "Happy Days," dies at 56 News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Venezuelans rally for victims Attack toll at 100 casualties Global march in defense of science Health care battle, shutdown vote loom Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Orioles beat Sox, keep on rolling Rangers take out Habs in Game 6 Grizzlies get OT win to tie Spurs UAlbany men's lacrosse rallies past No. 12 Yale Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Think through that 'free' shipping Major changes to credit score calculations VW ordered to pay $2.8 billion Late rally cuts losses Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Photos: Capital Region restaurants in the suburbs Singer, songwriter Sylvia Moy dies at 78 Hear 'Mozart in Havana' at Skidmore 22 things to do this weekend Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Today's Birthdays Canada by rail Bite-Sized: Morsels of food news Sipping: Wine pick of the week Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives Marlies square playoff series in what may be A-Devils’ Rockefeller Institute finds 71 percent increase in opioid deaths Fashion icon Blake Lively upset she was asked about what she was Mother’s Day TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Hepatitis C hitting young adult New Yorkers as well as baby Churchill: Small cafe is a sign of Albany's growing promise Editorial: A big blow to gun control Uncertain horizons for special transit services Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog Old classrooms in Albany, Rotterdam, Troy find new life as House of the Week: Post-modern in Niskayuna 'Brady Bunch' TV mom dropped anchor here Demand builds for starter homes Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Earth Day freebies and deals Tax Day freebies and deals for 2017 Birthday deals and freebies: More than 80 things you can get for Buffalo Wild Wings: Free shareable app when you buy boneless MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Think-through-that-free-shipping-11091898.php Think through that 'free' shipping Method you pick depends on how often you order Associated Press Published 5:26 pm, Saturday, April 22, 2017 Photo: Ted S. Warren Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - In this Thursday, Aug. 4, 2016, file photo, Amazon.com boxes are shown stacked near a Boeing 767 Amazon "Prime Air" cargo plane on display in a Boeing hangar in Seattle. Retail subscription programs, such as Amazon Prime, promise free shipping to members for a monthly or yearly fee. As shoppers demand speed, some cyberstores are offering free and fast shipping, albeit with minimum-purchase requirements. Certain situations, however, may warrant paying the membership fee. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren, File) ORG XMIT: NYBZ440 less FILE - In this Thursday, Aug. 4, 2016, file photo, Amazon.com boxes are shown stacked near a Boeing 767 Amazon "Prime Air" cargo plane on display in a Boeing hangar in Seattle. Retail subscription programs, ... more Photo: Ted S. Warren Think through that 'free' shipping 1 / 1 Back to Gallery First they wanted free. Now they want fast. As shoppers turn to the convenience of cyberstores, they crave shipping that can keep up with their demands. "For consumers, it's one of the top things they're looking for, and it's a decision maker between buying at one site versus another," says Aaron Cheris, a partner in the San Francisco office of Bain and Co., a management consulting firm. Free shipping is expected, says Luke Knowles, founder of Free Shipping Day, a one-day, annual online-shopping event in December. On Dec. 16, 2016, more than 1,000 retailers offered free shipping and delivery by Christmas Eve. Retailers have answered the call for free and swift delivery in different ways. Under Amazon's subscription model, members pay a fee to get free shipping. Wal-Mart and Best Buy provide free and fast shipping if you meet their conditions. Should you still pay for a subscription? It depends. Before you decide, consider how often you order and what you'll get beyond shipping. Here's what you should think about. Low minimums If your orders meet minimum-purchase thresholds, you can get speedy and free delivery without a subscription from some retailers. Wal-Mart announced free two-day shipping on eligible orders of $35 and above on more than 2 million items in categories from food to electronics while eliminating its membership program in early 2017. Best Buy offers free two-day shipping on thousands of items for orders of $35 and up. Apple has free two-day shipping on most in-stock products. Features Even if free two-day shipping becomes standard, don't dismiss subscriptions. Consumers should consider other features, Cheris says. For instance, a membership at shopping service ShopRunner unlocks free two-day shipping on eligible items at hundreds of participating retailers. After a 30-day free trial, the fee is $79 a year or $8.95 a month. Amazon Prime is perhaps the best known of all programs. After a 30-day free trial, members pay $99 a year or $10.99 a month to get free two-day shipping on more than 50 million items, plus free same-day and two-hour delivery on household goods, groceries and other items. Price When shopping without a membership, ensure that a retailer with free shipping isn't charging more for its products than what you would save on shipping. For example, a pair of Nike running shoes recently sold for $48.75 at J.C. Penney with $8.95 shipping, for a total of $57.70 before tax. The same item came with free shipping at Zappos for $65. Frequency It's a matter of what you buy, too, says Mabel McLean, a director of client strategy at L2, which tracks the online performance of brands. If you make frequent online purchases of items such as paper towels and cleaning supplies, shipping charges can add up, so investing in a subscription may be better. "I think paying seven bucks for shipping when you're buying clothing and maybe only order online five times a year, that's a little bit more palatable than higher-frequency categories," McLean says. Make a choice Before you buy a subscription, weigh the cost to ensure that the fee is offset by the benefits. In any case, you now have a breadth of options. "Shoppers are winning here," says Knowles, the Free Shipping Day founder. Most Popular 1 Body found in Hudson River off Rensselaer shore 2 Off-duty cop: Lake George boat passengers 'frantic' 3 I-88 crash kills SUNY Cobleskill student 4 Berne man accused of choking victim, smashing laptop 5 Fired Albany County employee threatened staff, sheriff says 6 UAlbany bus trial testimony hinges on words 7 House of the Week: Post-modern in Niskayuna View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
null
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout WAAY TO WIN EVENTS APPS News News Decatur Huntsville Sand Mountain Shoals Live Stream The Healthy WAAY Techguy I-Team Manhunt Monday Submit News Weather Weather Main Radar Weather 101 Weather Watchers Weather Nation Live Severe Weather Guide WeatherCall Weather Blog Weather Classroom Sports Sports Main High School Football Bowl Coverage Video Live Stream and Radar All Videos Redstone Redstone Redstone 75th Anniversary Space Space Tech Tech TV Shows TV Shows TV Listings Dream Home Cooking Law Line Guerrilla Politics TN Valley Pros TN Valley Pros Community Million Dollar Investment Hometown Heroes MedCall Summer Break Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout WAAY TO WIN Events Apps Contact Us About Us WATCH LIVE 4:30-7 am 11 am 5 pm 6 pm 7 pm 10 pm Weather Nation 62° Huntsville, AL (35801) Today Cloudy with occasional showers. Thunder possible. High around 60F. Winds NW at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 50%.. Tonight Showers in the evening, then cloudy overnight. Low 54F. Winds NNW at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 60%. Updated: April 23, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation News News Decatur Huntsville Sand Mountain Shoals Live Stream The Healthy WAAY Techguy I-Team Manhunt Monday Submit News Weather Weather Main Radar Weather 101 Weather Watchers Weather Nation Live Severe Weather Guide WeatherCall Weather Blog Weather Classroom Sports Sports Main High School Football Bowl Coverage Video Live Stream and Radar All Videos Redstone Redstone Redstone 75th Anniversary Space Space Tech Tech TV Shows TV Shows TV Listings Dream Home Cooking Law Line Guerrilla Politics TN Valley Pros TN Valley Pros Community Million Dollar Investment Hometown Heroes MedCall Summer Break WATCH LIVE 4:30-7am 11am 5pm 6pm 7pm 10pm Close 1 of 3 (Photo provided by Tennessee Bureau of Investigation) (KDRV) (KDRV) breaking top story New details revealed in Tad Cummins' federal arrest affadavit Adam Lucas alucas@waaytv.com Adam Lucas Apr 21, 2017 Updated Apr 21, 2017 1 (Photo provided by Tennessee Bureau of Investigation) The graphic and very specific federal affidavit released Friday states reasons why investigators believe 50-year-old Tad Cummins' relationship with 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas was sexual. New details the arrest affadavit indicate that Cummins rented one-bed motel rooms while on the run with one of his 15-year-old students and had filled a prescription for an erectile dysfunction drug before they disappeared. The federal arrest affadavit filed Thursday also states that three days after Cummins and the teenager disappeared from Columbia, Tenn., he bought several items at a Walmart in Guymon, Okla., including lubricant commonly used for sex. Maury County District Attorney Brent Cooper told WAAY 31 the evidence of a possible sexual relationship between the two helps try Cummins for federal crimes. "It really strengthens the federal charge, because they have to prove when they left the state or he crossed state lines that he had the intent to have sex with her," said Cooper. Cooper also explained the evidence does not help the state's case, however, because in Tennessee, Cummins is only charged with aggravated kidnapping. Cummins was arrested at a remote cabin in Cecilville, Calif., Thursday. Authorities said the girl, Elizabeth Thomas, was found safe. The Siskiyou County Sheriff's Office didn't provide any details Friday on what items were recovered inside the cabin and Cummins' car. "The items that we found in the cabin, the items we recovered in the vehicle, all of that is evidence that the FBI will receive and analyze, and we will work with the FBI in a collaborative fashion," said Sgt. Mike Gilley with the Siskiyou County Sheriff's Office. Cummins told his wife he had a job interview at the Williamson County Medical Center the day he disappeared March 13, according to the affadavit. When his wife returned home, there was a note from Cummins that said he was traveling to Virginia Beach or the Washington, D.C., area to clear his head. The note asked his wife not to call police. Images of Cummins and Thomas at an Oklahoma City Walmart were found after an employee of a Super 8 Motel found in the company's database that Cummins had stayed at a Super 8 in the city. Cummins had asked a witness at the motel for directions to Walmart, and investigators looked through security footage to find images of the two there together. The day they found the Walmart footage, investigators said they learned Cummins also stayed at a motel in Guymon, Oklahoma, on March 16-17. On March 16, Cummins bought women's razors, chocolate, cheese cubes and KY Jelly, according to the affadavit. On April 20, deputies took Cummins into custody and found Thomas at the cabin in California. A caretaker for the property, Griffin Barry, said they told him they were from Colorado and had been through a house fire. Barry said Cummins was broke, out of gas and looking for a commune in the area. +2  (KDRV) "I put some gas in his car and gave him 40 dollars and said if it doesn't work come back I'll feed you," Barry told ABC affiliate KDRV. People at Black Bear Ranch Commune told KDRV Cummins and Thomas did make it there, and said they claimed Thomas was 22. After being told the two they wouldn't be a good fit at the ranch, one ranch resident said Cummins became angry and stormed off. Barry said Cummins went back to him, and the two worked out a deal where they could stay in the cabin if they worked on the property. +2  (KDRV) About 36 hours later, Barry said he saw a picture of Cummins and called 911. Authorities waited until morning and then moved in to take the two into custody. Cummins is due in court in Siskiyou County, Calif., Friday morning. Download PDF Adam Lucas Follow Adam Lucas Close Get email notifications on Adam Lucas daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Adam Lucas posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Adam Lucas Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (1) comment Katfish Apr 21, 2017 11:17am Please explain to me the reason EVERYTHING they purchased is listed!!! Really??? This poor girl has been humiliated enough!! How is this news and why do we need to know this??? Report Add Reply Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Amber Alert Updates Psychologist talks warning signs of sexual abuse and road to recovery Attorney: Elizabeth Thomas reunited with family Cummins' family lawyer releases statement following arrest of Tad Cummins WATCH: Elizabeth Thomas' family talks to GMA Cummins arraignment canceled, taken into federal custody New details revealed in Tad Cummins' federal arrest affadavit Father: Tad Cummins brainwashed Elizabeth Thomas Thomas family attorney was in court when he found out Elizabeth was located Many in Columbia, Tenn. thankful Elizabeth Thomas is on her way home Morgan Co. Sheriff 'very relieved' to hear Tad Cummins was arrested Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles UPDATE: Federal authorities say Elizabeth Thomas' alleged abductor charged with child sex crime City of Huntsville in talks to buy Plush Horse Investigators arrest woman in connection with theft ring Decatur drug bust nets several ounces of meth, cocaine UPDATE: Injured second grader identified in Limestone County wreck MidCity Huntsville developer shares video of plans for old Madison Square site New details revealed in Tad Cummins' federal arrest affadavit Police: Several drugs found in DUI suspect's vehicle during Lawrence County traffic stop New list ranks vehicles most likely to reach 200,000 miles with few problems 4 Huntsville men charged with trafficking $250,000 worth of marijuana Images Videos Commented Huntsville man nearly gets electrocuted after sleeping with phone on charger (7) Two dogs killed in attack in Harvest neighborhood within 10 minutes of each other (3) UPDATE: Huntsville considering turning Joe Davis Stadium into 10,000-seat amphitheater (2) Nine National Patient Groups Call on House to Oppose the American Health Care Act (1) UPDATE: Suspects behind Huntsville meth lab previously accused of child endangerment (1) You won't hear a weather warning siren in Sylvania today -- or ever again (1) Some GOP lawmakers push against Oklahoma anti-abortion bills (1) Shoals lawmaker calls for former governor Bentley aide Rebekah Mason to be investigated (1) Interim CSFO named, questions raised about finances at Huntsville board meeting (1) Father: Tad Cummins brainwashed Elizabeth Thomas (1) Panoply 2017 Enter for a chance to win a family 4-pack of tickets! Hometown Heroes Nominate someone you think is deserving to be called a Hometown Hero! Star99 App download Stream Today's Best Music Anywhere with The Star 99 streaming app. One Million Dollar Community Investment Non-profits can apply for a portion of the $1 million dollars in the form of “media grants” that we will award on a regular basis. Traffic Center For traffic news and updates follow us at the traffic center.  Connect with Us Join our many social media apps. Connect with our talent and follow for news updates.  Weather Nation 24 hour live streaming weather service.  Email Newsletter Sign-up for our newsletters and stay informed.  RoadWAAY Warrior For local traffic updates and road way information.  TN Valley Pros Tennessee Valley Pros where you'll find access to the leading experts in the Huntsville, AL area. Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Events Apr 23 56th Annual Art on the Lake Sun, Apr 23, 2017 @ 10:00 am 2.00 Apr 23 Athens Cemetery Stroll Sun, Apr 23, 2017 @ 2:00 pm Free Apr 24 OLLI at UAH Spring Term Mon, Apr 24, 2017 — all day Annual membership $16 and an $85 course fees covers up to four courses. Apr 25 OLLI at UAH Spring Term Tue, Apr 25, 2017 — all day Annual membership $16 and an $85 course fees covers up to four courses. Apr 25 The State of Housing in Black America Tue, Apr 25, 2017 @ 6:30 pm Free Apr 26 OLLI at UAH Spring Term Wed, Apr 26, 2017 — all day Annual membership $16 and an $85 course fees covers up to four courses. Apr 27 OLLI at UAH Spring Term Thu, Apr 27, 2017 — all day Annual membership $16 and an $85 course fees covers up to four courses. Apr 27 National Bird – Indie Lens Pop-up Thu, Apr 27, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Free Apr 28 OLLI at UAH Spring Term Fri, Apr 28, 2017 — all day Annual membership $16 and an $85 course fees covers up to four courses. Apr 28 Building a Culture of Health Day Fri, Apr 28, 2017 @ 10:00 am Free Apr 28 Lamont Landers Band Concerts on the Dock Fri, Apr 28, 2017 @ 6:00 pm $5 donation Apr 28 Impact Learning Center's Low Country Luau Fri, Apr 28, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Apr 28 The Quatuor Danel Fri, Apr 28, 2017 @ 7:30 pm See our website Apr 28 Huntsville Chamber Music Guild Concert Fri, Apr 28, 2017 @ 7:30 pm Apr 28 Epic Comedy Hour Fri, Apr 28, 2017 @ 8:00 pm $8 Newsletters Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Updates For daily news updates and when Breaking News occurs. Manage your lists Sections News Weather Sports Trending Contests Videos Redstone Space Tech Million Dollar Community Investment Online Features Services Full TV Episodes Team About Contact Employment Contact Information waaytv.com 1000 Monte Sano Blvd Huntsville, AL 35801 Phone: 256-533-3131 Email: newsroom@waaytv.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017 WAAY-TV, 1000 Monte Sano Blvd Huntsville, AL | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live earthtv wishes you a happy Earth Day! RADAR: Strong Storms Moving Through Southern US Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbor Bald eagle and family in Fort Myers, FL Live look at the beach surf from Jacksonville Pier Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass from the Bass Rocks Ocean Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Balancing need for questioning and healing in first days after kidnapped Tennessee teen found More ABC News' and former FBI special agent Brad Garrett speaks on the sensitive balance of questioning a victim for information while also giving that person time and space to heal. 1:34 | 04/22/17 ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Now Playing: {{currentVideo.title}} Resume Playing Video More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Play Video Comments Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for Balancing need for questioning and healing in first days after kidnapped Tennessee teen found is ABC news consultant Brad Garrett a former FBI special agent. Brad, good morning to you. Good morning. Brad, the pair, they were found in a remote area in California. Was this a well-planned attempt to get off the grid in your estimation? No, in fact, they're lucky they didn't get caught before a month. Paula, look at this. He goes, he stays in mainstream hotels. He goes into a Walmart. When we saw that Walmart video I said to myself, they're going to get caught because he's making every mistake by touching the public. Touching store, touching hotel, et cetera, so this doesn't surprise me. From your personal experience how do you balance the need to get information out of a victim who's been through a traumatic situation with the need to give that person time and space to heal. The key is, Dan, you have to let them talk at length before you ever interview them. Whether it be a 15-year-old interviewed literally dozens of sexual assault victims you have to let them go up, go down emotionally. Once you get them to a smooth spot have them walk through what happened. The difficult questions like in any interview you obviously wait till the end. And she's still a child. You don't want to put the words in her mouth for you so you have to let her tell her own story, correct? Correct, Paula, but you also don't want to wait to interview her. There's a thing where statements will change as more people talk to you. So the real key is they need a talented officer or agent to talk to her that's interviewed kids of this age that have been traumatized. All right, Brad, thanks for your analysis. This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Inside the isolated cabin where Elizabeth Thomas and Tad Cummins were found The tiny cabin where authorities found former Tennessee teacher Tad Cummins and his 15-year-old student, Elizabeth Thomas, is nestled in the woods in a remote, mountainous area of inland, northernmost California near the Oregon border. Brother makes plea to missing teen allegedly kidnapped by her former teacher James Thomas, the older brother of 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas, asks her to "just call someone." Family members of missing Tenn. student and former teacher speak out Anthony Thomas, the father of 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas, who was found in a rural California cabin talks to "GMA" about how their family feels now that their daughter is safe. Now Playing: Inside the isolated cabin where Elizabeth Thomas and Tad Cummins were found Now Playing: Brother makes plea to missing teen allegedly kidnapped by her former teacher Now Playing: Family members of missing Tenn. student and former teacher speak out Now Playing: ABC News visits cabin where alleged abductor Tad Cummins was arrested Now Playing: Celebrating Earth Day Now Playing: American Airlines confrontation caught on camera Now Playing: Countdown to Trump's 100th day in office Now Playing: Possible government shutdown on the horizon Now Playing: Rescued Tennessee teenager Elizabeth Thomas rests at home with her family Now Playing: Balancing need for questioning and healing in first days after kidnapped Tennessee teen found Now Playing: Police officer fights to get back on the force after tragic accident Now Playing: Caitlyn Jenner opens up about her relationship with her kids Now Playing: Obsession with beauty and how it can become a sickness Now Playing: Actor Chris Pratt receives a star on Hollywood's 'Walk of Fame' Now Playing: How to make chef George Duran's Spanish tortilla with veggies Now Playing: Rosario Dawson opens up about 'Unforgettable' Now Playing: How the White House may respond to China and North Korea Now Playing: Beyonce wins Peabody for 'Lemonade' Now Playing: Finalists in Goldfish's stop-motion animation video contest announced on 'GMA' Now Playing: Starbucks barista flips out over new Unicorn frappuccino Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":46954449,"title":"Balancing need for questioning and healing in first days after kidnapped Tennessee teen found ","duration":"1:34","description":"ABC News' and former FBI special agent Brad Garrett speaks on the sensitive balance of questioning a victim for information while also giving that person time and space to heal.","url":"/GMA/video/balancing-questioning-healing-days-kidnapped-tennessee-teen-found-46954449","section":"GMA","mediaType":"default"} Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Deals Best Choice Products 100pc Wooden Railway Set for $38 + free shipping Best Choice Products 100pc Wooden Railway Set for $38 + free shipping Published: 22 hours ago / Buy Now $38 Buy Now Best Choice Products via Walmart offers its Best Choice Products 100-Piece Wooden Triple Loop Railway Set for $37.99 with free shipping. That's the lowest price we could find by $13, although we saw it for $3 less last July. The set includes railway tracks, bridges, buildings, traffic signs, magnetized train engines, city vehicles, trees, and pedestrian figurines. It's compatible with Thomas and Friends, Chuggington, Brio, and other wooden train sets. facebook twitter googleplus linkedin more more + comments 0 email tumblr stumble reddit pinterest digg Related Deals SEE ALL Crayola Paint Maker for $8 + $6 s&h Jetson Breeze Electric Scooter for $450 + free shipping Pokemon XY Evolutions Elite Trainer Box for $32 + pickup at Walmart Crazon 1/32 Mini Pocket 20KM/h RC Racing Car for $19 + free shipping Popular deals Denon AVR-S510 5.2 A/V Bluetooth Receiver - $279.99 4 Polo Ralph Lauren Men's T-Shirts for $22 + free s&h w/beauty item TaoTao 49cc Gas-Powered Motor Scooter for $600 + free shipping Coleman Trail 98cc Mini Bike for $299 + free shipping Roadshow's Jump Start Giveaway Web Hosting & Services Solutions Your destination for all things hosting and more! Find the best providers, plans and deals, learn what you need to know to build your web presence and optimize your site. Use our comparison tools and speed test, get support in our forums and much more. Learn more! CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias National News Lawyer: Kidnapped 15-year-old girl back home in Tennessee Local News Fuquay-Varina Subway manager charged with sexually assaulting 3 female employees Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Steamy temps end over weekend as cold front brings cooler air, rain Sponsor Weather Come on! Arlene an unusual April tropical storm DUALDoppler5000 Learn how to cut your grocery bill in half on May 11 Click here for tickets › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell Ken Medlin NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Soccer Taste of the Triangle: NC Courage downs Portland 1-0 in home opener Carolina Panthers Panthers open in San Fran, get two prime time games in 2017 Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Win Tickets to Poison, Extreme & Jackyl Our Take Tudor: Early football signing period could be on the way Holliday: NCAA tournament gets the best refs, but what about chemistry? Manuel: UNC, NC State baseball rivalry returns to Chapel Hill Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business Judge orders Volkswagen to pay $2.8B in emission scandal Business US home sales shoot up to 10-year high Sponsor Changing economy IBM confirms new layoffs as part of a talent 'remix' WRAL's 'State of Inequality' looks at economic differences across NC Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Editorial: Running our state into the ground PAIGE JOHNSON: Planned Parenthood in N.C. won't relent in efforts to provide women quality health care Editorial: How the 'family values legislature' is destroying families Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings National News Tech tips: Go green and save money on Earth Day Business Holiday Inn parent company reports widespread information breach Business Before you invest in a startup, here's what you need to know 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel National News Study: Frequent consumption of soft drinks can increase risk of dementia, stroke Lifestyles Match for mutts? New website helps people adopt the best dog Sponsor Best of spring Day trips from Raleigh Find egg hunts, bunny visits Farmers Market guide Flu season Five new flu deaths reported in NC; season total now at 136 The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About Durham foodies savor local treats at Grand Taste Experience Out and About 'Empire' star goes incognito when visiting NC Sponsor Holiday Guide Weekend best bets Family fun Shop local Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Durham teenager killed in ATV accident NC Wanted NC Wanted: Vance County man dies in mysterious fire Live Video Schedule 7a WRAL Morning News Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › 55° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 55° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal Lottery Celebrity Watch Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Weather 70 NC counties and 1 VA county are under alert, including Wake, Cumberland, Durham, Johnston, and Orange counties. Details Published: 2017-04-22 06:10:00 Updated: 2017-04-22 10:08:10 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper Make $20 when you sign up for Hulu this weekend! Tags: Deals, Retail deals Posted 6:10 a.m. yesterday Updated 10:08 a.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/17tZY Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters More on this Swagbucks website If you've been thinking about trying Hulu, this weekend is the time to do it! Thanks to an offer through Swagbucks, you make $20 to sign up! Hulu has tons of current and classic programming, movies, brilliant original series, and more. I just signed up for this offer and received the SB points reward immediately! We are going to try it during the 1 month period and then the kids can decide if they like Hulu or Netflix better and I'll decide which one to keep. Plus I made $20 to sign up! Here's how it works: After you sign up HERE, you get back $28 (paid in the form of 2800 points called SB points) for trying Hulu for a month. You can cash out your SB points for gift cards like Amazon, Walmart, Target, CVS or even Paypal or a Visa gift card. It will cost you $7.99 to sign up, so you're making $20 on the deal after SB points reward! Here's how you sign up: 1. Click this link for the Hulu offer. 2. Create your Swagbucks account (takes 30 seconds) if you are not already signed up. If you are new to Swagbucks, use code SMARTSHOPPER during registration to get bonus sign up points! 3. Click "Continue" and sign up for Hulu. 4. Enjoy Hulu! You should have your points within 30 minutes. At that point, you can head to Swagbucks and cash out your points for a gift card. I got my 2800 points right after I signed up! This is a great time to join because when you sign up for Swagbucks for the first time through this link and get your 2800 SB from the Hulu offer, you'll get a bonus 300 SB at the beginning of May. So that's $28 (2800 SB) for trying Hulu plus your $3 (300 SB) bonus, which gets you 3100 SB, which means you make a profit of $23 total just for watching TV! New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps (I earn about 80 - 100 SB a day doing this) * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Just this week, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE, To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. . . Disclosure: Any post on this blog may contain affiliate links and we appreciate your using them! This means that I may receive compensation from other websites I mention on this blog. Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers Garner Appliance & Mattress Spring Sale Apr 21-29 Click to See All CONTESTS available from WRAL.com Myrtle Beach Spring Deals - Save Up to 40% The 'as low as" rate is at 3.25% APR (15 yr.) Free Credit Score - No Card Required! Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Brewgaloo 2017 Local News Wake Arrests Entertainment Steel Panther rocks The Ritz Out and About Nightlife Photos State News North Carolina's long summer vacations are being challenged Weather Severe thunderstorm watch canceled; Flood watch starts at 12 a.m. Sunday State News Visitors to North Carolina forest warned about black bears Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News WRAL's Amanda Lamb wins Dancing For the Stars National News Organ donor's family meets 3-year-old recipient Local News Brewgaloo 2017 Entertainment Steel Panther rocks The Ritz Out and About Brewgaloo offers new sours, barrel-aged event in 6th year Out and About Southern Women's Show Pets Duke Lemur Center hosts Earth Day open house Out and About Weekend best bets: Taste, Brewgaloo Business Want to own a town? Tiny Oregon community for sale for $3.5M Out and About Chefs talk: What made Durham the 'foodiest city' in the south? Baseball High school rivals play together for former player diagnosed with ALS WRAL TV Helpful tips when planning a trip to the WRAL Azalea Gardens Outdoors Red squid spotted on Outer Banks @NCCapitol Bills fly through House as deadline looms Out and About Sweet and sour: We tried Starbucks' Unicorn Frap so you don't have to Local News Charlotte's people ranked among least attractive in U.S. Out and About Have big plans for Raleigh? Now you can share them State News North Carolina's long summer vacations are being challenged Education Duke protesters demand better pay, benefits for faculty State News Visitors to North Carolina forest warned about black bears Business Scientists leave labs, take to streets to defend research Local News Moped hit-and-run victim has long road to recovery SmartShopper RECALL: Harris Teeter frozen hash browns recalled due to golf balls SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? SmartShopper Share your deals & questions this weekend @NCCapitol Cooper vetoes court, elections bills SmartShopper Giveaway: McDonald's McCafe prize pack SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Brewgaloo 2017 Local News Wake Arrests Entertainment Steel Panther rocks The Ritz Out and About Nightlife Photos State News North Carolina's long summer vacations are being challenged Weather Severe thunderstorm watch canceled; Flood watch starts at 12 a.m. Sunday State News Visitors to North Carolina forest warned about black bears Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News WRAL's Amanda Lamb wins Dancing For the Stars National News Organ donor's family meets 3-year-old recipient Local News Brewgaloo 2017 Entertainment Steel Panther rocks The Ritz Out and About Brewgaloo offers new sours, barrel-aged event in 6th year Out and About Southern Women's Show Pets Duke Lemur Center hosts Earth Day open house Out and About Weekend best bets: Taste, Brewgaloo Business Want to own a town? Tiny Oregon community for sale for $3.5M Out and About Chefs talk: What made Durham the 'foodiest city' in the south? Baseball High school rivals play together for former player diagnosed with ALS WRAL TV Helpful tips when planning a trip to the WRAL Azalea Gardens Outdoors Red squid spotted on Outer Banks @NCCapitol Bills fly through House as deadline looms Out and About Sweet and sour: We tried Starbucks' Unicorn Frap so you don't have to Local News Charlotte's people ranked among least attractive in U.S. Out and About Have big plans for Raleigh? Now you can share them State News North Carolina's long summer vacations are being challenged Education Duke protesters demand better pay, benefits for faculty State News Visitors to North Carolina forest warned about black bears Business Scientists leave labs, take to streets to defend research Local News Moped hit-and-run victim has long road to recovery SmartShopper RECALL: Harris Teeter frozen hash browns recalled due to golf balls SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? SmartShopper Share your deals & questions this weekend @NCCapitol Cooper vetoes court, elections bills SmartShopper Giveaway: McDonald's McCafe prize pack WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising CBC Digital Elements Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, April 23, 2017, 2 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / COMMUNITY EVENTS IN THE TRI-LAKES AREA This article was published today at 12:00 a.m. Comments aAFont Size April 23 All Shook Up! Auditions BENTON — Auditions for the Benton Royal Players’ production of All Shook Up! — a musical featuring the songs of Elvis Presley — will begin at 10 a.m. upstairs at the Royal Theater, 111 S. Market St. The director is Frank O. Butler, and production dates are Aug. 10-20. The audition will include cold readings from the script, a movement portion and 16-32 bars of prepared music. Attendees are asked to provide sheet music for the accompanist. A video audition and a resume may be submitted by way of Facebook messenger by midnight today. For more information, call (501) 315-5483. Fiddler on the Roof ARKADELPHIA — Ouachita Baptist University’s School of Fine Arts will present Fiddler on the Roof at 2:30 p.m. in the Jones Performing Arts Center. Tickets are $12. For tickets or more information, visit obu.edu/boxoffice. April 24 Tween Art BENTON — Youth ages 8 to 12 are invited to learn about Henri Matisse and create art inspired by his technique at 4 p.m. at the Bob Herzfeld Memorial Library. For more information, call (501) 778-4766. April 25 PRISM Instrumental Concert ARKADELPHIA — Ouachita Baptist University’s annual PRISM instrumental concert will be at 7:30 p.m. in the Jones Performing Arts Center. The concert is free and open to the public. For more information, call (870) 245-5208. Maker Mania: Bad Art Night BRYANT — Youth ages 13 to 18 are invited to use magazines, paint, markers, charcoal and more to make bad art from 3:45-5:30 p.m. at the Mabel Boswell Memorial Library. For more information, call (501) 778-4766. Table-Top Teens BENTON — Youth ages 13 to 18 are invited to play table-top games from 4-5:15 p.m. at the Bob Herzfeld Memorial Library. For more information, call (501) 778-4766. Chronicles of Yarnia Craft Club BRYANT — Adults ages 18 and older are invited to the Chronicles of Yarnia Craft Club at 6 p.m. at the Mabel Boswell Memorial Library. For more information, call (501) 778-4766. April 26 Story Time BENTON — First- and second-graders are invited to a story time at 4 p.m. at the Bob Herzfeld Memorial Library. The event will feature stories, snacks and crafts. Advance registration is required. For more information, call (501) 778-4766. April 27 Concert Choir Performance ARKADELPHIA — The Ouachita Baptist University Concert Choir will perform at 7:30 p.m. in McBeth Recital Hall. The concert is free and open to the public. For more information, call (870) 245-5208. STEAM Club BENTON — Home-schooled children ages 7 to 12 are invited to join the STEAM Club to explore science, technology, engineering, arts and math from 2-3 p.m. at the Bob Herzfeld Memorial Library. Advance registration is required. For more information, call (501) 778-4766. STEM Story Time BENTON — Children ages 4 to 7 are invited to a STEM story time from 2-3 p.m. at the Bob Herzfeld Memorial Library to reinforce science, technology, engineering and mathematics concepts. Children younger than 4 will not be admitted. For more information, call (501) 778-4766. After-School Adventures BRYANT — Youth ages 13 to 18 are invited to join a story-telling, role-playing, dice-rolling program from 3:45-5 p.m. at the Mabel Boswell Memorial Library. Seating is limited, and advance registration is required. For more information, call (501) 778-4766. Drama Teens BENTON — Youth ages 13 to 18 are invited to join a Books in 10 acting club at 4 p.m. at the Bob Herzfeld Memorial Library. Attendees will film a short retelling of books chosen in advance. For more information, call (501) 778-4766. Laugh Out Loud Book Club BENTON — Third- through fifth-graders are invited to create comics at 4 p.m. at the Bob Herzfeld Memorial Library. Refreshments will be provided. For more information, call (501) 778-4766. Yoga at the Library BRYANT — Yoga practitioners of all skill levels, ages 18 and older, are invited to join professional instructors from The Bent Lily for a free yoga class at 6 p.m. at the Bob Herzfeld Memorial Library. Attendees are asked to bring a mat and a bottle of water. For more information, call (501) 778-4766. April 27 – April 29 The Complete Works of William Shakespeare (Abridged) BENTON — Saline County Shakes will present The Complete Works of William Shakespeare (abridged), directed by Michael Bartholmey of North Little Rock, at 7 p.m. Thursday through Saturday at the Juli Busken Amphitheater in Tyndall Park, 913 E. Sevier St. The actors are Matthew Glover and Hillary Bell, both of Benton, and Sarah Scott Blakey of Little Rock. Mia Simone of Benton is the stage manager. There is no admission charge. Those planning to attend should bring a blanket or chair. Food and nonalcoholic drinks are welcome. April 28 Teen Art Club BENTON — Youth ages 12 to 18 are invited to join the Teen Art Club from 3:30-5 p.m. at the Bob Herzfeld Memorial Library. For more information, call (501) 778-4766. April 29 Family Story Time BENTON — All ages are invited to the Bob Herzfeld Memorial Library at 10:30 a.m. for songs, stories and crafts. For more information, call (501) 778-4766. Paw-ty With a Purpose HOT SPRINGS — Arkansas Hospice will host Paw-ty With a Purpose from 9 a.m. to noon at the Hot Springs Farmers & Artisans Market, 121 Orange St. Attendees are encouraged to bring their dogs. The first 20 dogs to arrive will receive a special prize. The event will kick off Hospice’s Pet Peace of Mind program. For more information, visit arkansashospice.org. Operation Medicine Cabinet BENTON — The Benton Police Department will present Operation Medicine Cabinet XIV from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. in the Walmart Supercenter parking lot. For more information, visit artakeback.org. Garland County Master Gardeners Plant Sale HOT SPRINGS — The Garland County Master Gardeners will host their annual plant sale from 8 a.m. to noon at the Hot Springs Farmers & Artisans Market, 121 Orange St. The sale’s theme is Come Bee With Us. The event is free and open to the public. For more information, contact the Garland County Cooperative Extension Service, University of Arkansas, Division of Agriculture, at (501) 623-6841. Ongoing Student Juried Art Exhibit ARKADELPHIA — Ouachita Baptist University’s Hammons Gallery in the Mabee Fine Arts Center will feature the OBU Art Club’s annual Student Juried Art Exhibit through Tuesday. The exhibit is free and open to the public. Art on display will include paintings, photographs, sculptures, and fabric and graphic-design works. Regular gallery hours are 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. weekdays. For more information, call the School of Fine Arts at (870) 245-5129. Scholarships for Educators Practicing educators in Arkansas public schools are encouraged to apply for Parsons-Burnett Scholarship Grants for graduate study in the 2017-2018 academic year. The grants are awarded to educators with a proven academic record and at least one year of successful teaching experience. The grants are funded by contributions from the Arkansas Retired Teachers Association. For more information, visit www.artanow.com. Scholarship applications, which are due by June 15, may be downloaded from the site. Justus Fine Art Gallery April Exhibit HOT SPRINGS — The April exhibit at the Justus Fine Art Gallery, 827A Central Ave., titled Brotherhood, features work by contemporary representational painters Jason Sacran of Fort Smith and John P. Lasater IV of Siloam Springs, including a selection of plein air paintings, along with studio work. A closing reception will take place from 4-6 p.m. Friday, and a still-life painting demonstration will be given from 10 a.m. to noon Saturday. Gallery hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Wednesday through Saturday or by appointment. For more information, call (501) 321-2335 or visit justusfineart.com. Team Tesla Program HOT SPRINGS — The Mid-America Science Museum is taking applications for its Team Tesla program, designed for students ages 14 to 18 to develop leadership skills. The students learn and develop their own understanding of science principles by assisting museum educators during summer camps and special events such as Tinkerfest, Tesla Fest and the Summer Science Smash. The deadline to apply is May 12. For more information, visit midamericamuseum.org, or contact Irene Perros at (501) 767-3461, ext. 122, or irenep@midamericamuseum.org. Justus Fine Art Gallery May Exhibit HOT SPRINGS — The May exhibit at the Justus Fine Art Gallery will feature a group exhibition, Place Holders. Work by Beverly Buys, Virmarie DePoyster, Randall M. Good, Matthew Hasty, Dolores Justus, Laura Raborn, Gary Simmons, Rebecca Thompson, Emily Wood and others will be featured. The exhibit will open with a reception from 5-9 p.m. May 5 in conjunction with the monthly Gallery Walk in downtown Hot Springs. The exhibit will be on display through May 31. For more information, call (501) 321-2335 or visit justusfineart.com. Alzheimer’s Caregiver Support Group Meetings HOT SPRINGS — The Alzheimer’s Association Caregiver Support Group meets at 2:30 p.m. the second Thursday of each month at The Atrium at Serenity Pointe, 2803 Albert Pike Road. For more information, call (501) 844-5161. Ageless Bikers Club HOT SPRINGS VILLAGE — The Ageless Bikers Club has 10 different bike rides that are 16 to 35 miles long. The rides are on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays on quiet paved country roads (one ride has up to 3 miles of gravel). No one is left behind, and the group stops often to regroup and socialize. Several rides are “out and back,” so the beginner can turn back for a shorter ride. Start times for the rides are seasonal, so for a schedule, contact Dave OBrien at (830) 285-5129 or djob1947boom@gmail.com. Free Exercise Classes ARKADELPHIA — The Central Arkansas Development Council’s Arkadelphia Senior Activity Center invites the public to a free Zumba class at 11 a.m. every Wednesday at the center, 1305 N. 10th St. The class, taught by a local fitness instructor, is geared for seniors ages 60 and older. The center also offers a free exercise class at 11 a.m. Mondays, as well as chair volleyball and beanbag baseball teams that practice daily. For more information, call the center at (870) 246-9871. Free Yoga Class BENTON — McClure Fitness, 1200 Library Drive, offers a free community yoga class at 10 a.m. every Saturday. For more information, call (501) 269-1662. Alzheimer’s Caretaker Support Group BENTON — The Alzheimer’s Arkansas Caretaker Support Group meets from 2-4 p.m. the third Thursday of every month at the Bob Herzfeld Memorial Library. For more information, call (501) 778-4766. Merry Mixers HOT SPRINGS VILLAGE — The Hot Springs Village Merry Mixers dance to live music from 7:30-10:30 p.m. the third Saturday of each month in the Coronado Community Center. A dance lesson will be given at 7 p.m. Admission is $10 per person. For more information, call (501) 915-8111. Upcoming Dance Company in Concert ARKADELPHIA — Henderson State Theatre and Dance will present three performances of Dance Company in Concert. Original works choreographed by students, guest artists and director Jennifer Maddox will be performed in the Arkansas Hall Auditorium. The shows are open to the public and will be at 2:30 p.m. April 30, and at 7:30 p.m. May 1 and 2. Admission is $8 and free for Henderson students with a valed ID. For reservations or more information, call (870) 230-5291 or email theatre@hsu.edu. Tiger Steel Percussion Concert ARKADELPHIA — Ouachita Baptist University will host Tiger Steel, the university’s steel-drum ensemble, in concert at 7:30 p.m. May 1 in Mabee Fine Arts Center’s McBeth Recital Hall. Tiger Steel will perform its signature song, the calypso standard “Jump in the Line,” made famous by Harry Belafonte, then tell the story of the steel pan through music. Pan Jouvet, OBU’s beginner steel band, will also perform. Admission is free and open to the public. For more information, visit www.obu.edu/percussion or contact Ryan Lewis at lewisr@obu.edu or (870) 245-5421. Library Book Sale HOT SPRINGS — The Friends of the Garland County Library will hold a book sale from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. May 4-6 in the library’s auditorium. For more information, visit gclibrary.com. Arkadelphia Downtown Crawfest ARKADELPHIA — The Arkadelphia Area Chamber of Commerce will sponsor the sixth annual Downtown Crawfest on May 5 and 6. The crawfish boil will start at 5:30 p.m. May 5 at The Cue Eatery and Pool Hall and be served in the parking lot at 617 Clinton St. May 6 activities will begin with the Crawfish Crawl 5K and 10K at 8:30 a.m., followed by the Southern Bancorp Andy Allison Super Kids Run at 10:30 a.m. Kids’ activities will continue through 1 p.m. Advance tickets are $20 and are available at Southern Bancorp and the Arkadelphia Area Chamber of Commerce office. For more information, contact the chamber at (870) 246-5542 or ashlee@arkadelphiaalliance.com. To submit an event, mail information to Calendar of Events, Tri-Lakes Edition, P.O. Box 2221, Little Rock, AR 72203; fax (501) 378-3500; or email tlnews@arkansasonline.com. The deadline for calendar-item submissions is noon Tuesday each week. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Stepping up fitness with technology Duck Derby Festival set for May 6 Master Gardeners set plant sale for Saturday ... Sheridan’s gifted and talented facilitator ea... COMMUNITY EVENTS IN THE TRI-LAKES AREA Memories of cheese grits and chocolate Saline County coroner serves state organizati... COMMUNITY EVENTS IN THE TRI-LAKES AREA School, community team up for 2nd-grade canc... Comments on: COMMUNITY EVENTS IN THE TRI-LAKES AREA To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Scientists leave labs, take to streets to defend research (16 comments) Nurse accused of robbing Pulaski County bank arrested within 15 minutes, authorities say (9 comments) Arkansas carries out 1 execution; at 11:56 p.m., drugs end Lee’s life (29 comments) Sessions puts 9 'sanctuaries' on notice (9 comments) Trump adviser: Bill must have money for wall (5 comments) 2 men shot overnight as violence rises in Little Rock (8 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
Current Weather 42.0° Fair Forecast Subscriber Services Sections News Local State Nation/World Crime and Courts Police Reports Government Election Central Business Education Town News and Info Corrections Sports Preps Bears Bulls Blackhawks Cubs White Sox Features Auto Food & Drink Health Lifestyle Movies and TV Music Theater McHenry County Magazine Planit Northwest Everyday Heroes Best Under 40 Best of the Fox Women of Distinction Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columnists Editorial Cartoons Share Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Birthday Club Book of Lists Business: Best Under 40 Business Milestones Campus Report Engagement Announcement Get your band featured Letters to the Editor Neighbors Connect Planit Pl@y online submission Recipe of the Week Service Report Share Your Photos Wedding Announcement Contact Us About Us Advertise Contact Us Feedback Forms Photo Store Public Notices Today's Ads More Photos and Lists Obituaries Photo Store Video News Video Live Video Events Events Calendar Promotions & Events Pro Football Weekly Election Central Market Place Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified Digital Access Access nwherald.com from all your digital devices and receive breaking news and updates from around the area. Sign InSubscribe Home Delivery Local news, prep sports, Chicago sports, local and regional entertainment, business, home and lifestyle, food, classified and more! News you use every day! Daily, weekend and Sunday packages. Subscribe Text Alerts Stay connected to us wherever you are! Get breaking news updates along with other area information sent to you as a text message to your wireless device. Sign Up Email Newsletters We'll deliver news & updates to your inbox. Plan your weekend and catch up on the news with our newsletters. Sign Up Online Newspaper Log In SectionsSubscribe Local McHenry County municipalities work to fill vacant spaces to increase tax base, provide for residents By HANNAH PROKOP hprokop@shawmedia.com11:07 pm H. Rick Bamman Caption H. Rick Bamman – hbamman@shawmedia.com Berkshire Hathaway real estate agent Jack Minero visits the former Pauly Toyota site on Route 14 in Crystal Lake. H. Rick Bamman Caption H. Rick Bamman – hbamman@shawmedia.com Premier Commercial Realty senior broker Bruce Kaplan walks through a vacant industrial building Wednesday in Crystal Lake before showing the building to a client. H. Rick Bamman Caption H. Rick Bamman – hbamman@shawmedia.com Premier Commercial Realty senior broker Bruce Kaplan waits for a client Wednesday before showing a vacant industrial building in Crystal Lake. Sarah Nader Caption Sarah Nader – snader@shawmedia.com The Gander Mountain at 1400 S. Randall Road in Algonquin is set to be closing soon. Sarah Nader Caption Sarah Nader – snader@shawmedia.com This photo shows the Family Christian store at 2216 S. Randall Road in Algonquin, which will be closing soon. Sarah Nader Caption Sarah Nader – snader@shawmedia.com This photo shows a vacant building that used to house Dominick's at 101 S. Randall Road in Lake in the Hills. H. Rick Bamman Caption H. Rick Bamman – hbamman@shawmedia.com This photo shows the former Brunswick Zone in Algonquin, 2075 E. Algonquin Road. For more than a decade, the former Pauly Toyota building has sat vacant at 5501 Route 14 in Crystal Lake.   Next to it sits the former LeWalt Glass Co. building, which also has been vacant for about a decade, said Jack Minero, a real estate agent with Berkshire Hathaway. The entire 3.2-acre site is on the market for about $2.8 million, he said. Throughout the years, the property along Crystal Lake’s most important commercial corridor has been the temporary home to the McHenry County Republican Central Committee and an auto body shop that rents out space behind the former Pauly Toyota showroom on a monthly basis, according to Minero and the Northwest Herald archives. Although businesses – such as a mattress store, pet hotel and gas station – have shown interest in the lot, the city ideally would have a high-end retailer fill the space, Minero and Crystal Lake economic development manager Heather Maieritsch said.  Throughout McHenry County, long-vacant buildings – including the Dominick’s in Lake in the Hills, Dania Furniture Co. building in Algonquin and Pauly Toyota site in Crystal Lake – remain challenging to fill. Local governments and brokers employ a variety of tactics to help market those spaces with varying degrees of success. In Crystal Lake, Maieritsch said the city will create a vision plan for sites that have been on the market for a long time. This could mean suggesting potential uses of the property to developers, such as in the case of the Pauly Toyota and LeWalt Glass properties, or by hiring a consultant to develop a potential plan for the space, such as the city is doing in the Crystal Point Mall Shopping Center, which used to be home to Wal-Mart and Cub Foods.   “We’re trying to help create some interest in the property and helping coming up with some additional ideas that are outside the box that you might normally think of,” Maieritsch said.  For example, with the Pauly Toyota and LeWalt Glass sites, the city has suggested putting a restaurant there because the property overlooks Three Oaks Recreation Area, Maieritsch said.  “We’re open to a wide variety of uses, but we’re looking for quality businesses to add to the community,” Maieritsch said. “Preferably, [one] that would add to our tax base.”  In addition to sending out information on Crystal Lake’s open properties, the city also has a searchable database of properties at crystallakeretail.com/cocl/index.php, Maieritsch said.  In Lake in the Hills, one of the village’s main priorities is filling the former Dominick’s building at Randall and Algonquin roads, economic development coordinator George Hahne said.  The estimated 70,000-square-foot building has been vacant since 2014. Farm, ranch and home retail chain Big R had planned to move in but backed out in August. “It is absolutely front-of-mind to do anything that we can to get that Dominick’s store leased,” Hahne said.  Hahne said that there are challenges with the property that are making it hard to find a tenant, but he works to reach out to as many potential tenants as possible to fill the space.  Although the Dominick’s sits empty in the village, other spots in smaller strip malls have been doing well, Hahne said, noting the recent openings of Morningside Family Dental and Rock N Grill on Randall Road.  In Huntley, the village hired Tim Billimack of Blue Chip Commercial Real Estate in Crystal Lake as a retail consultant to help bring in retail businesses and restaurants. Billimack is paid $3,000 a month for his six-month contract that started in January, according to village documents. Billimack was hired by the village because of his history working in the village and his well-established roots in the industry, Huntley Village Manager Dave Johnson said.  Huntley doesn’t have many vacant retail spaces, Billimack and Johnson said, so the challenge is finding developers who are willing to build. A retail consultant is worth investing in because retail stores and restaurants are what residents want, Johnson said.  “The approach we’re trying right now, time will tell whether it will be successful,” Johnson said. One challenge in attracting retail businesses is the evolving retail industry, Johnson said. National retailers such as Gander Mountain, hhgregg and Family Christian have announced closings this year.  The Gander Mountain and Family Christian stores in Algonquin soon will be empty, but the former Dania Furniture building off Randall Road is one of Algonquin’s focuses now, community development director Russ Farnum said.  The 30,000-square-foot building has been closed for about two years, he said. Typically, the village works to stay in contact with brokers to spread information on available properties, Farnum said.  “We let [the brokers] make the deal; what we want to do is put the right people in the right place,” Farnum said, adding that finding the right space for the business ensures they stay put longer.  The village is looking at how the decline of brick-and-mortar retail facilities may affect its approach to attracting businesses, Farnum said, but right now the top priority is to generate sales tax. “Every dollar we have in sales tax is a dollar we don’t have to collect in property taxes to keep the village running and functioning,” Farnum said. Related Links Tickets available for National Alliance on Mental Illness McHenry County's 'Friend-Raiser' Crystal Lake approves smaller, balanced budget for 2018 McHenry County residents celebrate Earth Day at Prairieview Education Center in Crystal Lake McHenry County municipalities work to fill vacant spaces to increase tax base, provide for residents Village Squire’s liquor license suspended through April 30 Best of the Fox Northwest Herald's Best of the Fox 2017. Vote for your favorite McHenry County businesses! Vote now! Reader Poll How do you order your steak? Medium rare Medium Medium well Burn it Vote!Show results AboutContactAdvertiseSubscribe Privacy PolicyEditorial PrinciplesAbout Our Ads Place a Classified AdCareersCopyright © 2017 Northwest Herald. All rights reserved. Published in Crystal Lake, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. FacebookTwitterCommentsEmailPrintMore Google+RedditPinterestTumblr
GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 52° Low 45° High 54° Fayetteville 46° Low 41° High 48° Bentonville 46° Low 40° High 48° See complete forecast Bentonville Native, Greg Bohannan, Shares Fishing Tips And Signs Autographs Posted 10:33 pm, April 22, 2017, by Ninette Sosa, Updated at 10:39PM, April 22, 2017 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email ROGERS (KFSM) — When it comes to fishing, how do you predict unpredictable Beaver Lake? What type of tournament will heavy rains and spawning bass produce for this year’s Fishing League Worldwide (FLW) Tournament on Beaver Lake? Just a few of the questions that Old Spice professional angler, and Bentonville native, Greg Bohannan answered while signing autographs, taking photos, and even passing out Old Spice samples while at the Walmart Supercenter in Rogers on Saturday (April 22). Of course, there were the fishing tips he provided, too. This is the third year of “Old Spice Hook, Line and Leaders,” program. His goal during FLW tournament stops is to motivate youths to enjoy the outdoors. “I hope to inspire kids to unplug and get involved in their community —  through fishing,” said Bohannan. Since turning pro in 2008, he has fished 160 events, with three tournament wins and 16 top 10 finishes. He has qualified for the Forrest World Cup for four consecutive years and is pre-qualified for the Cup this year. Practice at Beaver Lake for the FLW tour’s yearly stop is Sunday (April 23) and the tournament kicks off on Thursday (April 27). For more information and FLW event details, click here.               Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Mercy Healthwatch Your latest health news. Popular 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Two Rescued After Being Trapped Under Fallen Tree At Barling Park Crawford County Deputy Arrested For Allegedly Having Relationship With Minor FOUND: Amber Alert Cancelled After Two Oklahoma Babies Found In Arkansas Latest News 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Alma Hosts State Weightlifting Championships Bentonville Native, Greg Bohannan, Shares Fishing Tips And Signs Autographs Arkansas’ Bullpen Shines In Win Over Auburn Erin Moran, “Happy Days” Star, Dead At Age 56 News Professional Fisherman Teaches Young Anglers News Gravette School District Hopes Senate Bill Will Soon Become Law Sports Huntsville Basketball Makes Success a Tradition Sports 7A-West Looks To Dethrone Central In State Tournament News Aussie Widower Looking For ‘Fishing Mate’ Reels In Thousands Of Applicants News WWL United Way Fishing Tournament Sports Rogers Boys Basketball Coach Resigns News Director Of Dogpatch Documentary Interviews Locals, Starts Funding Campaign Sports Bentonville’s McMahan Resigns As Basketball Coach News Rogers Man Faces Felony In Connection With Fourth DWI News Two Teens Accidentally Shot After One Pulls Trigger While Sticking Gun In Waistband, Police Said News Grandfather Killed By Security Guard While Playing Pokémon Go, Attorney Says News Oklahoma City Police Release Pictures Of Alleged Attempted Kidnapping Suspect Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
More Sites Times News Legals Autos Local Ads TV Listings INFO My Profile Subscribe Logout Law Enforcement Sections / Search Subscribe Info + Help Help Celebration Forms info Corrections FAQs Submit A News Tip Write a Letter to the Editor Info Advertise With Us Carrier Application Contact Us Deadlines and Policies Statewide Public Notices Subscribe Legal Comment Policy Copyright Information Privacy Policy Terms of Service More Jonesborough Herald & Tribune Kingsport Times-News Mountain City Tomahawk The Erwin Record Now Law Enforcement Home All Updates Quick Obituaries Arrested Contests Mountain Hops Local News Legal Notices Read the E-JCPress GO Tri MAIN |+ News Local Business Courts Education Health Care History Law Enforcement Nation Politics State Weather |+ Opinion Blog Column Editorial Letter to the Editor |+ Announcements Anniversary Community Engagement Obituary Wedding |+ Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Motorsports Softball Track & Field |+ Entertainment Art & Culture Fairs & Festivals GoTri Events Music |+ Lifestyle Cooking Faith Fashion Health & Fitness Hobbies & Interests Parenting Pets Seniors |+ Classifieds + More Autos Boats Classifieds Homes Jobs Rentals More Photos Videos Newsletter Member Rewards Games & Puzzles Local Ads Special Sections Tad Cummings Fleeing with student: Teacher took guns, cash and wife's car Associated Press • Apr 21, 2017 at 12:46 PM COLUMBIA, Tenn. — Teacher Tad Cummins took guns, money and his wife’s car before kidnapping a 15-year-old female student and taking her on a 2,500-mile cross-country journey that ended Thursday, court records show. He had just been suspended from teaching and police were zeroing in on him, questioning his relationship with the girl. After taking out a loan for $4,500, the records say, the teacher took the money and two handguns and wrote a note to his wife saying he needed to go to Virginia Beach or the D.C. area to clear his head. But instead of going to the beach, police say he picked up the student in Columbia, Tennessee, in his wife’s white Nissan Rogue on the morning of March 13, setting in motion a six-week police manhunt. “It is believed based on the investigation to date, as set forth herein, that Cummins, age 50, and victim, age 15, are involved in a sexual relationship and traveled in interstate commerce to continue their relationship and to engage in unlawful sexual activity,” the criminal complaint against Cummins says. Cummins, the federal complaint says, is charged with taking a minor across states lines to have sex. The Associated Press is not naming the girl or her family members because she is an alleged victim of a sex crime. Hotel companies alerted authorities that the two had checked in to motels in Oklahoma City and Guymon, Oklahoma, but they were gone by the time police got the tips, the complaint says. Surveillance video from Wal-Mart stores in Oklahoma City and Guymon captured video of the student and teacher. How they got to Cecilville, California, and why they went there remains a mystery to investigators. The teacher, police say, surrendered Thursday to sheriff’s deputies outside a cabin in a remote northern area of the state after a tip was called into the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation that Cummins and the student had taken up residence there for about a week and a half. The girl was apparently healthy and unharmed, and authorities said their main concern was her emotional and mental state. “The family is absolutely elated beyond words that this part of the ordeal is coming to an end,” Jason Whatley, an attorney for the girl’s family said Thursday evening. “We’re anxiously awaiting word on her condition.” A TBI plane is supposed to fly the girl back home. Cummins faces state charges of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor as well as the federal charges. If convicted of the federal charge, he faces at least 10 years in prison, acting U.S. Attorney Jack Smith said. The pair’s disappearance March 13 came after Cummins was investigated by the school system when another student reported seeing the then-married teacher kiss the girl at the Culleoka Unit School. Culleoka is about 60 miles (100 kilometers) south of Nashville near the Alabama state line. The school’s investigative files provided to the AP by the attorney show that both Cummins and the girl denied kissing. The teacher, however, acknowledged that the girl was “a really good friend and she does leave her other classes to come see him when she needs someone to calm her down,” according to a school report dated Jan. 30. The report recommended that the girl be taken out of Cummins’ class and that he be reprimanded to uphold his professional responsibility. The report also recommended that the administration monitor Cummins’ classroom to make sure students weren’t there when they weren’t supposed to be. Cummins was fired about a month after being suspended — a day after the TBI issued an Amber Alert about the teen. The teacher’s wife of 31 years has filed for divorce. Court records show that Jill Cummins sued her then-missing husband on the grounds of irreconcilable differences and inappropriate marital conduct. The wife, who works for the Maury County school system, said she had not seen her husband since March 13. The couple has two children together. Recommended for You Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Get Email Newsletters Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Add Us On Google+ RSS Feeds Most Commented Stories Johnson City Press Videos
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Investors push for more info on lobbying at US companies By Afp Published: 21:26 EDT, 22 April 2017 | Updated: 21:26 EDT, 22 April 2017 e-mail Dozens of US companies including Ford, Boeing, Wells Fargo, General Electric and Facebook, face shareholder votes on more disclosure about political lobbying Dozens of major US companies are facing shareholder votes this spring that seek to require more disclosure about political lobbying, as activists demand greater corporate transparency. Votes are set to take place at more than 40 annual meetings, including those for Boeing, Wells Fargo, Ford, General Electric and Facebook. The proposals have in many cases been offered before and predate the searing national political debates that have dominated America with the rise and election of President Donald Trump. But whether or not they have anything to do with broader political dynamics, early tallies in the 2017 season show more investors want to know about corporate spending on lobbying. About 37 percent of Disney's shareholders voted in favor of a measure on this issue, up five percent from last year's outcome, while Monsanto's vote came in at about 28 percent, up 7.5 percent from a year ago. There were also modest increases at Emerson Electric and Tyson Foods. While still a minority of shareholders, these counts are high enough to force management to take notice, corporate governance experts say. "There's a general discomfort with the notion of corporate funds for political purposes," said Charles Elson, corporate governance chair at the University of Delaware Alfred Lerner College of Business & Economics. "If it's explained and it's legitimate, there's nothing wrong with it. The question is the transparency." - Trade groups in focus - Companies are already required to account for annual lobbying expenditures in reports to Congress that detail the targeted issues and the amounts spent. However, proponents of the stepped-up measures say there are no requirements for reporting other aspects of lobbying, such as activities at the grassroots level or donations to trade organizations that lobby. Activists point to companies like GE and Disney that favor climate change policies and their links to groups like the Chamber of Commerce which have opposed key climate policies. They argue the companies should disclose their trade group memberships and the amount of money given to those groups that is then used for lobbying. "Transparency is good for investors and good for companies and it kind of goes to the principle of what gets disclosed gets managed," said John Keenan, corporate governance analyst at public employees union AFSCME, which has been in a leader in pushing for the measures. In response, companies argue that the additional sunshining is unnecessary and misstates the nature of a company's relationship with a trade group. "The associations and coalitions to which GE belongs perform many valuable functions," GE said in urging a "no" vote. "Lobbying is not the primary focus of these entities." "GE may not agree with every position or lobbying action taken by such associations," the company added. Disney said the proposal would exceed legal disclosure requirements and would "be misleadingly suggestive of the control we exercise over" trade groups. Some companies have revised their policies following talks with shareholders. Keenan said Wal-Mart Stores agreed to provide lobbying spending by state, while defense company Raytheon increased its disclosures, including providing a list of its trade association dues. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined to comment on the specifics about negotiations on lobbying disclosures, but said shareholders regularly decide to withdraw proposals following talks with the company. Raytheon declined comment. This year, Pfizer strengthened its oversight of lobbying by amending the corporate charter to place the responsibility with the Corporate Governance committee. - Business strikes back - As they battle this year's shareholder proposals, large companies through the Business Roundtable, a trade group, are pushing to limit future battles involving activists. In a letter to National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, the Business Roundtable urged officials to "tighten eligibility" to restrict investors "with insignificant stakes" from making proposals "that pursue social or political agendas unrelated to the interests of shareholders as a whole." The Business Roundtable argues the current $2,000 minimum requirement is "no longer a reasonable standard" to get on the ballot and should be raised to at least 0.15 percent at large companies. But corporate governance expert Elson rejected that argument. "Sometimes terrific ideas come from small investors," he said. "It's also become an important signaling mechanism that boards need to be aware of." Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'Tonight is in memory of Charlie': Paddy McGuinness dedicates Take Me Out to contestant who has died since filming latest episode How to catch a cheat: Spying on his texts, checking his satnav and even tracking his bike rides... ANTHEA TURNER became Miss Marple to expose husband's lies  Mel B and her nanny, 18, were lovers , had sex 'multiple times a week' - and it was Spice Girl NOT her husband who pressured the teen into making sex tapes, claims lawsuit 'She'll make the best possible life for her and the baby': Ferne McCann 'is expecting her first child' with fugitive boyfriend wanted over nightclub acid attack Ferne McCann's lover is arrested over acid attack five days on the run: Arthur Collins is captured by armed police after TOWIE star reveals she's PREGNANT by him  'I'm feeling nervous': New mother Alex Jones confirms she will return to The One Show on part time basis following birth of son Edward Returns on Monday Love triangle: Kylie Jenner is caught holding hands with Travis Scott at Coachella... after awkward run-in with former flame Tyga What will Tyga think? 'That's the freakiest s*** I've seen all week!': Simon Cowell and David Walliams send fans wild with hilarious Faceswap... and the results are horrifying TOWIE's Pete Wicks and Georgia Kousoulou pictured in a heated row on the street as they film tense new scenes for the show Incredibly tense 'The longer things hang in the air, the more nervous people become': Nicole Scherzinger is yet to sign up for the next series of The X Factor 'I'm daddy's job now!': Simon Cowell's son Eric, 3, takes his father's seat at the judging table as the music mogul brings him to Britain's Got Talent auditions That could be my last ever dance: Britain's Got Talent teenager Julia Carlile reveals she needs $100,000 for surgery to cure her curved spine  'Caben needs his daddy': Stephanie Davis shares sweet throwback snap of her son... as she supports Jeremy McConnell through difficult rehab  Busty Olivia Buckland sends fans wild as she flashes her cleavage in tiny bralette... after setting a date to marry Love Island beau Alex Bowen TOWIE star James Argent gets a welcome home kiss from co-star Pete Wicks... as he catches up with friends after spending 10 weeks in Thai rehab I was seduced by Mel B, says nanny: Bombshell legal claim that the singer had a seven-year sexual relationship with exchange student Sorry, Jane Park! The X Factor star Sam Callahan steps out with Chloe Paige... after branding Euromillions winner ex 'obsessive' In CBB 2017? Harry styles it just like Jagger: Same clothes, same pout and even the same taste in women.... no wonder Mick's fed up with his One Direction mini-me  'She was one of their targets': Rita Ora reportedly declined Mel B and Stephen Belafonte when they asked her to partake in a threesome 'After a dinner in LA' Jennifer Lopez's Bye Bye Birdie Live gets a release date... as NBC chairman Robert Greenblatt hints a live version of Wicked could be in the works Inseparable! Pop star Jennifer Lopez, 47, and Alex Rodriguez, 41, are as stylish as ever while heading into airport in Miami, US 'My heart can't cope!': Viewers are overcome with emotion after young singer Reuben Gray is surprised by his father who works overseas on Britain's Got Talent Henry Winkler and Ron Howard lead tributes to their Happy Days co-star Erin Moran after actress who played feisty teenager Joanie Cunningham dies at 56 Back to the grind! Make-up free Kellie Bright grabs a coffee as she makes her eagerly awaited EastEnders comeback following birth of son Gene PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Danielle Lloyd flaunts her blossoming baby bump in a bright bikini as she packs on the PDA with fiancé Michael O'Neill on holiday with her three boys Former UFC champion Ronda Rousey, 30, confirms engagement to MMA fighter Travis Browne as she posts hilarious Instagram snap Not so golden! TOWIE's Pete Wicks suffers a tanning fail as he steps out sporting a reddish glow... while it's claimed he is 'still in love' with his ex Megan McKenna A very modern look! Ariel Winter sparkles in embellished thigh-skimming minidress as she attends the 2017 Tribeca Film Festival A dazzling appearance 'I am not going to dwell on that subject': Caitlyn Jenner CONFIRMS she has had gender reassignment surgery during 20/20 interview Written a memoir Girls night out! Lena Dunham cuddles up to her mom at the premiere of My Art at Tribeca Film Festival She teamed chunky sneakers with her dress Shore you haven't forgotten something? Marnie Simpson flaunts her enviable curves as she goes braless in sheer top Revenge body Keeping it in the family! Britney Spears shares rare photo of her brother Bryan with her two sons He may stay out of the limelight, but Bryan is still a big part of her life Svelte Vicky Pattison is named as face of new Ann Summers swimwear collection... after lashing out at claims she has 'ballooned to a size 16' Alesha Dixon moved to tears by young dancer with spinal condition... as she gives second golden buzzer of series to teen troupe Just Us on Britain's Got Talent Doctor Who star Peter Capaldi joins fans in March For Science protest... a week after show's first gay companion is showered with praise Seeing red! Chloe Sims catches the eye in vibrant scarlet culottes ... after her explosive showdown with Megan McKenna on The Only Way Is Essex 'They're always the worst': Elisabeth Moss talks about her 'awkward' sex scenes in The Handmaid's Tale Says no actor enjoys filming sex scenes Talented Yorkshire superfan, 13, plays Shape Of You for Ed Sheeran backstage at his sell-out concert... after singing Photograph at her 33-year-old mother's funeral  Did the earth move? Einstein does a Night Manager - and exposes the gravity of his depravity: Physicist has a very intimate embrace with his secretary in new TV series Genius  Fabulous at 59! Andie Macdowell is a timeless beauty as she flaunts her age-defying figure in chic dress at movie premiere Time treated her well Going strong! Leggy Selma Blair looks ready for summer in t-shirt and shorts as she enjoys day out with beau Ron Carlson Used her time wisely 'They are really, really close': George Lineker plants a kiss on former Made In Chelsea star Jess Woodley's cheek... as friends claim he 'treats her like a princess' Line of Duty's Vicky McClure is ordered off her own tram after being suspected of fare evasion  Found herself on the wrong side of the law  Yo-ga to be kidding me! Former TOWIE star Pascal Craymer puts on a busty display in low cut top as she shows off her incredible flexibility Looked stunning Soccer mom! Jennifer Garner flashes her pins in denim shorts as she takes her children to sports practice She prefers to leave the Hollywood out of it Joanna Blooper! Real Housewives of Miami star Krupa falls victim to a gust of wind as she flashes her nude knickers while stepping out for dinner 'We're all good!' Liam Payne's ex girlfriend Sophia Smith reveals she's 'congratulated' him on becoming a dad... after previously confessing his age gap with Cheryl was 'weird' Arnold Schwarzenegger cuts dapper figure in a striped blazer as he preps for flight to Brazil for his annual sports festival Now that's a Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her pins in VERY small denim shorts as she performs at the West Ham game in the club's football strip Something to celebrate, Ma'am? Beaming Queen watches as her horse wins at Newbury races crowning a VERY happy 91st birthday weekend  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Now even Posh's mother learns The Victoria as she poses with one foot in front of the other and an arm hid down by her side  'It's that time of year again!' Mark Wright copies Paddy McGuinness as he strips off for steamy shower ahead of Take Me Out spin-off show No tears on the shop floor! Steps stars Claire Richards, Faye Tozer and Lisa Scott-Lee enjoy a celebratory shopping spree... after comeback single tops the iTunes charts It's a slam dunk! Kobe and Vanessa Bryant cut a glamorous couple as they step out for premiere of Dear Basketball He's not done just yet Seeing red! Chloe Sims catches the eye in vibrant scarlet culottes ... after her explosive showdown with Megan McKenna on The Only Way Is Essex 'I demand that you bring it back immediately': Fans of The Chase are in uproar as ITV confirm it will be taken off air for a MONTH to pave the way for Rylan Clark-Neal's new game show EXCLUSIVE 'Sex is fabulous! But it's not the only thing gay men have to offer!' MIC star turned tech entrepreneur Ollie Locke reveals why he launched dating app 'My vacation is always more beautiful when I'm next to my beautiful wife': Patrick Dempsey shares sweet note one year after reconciling with ex PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Beck at the wheel! Brooklyn Beckham takes his flashy new £35,000 Land Rover for a spin in London... after receiving FOUR parking tickets last year 'Best EastEnders scene I've EVER seen!': Hunky Lee Ryan sparks Twitter meltdown as he strips off for topless scene with co-star Shona McGarty Pulses racing Ravishing in red! Selena Gomez sizzles in skintight gown to attend wedding of Wizards Of Waverly Place co-star David Henrie Kourtney Kardashian angers tweeters who call her 'immoral' after she wears a fur coat while joking she is having a 'a mental breakdown' 'Hi, piggy!' Chrissy Teigen gives baby Luna cute Snapchat filters as they take off with John Legend She had a bit of fun with her one-year-old Keep it under your hat! Cara Delevigne covers her newly cropped hairstyle under a cap...  after revealing she will 'shave her head' for latest film role 'That's you in trouble again... too young for make-up': Katie Price faces MORE backlash after sharing a photo of her daughter Bunny, two, with lipstick smeared across her face 'Love your body the way it is!': Demi Lovato claims she used 'no filter, no edit' while posing makeup-free in teeny bikini Looked better than ever. 'I look at all the other coaches and think am I the only normal one here?': The Voice's Boy George 'can't avoid' clashing with 'weird' judges GIRL ABOUT TOWN: No wonder Catherine Zeta-Jones is a smooth operator... her bathroom cabinet is full of expensive lotions and potions  Enjoying her pregnancy! Serena Williams lounges on the beach in Mexico after announcing she is 20 weeks along with first baby The thighs the limit! Pregnant Beyonce shows off her growing baby bump in mini dress and thigh highs combo for Instagram photo shoot Natural beauty! Gisele Bundchen frolics by the beach in tiny string bikini as she leads the stars on social media with Earth Day snaps Body of an angel GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Mystery as Fatboy Slim's beachside cafe is panned in a 'vendetta' as TripAdvisor postings suggest it is chaotic and unhygienic  He's 'Eternal': Cuba Gooding Jr pays touching tribute to his late soul singer father by posting the cover of his Greatest Hits album on Instagram GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Spencer Matthews sporting his girlfriend Vogue Williams's hair extensions in a far-from-subtle protest about her not being invited to Pippa's wedding?  Date night in LA! Selena Gomez and The Weeknd take in John Mayer's concert as their relationship hits six month mark Good for them 'He really likes her!': David Spade, 52, has 'fallen' for new girlfriend Naya Rivera, 30... as the actors are seen on steamy dinner date in LA Met on Mad Families set Zayn Malik shakes off his boy band image as he smokes and drinks at 'wildest house party imaginable' in new video for Still Got Time... and there's a MONKEY too Saturday Kitchen causes a stir after host John Torode berates guest chef for 'double dipping' with same spoon Berating EXCLUSIVE 'We made the first episode shut in a closet': MIC's Francis Boulle and Jamie Laing have started a podcast... because they can't just pose in a dress like most reality stars That's one expensive bathroom break! Amy Schumer buys a salesperson a mattress as a thank you for using a store's restroom  How kind Showing him what she's got! Jennifer Lopez, 47, flashes her bra with sheer green dress as she joins Alex Rodriguez, 41, for dinner in Miami Alicia Douvall 'threatens to sue' after adult website uses her images to build fake profile offering 'discreet, flirty chat' with subscribers His anniversary gift! LeAnn Rimes poses in skimpy red bikini as she celebrates six years of marriage with Eddie Cibrian Stunning That just-rolled-out-of-bed look: Kesha tries to pass off a skimpy silk and lace slip as a dress while heading into LAX airport 'I'm not dating him!' Tyga's rumoured new squeeze Jordan Ozuna hits back at claims she is dating the rapper following his split from Kylie Jenner She doesn't age! Playboy vet Donna D'Errico, 49, looks sensational at Baywatch reunion 20 years after leaving the TV series Just as sensational  'Can't wait to sing for you and see all your looks!': Lady Gaga shares new makeup face tattoo for second weekend of Coachella Shared her new look  Simon Cowell and his fellow Britain's Got Talent judges left spellbound by eight-year-old budding magician Issy Simpson's tricks Cindy Crawford, 51, Christie Brinkley, 63, and Gigi Hadid, 21, share their first Harper's Bazaar covers to celebrate 150 year anniversary of magazine EXCLUSIVE: Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump return from their morning run in the rain near their home in Washington DC Dressed in black Pink to make the boys wink! Curvaceous Iskra Lawrence flashes her toned tummy in floral crop top and casual baseball jacket as she steps out in New York Flashed a slither of waist Her business look! Jessica Simpson flashes her cleavage in low-cut top she pairs with black pantsuit at New York summit for her brand  EXCLUSIVE: 'That night she was definitely matchmaker': DJ Ruckus reveals how Paris Hilton brought him together with fiancée Shanina Shaik and admitted baby plans are 'definitely' on the cards It's official! Deadpool 2 starring Ryan Reynolds as the Marvel anti-hero lands a release date The actor reprises his role as the disfigured anti-hero Glee(ful)! Lea Michele looks in good spirits as she steps out in bright fuchsia kimono and ripped jeans ensemble In good spirits as she arrived at the BBC 'I couldn't breathe!': Former N-Dubz star Fazer reveals his shock after saving daughter Ava, 4, from raging house fire We Belong Together! Mariah Carey and ex husband Nick Cannon spark rumours of a romantic reunion after heading out for dinner for the second day in a row Family time in the Big Apple! Claire Danes and Hugh Dancy take their son Cyrus and Hugh's father Jonathan for a stroll in NYC Wore a big scarf Legs eleven! Emily Ratajkowski shimmers in red dress at Marie Claire Fresh Faces event in LA Stunning Coronation Street star Simon Gregson works up a sweat on a cycle ride with his new personal trainer in a bid to get fit and healthy Getting in shape Mel B's nanny Lorraine Gilles 'claims Spice Girl told her to "do the right thing" in handwritten note... weeks before filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte' New court battle 'I had to sell my sofa for money to live': Olivia Buckland insists she is 'eternally grateful' as she reflects on her lavish lifestyle... after enjoying a blissful break with fiancé Alex Bowen in Spain Red hot! Kady McDermott showcases enviably toned stomach and peachy derriere in skimpy scarlet bikini as she tops up her tan in the Maldives Surrogate for hire! Kim Kardashian shows flat post-baby tummy as fellow reality star Shawna Craig offers to carry her child (and yes, she's serious) 'I loved what she said': Ryan Murphy reacts to Olivia De Havilland's statement she has 'no memory' of the 1963 Oscars depicted on Feud Lucy Mecklenburgh hits back at claims she 'retouches her photos' and reveals she has actually put on 'a few pounds' during LA trip... after fans express concerns she is 'getting too thin' White hot! Zoey Deutch flaunts her cleavage and toned legs in sexy semi-sheer dress as she steps out for magazine event Stylish Mel B's former nanny Lorraine Gilles claims she was seduced into group sex by singer and Stephen Belafonte... as she accuses Spice Girl of depicting her as a 'homewrecker'  Made In Chelsea's Louise Thompson keeps her extremely chiselled abs covered in an all-black ensemble... as she joins boyfriend Ryan Libbey for a date night in London PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Wright oozes confidence in chic striped top and jeans... as she is pictured for first time since stepping out with Rio Ferdinand Stevie Wonder leads the droves of A-list guests arriving for lavish £200,000 wedding of Rory McIlroy and Erica Stoll (but complains that Ireland is a 'bit cold') From en pointe to gun point: Line Of Duty tough girl Vicky McClure nearly took a very different career path as a BALLERINA... before her 'clicky ankles' dashed her dancing dream Mel B's ex Jimmy Gulzar claims she 'threatened to report their daughter Phoenix missing if she went to visit him'... and says he 'contacted her ex Eddie Murphy over Stephen Belafonte gun claims seven years ago' 'Discharged only to be readmitted': Professor Green is sent back to hospital following complications after undergoing FIVE hour operation for three hernias EXCLUSIVE: Meet Tyga's new squeeze: Jordan Ozuna's 'obsessed' with Kim Kardashian, modeled for Kanye, and went on a date with Justin Bieber Red hot! Leggy Khloe Kardashian flashes the flesh in skimpy lingerie couture as she steps out in LA Revenge body! Tom Jones embraces the sunshine as he runs errands in Beverly Hills while enjoying a well-deserved break Back home Claire Danes oozes understated elegance as she showcases her slender physique in a strapless black cocktail dress at plush Tiffany bash Blast from the past... Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in '90s inspired ensembles for John Mayer's concert 'Stop obsessing!' The X Factor star Sam Callahan begs lottery millionaire Jane Park to move on... amid claims she's following him into Big Brother house Nick Knowles' estranged wife Jessica shows off her hourglass figure in stylish black jumpsuit as she leads the glamour at the Blog Awards Born to fly! Delta Goodrem rocks double denim and a faux fur vest as she lands in Melbourne ahead of the TV Logie Awards Get ready for more Avatar! James Cameron reveals FOUR sequels will be coming out in the next eight years Beauty in blush! Sofia Vergara pairs nude tank with leather skirt as she heads to a dinner in West Hollywood Form-fitting ensemble Keeping Up With The Kleavage! Kris Jenner, 61, flashes her bra in risque semi-sheer bodysuit for fashion event... after ex Caitlyn dishes the dirt on their marriage Paris Jackson shows off her enviable model figure in casual crop top and quirky boho skirt as she heads to a John Mayer concert in LA Crop top and boho skirt Blonde bombshell Lottie Moss shows off her tiny waist in plunging crop top and heavily ripped jeans for night out Together in leather! Jedward ramp up their extreme taste for fashion in Dublin wearing matching leather trousers and gold leaf jackets Out with her mini me! Michelle Monaghan takes daughter Willow, eight, to art gallery event in West Hollywood The 41-year-old actress beamed Baby, it's cold outside! Newly single Hilary Duff rugs up as she heads out on the town in New York  Struggled to keep warm William and Kate's life behind palace doors: Royals open up about watching Homeland with curry, partying with Tinie Tempah and texting DJs for shoutouts Pink lady! Kiernan Shipka steps out in satin pink gown and silver peep toe heels as she supports new show Feud  Still a punk at heart! Sex Pistols star John Lydon cosies up to wife Nora as he jokes around at his documentary premiere during the Tribeca Film Festival Mel B is using our divorce to alienate me from our daughters, claims her ex: Singer's estranged husband says an armed police officer could keep him in line on visits  SPOILER ALERT: It's uncanny! Simon Cowell meets his namesake on Britain's Got Talent... a spoon-balancing IT worker from the Isle of Man The future's looking bright! Cody Simpson dons a pair of flamboyant sunglasses as he beams for his waiting fans at airport Big smile EXCLUSIVE: Laurence Fishburne's daughter Montana 'ranted about Donald Trump, her porn career and Michael Jackson, and made sexually explicit comments to cops while being arrested for DUI' police report claims She's timeless! Andie MacDowell, 59, flaunts her age-defying figure in plunging glittering gown as she arrives at Groundhog Day musical Jetsetter! Heidi Klum cuts a casual figure in white trousers and black Gucci hoodie at LAX... after flashing the flesh for lingerie shoot Bringing the glam! Reese Witherspoon dazzles in ultra chic emerald green gown as she flashes hint of cleavage at Tiffany & Co. bash Coronation Street star Katie McGlynn shows off her slimmer figure in form-fitting little black dress... after dropping two stone in weight Looks hot All black everything! Salma Hayek dons leather pants for 11th Hour showing at NYC's Tribeca Film Festival 'They want people to hear their reactions': The Kardashians are 'set to film themselves watching the Caitlyn Jenner special on KUWTK in revenge for her spilling their secrets' Bringing sexy back! Jenna Dewan Tatum stuns in sheer black dress to support husband Channing Tatum at opening of Magic Mike Live in Vegas Vanessa White gives a saucy flash of her assets in plunging bra as she documents night out on Instagram... after attending bridal fashion bash in Chelsea It ain't easy being green! Sofia Richie looks serious as she colour coordinates her athleisure  Not her happy self 'He really really wanted a boy': Sam Faiers reveals she felt 'pressure' from husband Paul Knightley to have a baby son in new interview on motherhood KK Undercover! Kourtney Kardashian sports blonde wig as she interviews strangers in Hollywood for Jimmy Kimmel Live! Unrecognisable 'We're fine with each other': Caitlyn Jenner talks Kris Jenner as she reveals she's become distant with some of her children in 20/20 interview Keeping it cool! Actress Rose Byrne rocks an edgy leather jacket over her dainty floral frock at the Tribeca Film Festival Red carpet rock MIC's Rosie Fortescue showcases her sexy style as she poses in a bold floral dress and racy knee-length boots at upscale bridal wear fashion launch party Mandy Moore dazzles in purple sequin dress for Marie Claire's Fresh Faces event in West Hollywood Jonah Hill continues to display his slimline physique as he steps out in New York City in a sporty bomber jacket and beanie hat Jamie Lee Curtis, 58, puts on a glamorous display in a smart blazer and tailored trousers as she joins Jake Gyllenhaal at Tribeca Film Festival screening So money can buy love? Tyga seen purchasing an almost $4000 Chanel bag... just a day after cozying up with Kylie Jenner look-a-like Jordan Ozuna 'I got myself a day job': James Blunt reveals Australia's X Factor enabled break from touring Amy Adams keeps it casual as she cuddles up to husband Darren Le Gallo on Beverly Hills stroll Much needed break In the name of fashion! Olivia Culpo flashes her legs during photo shoot in West Hollywood Back to business 'She wants her jewellery and her earnings to remain hers': Kate Beckinsale 'responds to divorce petition filed by ex Len Wiseman' EXCLUSIVE: The pictures that will break Kylie's heart: Tyga embraces gorgeous Jenner clone after split Their three year romance was marred by splits SPOILER ALERT: Amber Turner makes a shocking dig at Chloe Meadows as she tries to diffuse tension between her and ex Jamie Reed on Only Way Is Essex That'll keep off the chill! Charlotte McKinney oozes elegance in floor-length coat and sparkly stilettos as she climbs the Empire State Building to promote new film Heidi Klum bares her body as she gets bronzer applied to her cleavage for racy lingerie shoot She recently enjoyed a Costa Rican holiday That looks familiar! Katy Perry channels Kim Kardashian as she rocks platinum blonde braids and plunging one piece  Inspired by her hair PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Hail that 'flu' diet! Kim Kardashian swaps Virgin Mary look for racy underwear on the sidewalk after losing 6lbs 'She sounds posher than the princes!' Viewers complain they can't understand Kate's VERY plummy accent - while Harry baffles with his use of 'ain't' Vicky Pattison continues to fight persistent weight gain rumours as she flashes her thighs in a saucy new selfie She's a mission Love Island's Olivia Buckland flaunts her tiny waist in skimpy bikini as she cosies up to inked fiancé Alex Bowen on Spanish getaway 'He nearly burned the place down': Harry Styles 'suffers backstage calamity' after setting his shirt alight following Saturday Night Live performance She's doing something Wright! Ex-TOWIE star Jess shows off her impressively toned abs in skimpy sports bra at personal training session 'I fear this will be judged': Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display in a barely-there lace bra and tasseled jacket at Coachella Eye-popping selfie She's made the cut! Make-up free Cara Delevingne shows off her new cropped hairstyle after lopping her trademark locks for latest film role SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Pippa Middleton recruits Kate's celebrity crimper for her intimate wedding  Wants a 'family affair' Star in stripes! Kelly Rowland flaunts her physique in figure-hugging black outfit as she heads to lunch in Beverly Hills Looking sharp! Scarlett Johansson suits up in polka dot blouse to interview director John Favreau for Tribeca Talks series She's the boss Twinkle, twinkle! Lena Dunham dazzles in silver mini-dress at Power Of Women luncheon She was all about the ladies as she showed off her unique style Lucy Mecklenburgh displays her incredible physique in a skimpy peach bikini as she relaxes poolside during Los Angeles getaway Unbelievably toned 'We never really talked about mum': William and Harry reveal they didn't share their grief over Diana's death - as Kate describes 'life changing' impact of motherhood Former Rolling Stones bassist Bill Wyman, 80, enjoys a rare public outing with wife Suzanne Accosta... one year after prostate cancer diagnosis Who'll win the fashion face-off? Ladies Day revellers at the Scottish Grand National step out in VERY racy outfits Racegoers stepped out in some revealing outfits 'I dated him, too!': RHONY's Sonja Morgan admits fling with Owen Wilson after confessing she romanced Jack Nicholson That's a bit wild! The Apprentice star Jessica Cunningham teams leopard print coat with thigh-skimming minidress at the UK Blog Awards Her majesty! Margot Robbie set to star as Queen Elizabeth opposite Saoirse Ronan in new Mary Queen of Scots movie Quite a crowd-pleaser I am disappointed in Donald: Caitlyn Jenner hits out at President Trump over LGBTQ rights but admits she DID vote for him in new interview  'She's had early discussions': Nicole Scherzinger is 'in talks for starring role as Elphaba in the movie adaptation of Wicked'... after West End stint A 13th-century castle, A-list guests and a special performance from Stevie Wonder: Inside the lavish £200k wedding of Rory McIlroy and Erica Stoll  How will Kate counter Markle's sparkle? They're both beauties but Meghan has copied the Duchess's curls with a cooler twist  Not as alike as seems Emily Ratajkowski plays the girl next door in cute blue gingham dress on rare outing with boyfriend Jeff Magid Used to flashing her skin 'Will I die?' Caprice breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she recalls shocking brain tumour diagnosis and vow to 'be strong' for her young sons 'She showed off some antiques she just bought her mother and skipped off to her room': Carrie Fisher's Catastrophe co-star talks about her shocking death  A Royal engagement! Princess Beatrice cuts an elegant figure in chic black minidress as she attends Kairos Society Global Summit in New York They could be sisters! Melanie Griffith looks fabulous at 59 as she steps out in ripped denim with gorgeous daughter Stella, 20 It's uncanny Steps' Claire Richards continues to showcase her slender figure after losing SIX STONE... as the pop group appear on This Morning discuss their latest comeback 'Romance could be on the cards': Ex-TOWIE lovers Chris Clark and Amber Dowding have 'reconnected' during recent filming... after his split from Jesy Nelson Toff notch! MIC star Georgia shows off her quirky style in boho floral maxi dress and sporty trainers at star-studded bridalwear launch party Karlie Kloss shows off her killer legs in a bright colour-block dress and bomber jacket as she arrives at the Good Morning America studios What's his secret? Sylvester Stallone, 70, looks shockingly youthful and fit as he steps out for lunch in Beverly Hills with yellow shirt Out of this world! Rob Lowe dons astronaut suit with white wig and facial hair for new gig as KFC's colonel The West Wing actor met the chicken pioneer Paris Jackson the bunny girl cuddles godfather Macaulay Culkin while sitting on his lap in Instagram snap A tight-knit family Cuba Gooding Jr returns to work with Jaden Smith the day after his soul singer father died of 'suspected overdose' He looked downcast Pyjama party! Doutzen Kroes is effortlessly cool as she wears loose-fitting pantsuit at Tiffany & Co event in New York Wears almost anything Frill seeker! Jennifer Hudson stands out in bold yellow mini-dress as she joins fellow A-listers for Tiffany & Co. event in NYC Shone among stars Millionaire former Saturdays singer Vanessa White is handed £50,000 of taxpayers' cash to boost her solo career abroad  Earned £2m with group Katherine Heigl's troubled career takes ANOTHER hit as Unforgettable projected to bomb at box office She plays demented divorcée Tessa 'I always wondered why you peed sitting down': Kris Jenner reflects on marriage in chat with Caitlyn... but talk of ex's final surgery turns awkward  Sheer brilliance! Gisele Bundchen flaunts her famous figure in a VERY revealing black lace jumpsuit She shows no sign of slowing down It's in the genes! Gigi Hadid looks picture perfect despite the ugly mom jeans as she heads out in New York Rocked the baggy high-wasted jeans A dream in green! Eva Longoria flaunts toned torso in jade bikini as she hits the beach on holiday in Hawaii with hubby José Bastón In fantastic shape SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Great-grandad dancing by Jagger, 73, as he throws some moves at a music festival  Filmed by daughter Jade It's a cinch! Ashley Graham wears corset belt over nude dress at Power Of Women luncheon  She made a stylish appearance EXCLUSIVE: Kelly Osbourne reveals a man threw a Subway foot-long at her head calling her 'a fat b***h' and how she watched  Ozzy and Sharon flatline Why must my partner's slobby son who does nothing in the home wreck my hope of happiness?  BEL MOONEY a stepmum Actor Edgar Ramirez plays a gored Gianni Versace as cameras roll on American Crime Story in LA Featured missing patches of flesh Beefy Ben Affleck looks muscular as he preps for Batman... while ex Jennifer Garner steps out in summer dress Deadly in denim! Bella Hadid is a vision in frayed statement jacket as she makes the picturesque streets of Paris her catwalk Going to Karl Lagerfeld's Is Ferne fleeing the country? TOWIE star McCann 'spotted at an airport' as police hunt for her boyfriend over acid attack that left two people blind  Clowning around! Madonna shares silly selfies with twin daughters Stella and Esther She adopted twin girls from Malawi in February 'I'll tidy it later!' Charlotte Crosby shows off her washboard stomach and lean legs in a sizzling red bikini... after hitting back over messy room selfie Ex On The Beach's Charlotte Dawson flaunts serious side boob in barely-there swimwear and gold harness during Spanish getaway Private Prince: Never-seen-before pictures of reclusive Purple Rain megastar give a rare insight into the everyday life of tragic virtuoso one year on from his death There's no place like home! Harper Beckham and pet pooch Olive channel Dorothy and Toto in sweet Wizard Of Oz inspired video posted by dad David Kate Wright hits back at trolls as she is blasted online after being pictured with 'boyfriend' Rio Ferdinand for the first time Lucy Mecklenburgh flaunts her slender figure and amazing abs in a series of bright bikinis as she continues her extended LA getaway 'Tis the seasoned! Celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay draws inspiration from Will Ferrell as he dons a wacky ELF costume on MasterChef Junior Charlie Hunnam looks suave at King Arthur: Legend Of The Sword photocall in Beijing... after giving rare insight into his 'terrible' first Vegas marriage That's my name! Kristin Chenoweth dazzles in emerald mini dress with low-cut neckline...and totes custom clutch The Only Way Is... Out! TOWIE favourite James 'Arg' Argent will 'take an extended break from reality series following his stint in a Thai rehab facility' Blue belle Reese Witherspoon looks picture perfect as she steps out in stylish in coat and matching dress  Filming Wrinkle In Time 'It was internalised misogyny': Anne Hathaway admits she 'didn't trust' One Day director Lone Scherfig because she was a woman Nick who? Emmerdale star Gemma Oaten looks VERY loved up with new film producer beau Scott Walker as the pair lay on the PDA at an event in London Leggy day out! Yolanda Hadid highlights her svelte frame in skinny jeans with a knitted sweater for solo outing in NYC Highlighted slim legs Just a soupçon: Trinny Woodall enjoys a light lunch in a striking powder blue coat with her partner Charles Saatchi at their favourite eatery Scott's in Mayfair FIRST LOOK: New images from fifth season of House of Cards hint at a reinvigorated Frank Underwood Oh what a lovely war! Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main navigation Top Navigation SECTIONS News Arts Life Sports Opinion Obituaries Events Galleries Classified CapRegion Cars CapRegion Homes CapRegion Jobs Classified Place a Classified Ad Rentals Login Subscribe Home News Local State National/World Business Education Arts Theater & Dance Music Movies Books Galleries & Museums Life Food Health History Home Restaurants Sports Local High School College National Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Blogs & Columns Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Blogs & Columns Obituaries Events Galleries Classified Hide Advanced Search Narrow your search News Arts Life Sports Opinion All Date Range FROM TO   Subscriber login Enter your email address. Enter the password that accompanies your email address. Forgot Password? Leave this field blank Sunday, April 23, 2017 News What you need to know for 04/23/2017 Gershon's greatest hits: 10 super sandwiches1:00 AMUnion students promote fly fishing1:00 AM'A shortage of coffins' after Taliban slaughter unarmed soldiers5:40 PMA teenage girl was 'brainwashed' before she was abducted by her teacher, her father says5:27 PMSurgeon general is removed by Trump administration, replaced by deputy for now12:30 PM Community leaders, residents explain life in a food desert Community leaders, residents explain life in a food desert Limited immediate access to supermarkets greatly affects the elderly John Cropley | April 22, 2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE PIN EMAIL Marva Isaacs, the president of the Hamilton Hill Neighborhood Association on Saturday, January 18, 2014 Photographer: Gazette archive photo The challenge of Schenectady’s food deserts is well documented, but it boils down to these words by Northside resident Candace Robinson: Many people can’t buy the food they want in their neighborhoods, but they can’t afford to shop elsewhere. “All there is is Rite Aid and these little corner stores that charge you an arm and a leg," she said. “It’s very difficult; I have to either borrow a car or take a cab.”  Neighborhoods without a nearby supermarket are called food deserts. There are almost always options to buy something to eat, but they can be expensive, unhealthy and limited. Schenectady City Council member Marion Porterfield, a longtime resident of Hamilton Hill, said the Hill and the adjoining Vale neighborhood are very limited in their retail food offerings. "As the neighborhood grows, I'm hoping we can actually get a supermarket,” she said. “There needs to be someplace that’s walkable.” The little corner stores sprinkled throughout the city’s neighborhoods are not the answer, Porterfield said, and through no fault of their own. They lack the buying power of a supermarket, so they pay more and charge more for goods. As a result, Porterfield said, residents can pay more to shop locally or pay for a taxi to get somewhere with better prices or selection. (Robinson said a one-way ride from her Clarendon Street home to the Glenville Walmart is $8 on weekdays and $10 on weekends.) Porterfield said the Hill and Vale get a lot of attention, but the city's downtown area is a food desert, too, and the Northside is probably the worst food desert in the city. Camille Sasinowski, president of the Goose Hill Neighborhood Association, said the Northside has been trying in vain to attract a supermarket since a mini-sized Price Chopper closed in Sheridan Plaza in 2006. “The lack of a full-service market has impacted this neighborhood incredibly,” Sasinowski said. “We are in dire need, and we have been trumpeting that for several years now.” The elderly are affected most, she said, because so many don’t drive. The one thing they’ve got in their favor is that many still grow vegetables in backyard gardens, she added. Hamilton Hill Neighborhood Association President Marva Isaacs confirmed the impact on the elderly. “It’s terrible for the older folks,” she said. “They need to put a supermarket here, where people can walk. Those taxis are not cheap.” Isaacs said she hopes a discussion and recent studies of food deserts lead somewhere. “I haven’t seen any solutions,” she said. Hill resident Beverly Perryman said she’s watched the shopping options steadily slip away from her neighborhood since she moved there in 1976. She and her husband both have cars, so living in a food desert is not a big problem for them, but some of her neighbors are worse off, she said. “There are some seniors that are knowledgeable about buses that take them over” to food pantries and supermarkets, Perryman said. But in some cases, “They really don't know what's out there.” She added: “I think it would be wonderful to have something here.” Robinson said food pantries can be useful, but they’re hard to get to. The new pantry in Yates Village is very popular with residents of that housing complex, she said. But those who don't live there can stand in line a long time to get help, which in her case is difficult, due to arthritis pain. “I used to go to the food pantry on Balltown Road, but again, you need a car,” Robinson said. She liked going because that pantry gave fresh produce, which she would cook for herself and her great-grandson.  “They gave out all kinds of fruits and vegetables,” she said. “Once in a while, I can get down to the farmers market.” View Comments Hide Comments Related Content Studying the problem, looking for solutions Solutions devised in Schenectady's food deserts Food desert resident wants to turn bus into mobile market 'Best Biggest Little Cities in America': Schenectady's there Zen Asian Fusion Lounge adding space next door SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE PIN EMAIL Premium Content Gershon's greatest hits: 10 super sandwiches 1:00 AM Steaks, sides, setting sparkle at Salt & Char 1:00 AM Let’s start getting the lead out of ammo 1:00 AM Devils have left the building (maybe) 11:41 PM Stay up-to-date with the Daily Gazette's PM Edition The latest news delivered directly to your inbox every day at 2 p.m. Email Address Most read in News Aldi's plan being reviewed in Glenville Drug investigation results in arrests, gun and drug seizures Glenville starts Yates mansion work Pathologist: 8-year-old Charlotte died 'almost immediately' Memories of Chuck Steiner The locally owned voice of the capital region Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Plus Pintrest RSS The Daily Gazette Co. 2345 Maxon Rd Ext. PO Box 1090 Schenectady, NY 12301 Get Directions (518) 374-4141 © 2017 The Daily Gazette Privacy Policy Terms of Service Learn more about the Daily Gazette Advertise with the Daily Gazette Services Contact Us Activate Online Access Missed Delivery Vacation Stop FAQ Advertise Careers Place a classified ad E-Edition Subscribe Quick Links Ask a Doc Fun & Games Area Legislators Places of Worship Closings Weather TV Listings All Blogs & Columns Submit a Letter Buy Photos Other Publications & Events 50+ Living Expo Your Niskayuna Your Clifton Park CapRegion Pets Footer menu © 2017 The Daily Gazette Privacy Policy Terms of Service You have 0 articles 1 articles 2 articles 3 articles 4 articles 5 articles 6 articles 7 articles remaining of Daily Gazette free premium content. You have reached your monthly premium content limit. Continue to enjoy Daily Gazette premium content by becoming a subscriber. Start here Already a subscriber? Log In
Local News Sports Living Classifieds Alert 56° Sign In Subscribe Full Menu Alert 56° Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals Business April 22, 2017 4:26 PM Will a universal basic income make the U.S. better? By Christopher Gergen and Stephen Martin Correspondents LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story To better understand the future of our economy and work, especially in the wake of globalization and automation, there is a growing body of literature worth paying attention to. One recent book that deserves attention is “Raising the Floor: How a Universal Basic Income Can Renew our Economy and Rebuild the American Dream” by Andy Stern. As the former president of the Service Employees International Union (SEIU), Stern grew SEIU by 1.2 million members to make it one of the fastest growing unions in the world – an anomaly in an increasingly non-unionized economy. Drawing on these experiences as well as a wealth of data, Stern makes a persuasive case for how rapidly our economy is changing. Until 2000, there were four key indicators of economic growth: Gross Domestic Product (GDP), productivity, employment, and wages. Yet at the turn of the century, Stern argues, there was a “great decoupling” between GDP and productivity from employment and wages. For example, in 2014 median income was $2,500 lower than 1999 when adjusted for inflation even though GDP, corporate profits, and the S&P index were all up significantly. This shift is related to the changing nature of work. In 1960, the top three employers were IBM, AT&T and Ford. Today they are Walmart, McDonalds and Yum! (owners of KFC, Taco Bell, and Pizza Hut). In 2009, 24 percent of all jobs in the U.S. were low-wage. By 2020, the Bureau of Labor Statistics predicts 48 percent will be low-wage, and 75 percent of all new jobs will be low-wage. 45 percent of all tasks (or $16 trillion in wages) being done by humans can be automated with available technology. Full-time jobs are in decline while part-time work is increasingly defining our labor landscape. Today, 34 percent of our workforce is freelance. By 2020 it is estimated that the majority of the workforce will be part of the “gig economy” – working several different part time gigs to get by (such as an Apple “Genius Bar” employee who gets paid $11.25 per hour while helping sell $472,000 worth of product annually). In fact, the International Labor Organization estimates that only 25 percent of the world’s jobs are permanent. Fully 37 percent of our potential workforce (56 million people) is not working or looking for work and there are now more men on disability insurance than working in manufacturing jobs. Though globalization plays a role, a major driver for the reduced number of jobs and stagnating income is productivity gained through technology. In 2013, an Oxford University study estimated that 47 percent of current U.S. jobs are at risk of being automated. A recent study by consulting firm McKinsey says that 45 percent of all tasks (or $16 trillion in wages) being done by humans can be automated with available technology. With advances in artificial intelligence these numbers are expected to jump dramatically. The advent of driverless cars and trucks, for instance, stands to eliminate the top employment engine in 29 states. Automation is not just a threat to low-wage manual labor. From hospitals to law firms to newspapers, the “digital revolution” is shifting from empowering humans to replacing them. So how should we prepare for this future? Stern thinks there is merit to short-term fixes such as raising the minimum wage and investing in better education/workforce pathways (as we have written about) as well as medium-term strategies like a massive infrastructure jobs stimulus. But he argues that these don’t fix the long-term structural challenge of under-employment. The real solution, he says, (along with a growing bi-partisan chorus), is to create a guaranteed Universal Basic Income (UBI) of $12,000/year for every adult age 18-64 and seniors earning less than $1,000 a month on social security. Estimated to cost approximately $2.7 trillion annually, it could be paid for by eliminating 126 welfare programs (and the costly bureaucracy to manage them), ending tax deductions that disproportionately benefit high earners (such as mortgage interest), and a value add tax of 5 to 10 percent on the consumption of goods and services. There is precedent for UBI. In 1996, the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians in North Carolina opened a casino and distributed $6,000 annually to its 8,000 tribal members. According to a Duke study, poverty declined by half, crimes declined, graduation rates improved, and mental-health and substance abuse issues declined. Whether UBI would work nationally is clearly open for debate. What is not debatable, is that the future of work and our economy is rapidly changing. We need some creative thinking to help us transition successfully to this new reality. Christopher Gergen is CEO of Forward Impact, a fellow in Innovation and Entrepreneurship at Duke University, and author of “Life Entrepreneurs: Ordinary People Creating Extraordinary Lives.” Stephen Martin is deputy chief of staff at the nonprofit Center for Creative Leadership in Greensboro. They can be reached at authors@bullcityforward.org and followed on Twitter through @cgergen. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 11 days ago Celebrating Independent Bookstore Day in NC 1:03 11 days ago Celebrating Independent Bookstore Day in NC 1:43 14 days ago RTP startup founded by military vet automates gun cleaning 0:50 20 days ago Lenovo promotes technology and art in Wake schools View More Video Business People with disabilities learn of job opportunities at fair Municipalities' fiscal outlook is gloomy despite economy 90 years since 'Great Flood of 1927' Nonprofit ballet company wants to 'keep the classic' alive Nebraska college creates pantry to help students in need Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev As the recalls pile up at Polaris, trouble gets deeper and deeper Appetite grows for local food, fueling land rush in Twin Cities Affordable housing crisis is hitting Eden Prairie families hard At least 10K gather at Capitol for Minnesota's March for Science Report card for Trump is a mixed one as 100th day approaches Minn. hospital finds success in opioid fight with focus on mothers Blues end Wild's season with series-clinching overtime goal Erin Moran, who played Joanie Cunningham in 'Happy Days,' dies at 56 Woman with Down syndrome to compete in Miss Minnesota USA pageant Biking through Lanesboro on the Root River State Trail is a cyclist's paradise Sano ejected as Twins fall to Tigers next Variety Lileks: It's not 'camp' if you don't need to be current on your shots April 22, 2017 — 2:57pm Provided Get ready for summer fun. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint JAMES LILEKS @lileks This fine paper recently posted an online list of summer camps, so you can start panicking. If you have to ask if there’s still room, there’s no room. But here are a few camps that didn’t make the list. Wal-Mart Parking Lot Astronomy Camp. Mon.-Wed., 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. Campers will study the sky and identify stars that would be visible if it wasn’t, you know, broad frickin’ daylight. Crafts ’n’ Such Retreat. We believe every child can be an artist, and to prepare them for a life in the visual or mixed-medium arts, they will spend the morning criticizing successful artists, then wait tables in the afternoon. One camper will be chosen to be a “breakout talent,” given a gallery showing, and then thrown in the lake by his or her peers. Camp Sport, the Sports Camp. Learn fun new sports like Snorkel Archery and Synchronized Badminton. New this year: Segway Jousting! Don’t worry about picking the kids up; we make them run home. Camp Social. Set in the beautiful North Woods, this camp provides an excellent setting for your teen to take a picture of their flip-flopped feet on the dock and Instagram it with the hashtag #camplife. Wait ’til they find out there’s no Wi-Fi. • • • Most of these places aren’t really camps. If your parents pick you up at 5 p.m. it’s not camp. It’s day care. Camp, as properly understood, requires: A pseudo-Indian name like Camp Hoc-a-loogie. Barracks that smell like wet wood, rusty plumbing, and mildewed mattresses. A mess hall where you get government-surplus reconstituted eggs and pancakes that can be used later as Frisbees. No chance of parental intervention, even if the mean kid singles you out because you wear earplugs at the swimming hole. But I get infections! you bleat, as he gives you an Atomic Wedgie for being King Dork. For many years I went to White Earth Lutheran Camp, a camp for white earth Lutherans. I’ll never forget being sent out on a snipe hunt by the older campers, and was humiliated to learn it was a fool’s errand. I learned something that night, something I’ve never forgotten: Next year, I can humiliate the new kid. Unfortunately, he came back with a snipe. Took the wind out of everyone, it did. Anyway, if you can send your kids away to real camp, do it. Just don’t expect them to write. I used to harangue Daughter for that: “You couldn’t write?” “Maybe it hasn’t been delivered yet,” she’d say, and that was possible. The mail came at 1 p.m., and Pokemon Camp only went until noon. james.lileks@startribune.com James Lileks writes a Variety column. He also blogs under Lileks@Lunch. Follow @lileks jlileks@startribune.com 612-673-7858 @lileks View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune At least 10K gather at Capitol for Minnesota's March for Science A farewell to skyways: The case for bringing them down What would the Twin Cities look like as a mega-region? Blues end Wild's season with series-clinching overtime goal Artcetera: Bloody Marys at Happy Gnome REVIEW: 'Sirens,' by Joshua Mohr Keeping pace with ever-changing language James Lileks: Mosquito remedies can really bug us AP PHOTOS: Latin America remembers the Passion of Christ More From James Lileks Magazine April 21 Lost Minneapolis: Snapshot provides a glimpse of downtown in the 1930s Almost everything in this picture — the trolleys, the busy streets, the bright signs — are urban staples we'd love to see again. Take a look. Variety April 16 Lileks: No one believes corporate apologies – next time, just hand out money Can you believe that United Airlines flight attendant slapped a baby and then set off the smoke detector when she burned a crucifix? Bad PR… Variety April 14 Lileks: Let us not speak of the great July 4th snowstorm Rev up the lawn mower? Not quite yet. Variety April 9 Lileks: Take a hot bath and lose weight. Or is that notion all wet? For years, the key to weight loss has been obvious and simple: Eat less and move around more. Run 12 miles each day while licking… Top Stories As the recalls pile up at Polaris, trouble gets deeper and deeper Apr. 22 Appetite grows for local food, fueling land rush in Twin Cities Apr. 22 Affordable housing crisis is hitting Eden Prairie families hard Apr. 22 Most Read Erin Moran, who played Joanie Cunningham in 'Happy Days,' dies at 56 • Celebrities Take a look at 12 Twin Cities award-winning home designs • Home & Garden Woman with Down syndrome to compete in Miss Minnesota USA pageant • Variety Biking through Lanesboro on the Root River State Trail is a cyclist's paradise • Travel Butchering 101: Lowry Hill Meats in Minneapolis really goes whole hog • Eat & Drink Taste Butchering 101: Lowry Hill Meats in Minneapolis really goes whole hog Granola, yogurt and kombucha? Hippies were right about food Home & Garden Farewell to the flower show: Five decades of downtown Minneapolis in bloom 100-year-old Minneapolis home gets high-tech makeover The Good Life Are you lonesome? How Minnesota seniors are combating social isolation 'Trapped' at home during elevator repair, Edina woman got creative, and 'peaceful' Celebrities Singer Cuba Gooding Sr. found dead in car in Los Angeles President Trump welcomes Sarah Palin to White House Weekly feature Streetscapes Each Saturday, Star Tribune writers showcase Minnesota architecture. special feature Beautiful Gardens of the Twin Cities From October to April, we bring you into one Beautiful Garden a month. Movies Charlie Hunnam's 'Lost City of Z' is a terrific find Talented goofballs in 'Free Fire' take aim at lunacy Music Prince fans make 'pilgrimages' to Minnesota's purple landmarks Old-school Twin Cities shops defy the trends on Record Store Day 2017 Travel Taking on a tiger: Chinese gorge calls to hikers These great Milwaukee cocktail bars will make you forget about beer TV & Media Ron Howard finds 'pressure' points in Albert Einstein miniseries Tina Fey's new sitcom 'Great News' will make you think: Liz Lemon Stage & Arts What's next for pioneering Twin Cities director Michelle Hensley? Not theater, she says 'Frog and Toad' brings Arnold Lobel's daughter back to Mpls. with 'magical' memories special feature Advice Looking for some advice on love, family, life? Here are tips from the Star Tribune's experts. Books 6 new books by Minnesota poets explore heartbreak, paradoxes and more Review: 'A $500 House in Detroit,' by Drew Philp Eat & Drink New Twin Cities game bars put fun (and craft beers) on tap Hola Arepa owners reveal plans for former Minneapolis strip club: Asian street food Giving Back Gala benefits put the fun in fundraising Choose your own (giving) adventure StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Home News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Our News Team Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Sports Local Sports NBA MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL NFL Football Frenzy NCAA Football Full Court Press NCAA Hoops Scholar Athlete of the Week NHRA Sweepstakes Report It! Community Community Calendar Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Clear The Shelters Official Contest Rules Obituaries Scholar Athlete of the Week NHRA Sweepstakes Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Contact Us Work for Us Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live 44° F Clear Hi: 60° F Lo: 38° F Radar Forecast Closings & Delays Menu Skip to content   Home News News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Our News Team Latest Headlines Emporia State displays old, new talent in spring game April 22, 2017 EMPORIA (ESU ATHLETICS) – The Grey team got two touchdown passes from Braxton Marstall on the way to a 28-13 win over the White team in fron… K-State showcases young talent in annual spring game April 22, 2017 MANHATTAN, Kan. (AP) — Bill Snyder took his familiar place on the sideline inside the stadium that bears his name, and watched the first hal… Volunteers clean up Topeka in honor of Earth Day April 22, 2017 Riley County police respond to self-inflicted shooting April 22, 2017 Hernandez family planning private funeral in Connecticut April 22, 2017 Weather Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Current Conditions 44° F Clear Feels Like: 44° F Wind: W 3 Humidity: 85% Dewpoint: 40° F Sunrise: 6:35 AM Sunset: 8:07 PM Current Weather Radar 7 Day Sponsored by: Sports Sports Local Sports NBA MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL NFL Football Frenzy NCAA Football Full Court Press NCAA Hoops Scholar Athlete of the Week NHRA Sweepstakes Latest Headlines Emporia State displays old, new talent in spring game April 22, 2017 EMPORIA (ESU ATHLETICS) – The Grey team got two touchdown passes from Braxton Marstall on the way to a 28-13 win over the White team in fron… K-State showcases young talent in annual spring game April 22, 2017 MANHATTAN, Kan. (AP) — Bill Snyder took his familiar place on the sideline inside the stadium that bears his name, and watched the first hal… Hernandez family planning private funeral in Connecticut April 22, 2017 Crouser sets meet record, wins downtown shot put at KU Relays April 21, 2017 West Virginia rallies past K-State baseball in series-opener April 21, 2017 Report It! Community Community Community Calendar Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Clear The Shelters Official Contest Rules Obituaries Scholar Athlete of the Week NHRA Sweepstakes Latest Headlines More tests required after sewage leak in Shunga Creek April 21, 2017 They say the public should continue to avoid contact with Shunga Creek from the Shunga Trail crossing north of 29th and SW Randolph downstre… Topeka mayor says business closings are “beyond our control” April 21, 2017 “Corporate decisions are beyond our control,” said Wolgast during his speech. Topeka students having fun with home made rainforest April 20, 2017 Topeka businessman announces bid for major April 20, 2017 Axtell seniors give up their class trip for Ashland fire victims April 20, 2017 Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Contact Us Work for Us Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live Search for: Search the site 44° F Clear Hi: 60° F Lo: 38° F Volunteers clean up Topeka in honor of Earth Day By Jared Thompson Published: April 22, 2017, 12:37 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) TOPEKA, Kan. (KSNT) – For several years, volunteers have helped clean up parts of the city by picking up trash and throwing it away – all to honor Earth Day. Every year, people with “Keep America Beautiful — Topeka/Shawnee County’s Get Down and Get Dirty” take a look around the city and see which parts of Topeka need the most help. The “Get Down and Get Dirty” event’s purpose is to teach others it’s not okay to litter. “We do it around our neighborhood also and it’s nice to see everything picked up and green instead of having trash and nastiness out,” volunteer, Michelle Andrew said. Team leader, Paula Hladky said the area on Wanamaker Rd. has tons of trash, especially by Walmart and Sam’s Club — a lot of which she says is due to people unloading groceries and letting their plastic bags go. “Some of it is people just don’t think before they throw things,” Hladky said. “I’ve picked up a lot of water bottles today that people have drank a couple of drinks and then they throw the water bottle in the ditch.” The program is broken up into teams. Each group is spread throughout Topeka to help keep the city trash free. “Get Down and Get Dirty” has more than 1,000 volunteers and they all received free t-shirts for their time. “There’s definitely a lot of trash and you don’t really realize it until you get out and start picking it up,” Andrew said. “If you can see it from your car, there’s tons more there. It’s under the grass and it’s hidden.” In the end, volunteers went to Gage Park for some lunch and giveaways to celebrate what they’ve done in cleaning up the Capital City. Other events going on for April 29, 2017 include: Free landfill day, with fees waived from 7am-12pm at Rolling Meadows Recycling, 7351 N.W. US-75 highway. Free yard waste disposal from 8am-12pm and 1-4:45 pm At Garick Biomass Yard Materials Recycling Facility, I-70 and N.W. Macvicar Ave. Household hazardous waste collection from 9-12pm at 131 N.E. 46th. E-cycle event with city of Topeka and Shawnee County. Share this: Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts 46 killed, dozens missing in Ethiopia garbage dump landslide Another nearby planet found that may be just right for life Screams alert residents to fire that killed 3 in Oakland Earth Day activities over the weekend Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KSNT News © 1998-2017 KSNT.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy EEO Report FCC Public File (KSNT) FCC Public File (KTKA) FCC Public File (KTMJ) Children’s Programming (KSNT) Children’s Programming (KTKA) Children’s Programming (KTMJ) Partners KSN.com Sections News Weather Features Video More Station Contact Us Report It Why Advertise With Us? Mobile Text Alerts Email Updates KSNT News Daily Email Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Numismatic News Register     Log In Newsletter | Coin Price Guide | Coin Books | Coin Magazines Search for: Skip to content Home News General News In This Issue Coin Club News Press Room Archived News Features Class of ’63 Item of the Week Mint Stats Coin Clinic Viewpoint Beginner Coin Collecting Downloads Blogs Buzz Community Voice Submit: Community Voice Letters Read the Letters Submit a Letter Events Coin Shows Auction Calendar Directory Coin Auctions Coin Dealers Paper Money Dealers World Coin Dealers Chinese Coin & Currency Full Industry Directory Marketplace Shop Weekly Deals Coin Collecting Bundles U.S. Coin Books & CD’s World Coin Books & CDs Coin Investing Books Coin Collecting Supplies Numismatic Closeouts Affiliate Subscribe Renew Customer Service Give a Gift Testimonials Numismatic News Express Numismatic News Express Subscription Numismatic News Express Archive Get the entire Lincoln Cents section of 2013 U.S. Coin Digest! Enter your valid email and access the PDF download. * ← Cent out, nickel changed Legislation shows loyalty to copper Posted on April 22, 2017 by Numismatic News Staff Is Sen. John McCain trying to have his political cake and eat it to? His legislation calling for a 10-year suspension in the production of the cent outwardly appears to be an attempt to put an end to our lowest denomination because it costs too much. But is it? Because the legislation calls for cent demand to be met by existing supplies, he clearly is assuming that cents will continue to be used in commerce. If that is the case, passage of the legislation would condemn the country to perpetual shortages of the coin. Even when the economy collapsed in late 2008 and reuse of one-cent coins was at its peak, the banking system still ordered almost 2.3 billion cents in 2009. The only way the existing supply can meet demand for cents is if merchants stopped using them. Certainly they could,.If the legislation is passed, they might conclude that it would be better to stop using the coin rather than spending their time trying to scrounge up adequate supplies for their customers. But this then would put the onus of the abolition of the denomination on the likes of Wal-mart and Piggly-Wiggly rather than the government. Would that two-thirds of Americans who support the cent focus their attention on the Congress or the merchants? But of course that is probably why the legislation uses the softer language of suspension rather than abolition. There is no study required for the $1 note. It would be ended in two years’ time. The dollar coin would reign supreme. Coin collectors have long recognized that the only way a dollar coin can succeed is if the $1 bill is eliminated. The public does not like this idea. They express their opinions every time they use paper. The last experiment for the dollar coin was the introduction of the Presidential dollar. Supplies backed up to over a billion and the government suspended production for circulation at the end of 2011. Why is there no study of this required in McCain’s legislation? Well, we know why. It could only conclude that Americans prefer the paper note. Because the nickel has the same problem as the cent, it costs more to make than its face value. You would think logic would dictate a suspension for this denomination, too. A increase of copper content from 75 percent to 80 percent will not push its production cost below its face value with the current cost structure of the U.S. Mint. This seems to be more a shot across the bow of the U.S. Mint and its study of cheaper compositions. It is also a shot at zinc producers, which would be affected not only by the suspension of the copper-coated cent, but by the end of the examination of the copper-coated zinc five-cent coin option. McCain has been on the side of copper producers, but that is no surprise as he is from Arizona, the largest copper producer in the country. Calling for more copper in the nickel and striking more dollar coins made mostly of copper shows his support.   This article was originally printed in Numismatic News. >> Subscribe today.   More Collecting Resources • Are you a U.S. coin collector? Check out the 2018 U.S. Coin Digest for the most recent coin prices. • Keep up to date on prices for Canada, United States and Mexico coinage with the 2017 North American Coins & Prices guide. This entry was posted in Articles, Class of '63, Features. Bookmark the permalink. ← Cent out, nickel changed Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Need a Coin Guide? Subscribe to Numismatic News Get a full year of Numismatic News for only $29.99 More Numismatic Magazines Numismatic News Express Coins Magazine Bank Note Reporter World Coin News Customer Service Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe Get Help Answer our latest poll question Should the cent and nickel be abolished? Community Voice You have a voice with us. Make your opinion heard on current coin collecting news and events, and get published. Letters to the Editor Letters to the Editor (May 9, 2017) P’ cents came to reader just as he learned of them Back in early March, while on my lunch break, I brought my copy of Numismatic News into the Westbury McDonald’s here on Long Island, N.Y., to read as I would be eating my two cheeseburgers and fries. While online I glanced at your publication to ... Register today to submit a letter to the editor! Marketplace Links Coin & Paper Money Classifieds Place an ad to buy or sell coins online in our classifieds section. Numismatic Directory Browse our industry directory of coin dealers online, world coin dealers, paper money dealers, coin collecting supplies, coin auctions and more. Numismaster Coin Price Guide Look up coin values with the Numismaster coin price guide. Coin & Paper Money Auctions Check out upcoming coin auctions. About | Contact | Advertise | Staff | Privacy | Terms | Customer Service | Affiliate Program Learn more about related publications and services produced by F+W Media: MAGAZINE & BOOKS: Subscribe | World Coin News | Bank Note Reporter | Coins Magazine | Coin Books ONLINE SERVICES: Coin Chat Radio | Numismaster | Collect.com OTHER USEFUL LINKS: Word Currency Denominations | International Number Systems Copyright © F+W All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy | F+W | Career Opportunities
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Sun, Apr 23, 2017 - Page 14　 Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp World Business Quick Take Agencies ITALY Debt rating downgraded Ratings agency Fitch on Friday downgraded Italy’s long-term debt rating a notch to “BBB” — one level above the “speculative” grade — citing the nation’s persistent debt and fiscal problems. However, Fitch said its outlook was stable. The nation has been unable to reduce its overall debt burden due to weak economic growth and a recurring failure to meet spending targets, leaving it exposed to adverse shocks, the agency said in a statement. Italian sovereign debt rose 0.5 percentage points to 132.6 percent of GDP last year and will likely rise at the same rate this year, falling only marginally to 129.3 percent by 2020, Fitch said. PANAMA PAPERS Law firm heads released A court in Panama on Friday ordered the release on bail of two partners at a law firm involved in last year’s “Panama Papers” scandal set off by the leak of thousands of documents related to offshore accounts. Jurgen Mossack and Ramon Fonseca Mora of the Mossack-Fonseca firm were arrested in February in connection with a bribery scandal involving Brazil’s state-run oil company, Petrobras. The two are accused of money laundering for allegedly setting up offshore accounts to move bribes. The court ordered their release after bail was paid, but that does not prevent the legal case against them from moving forward. COSMETICS Body Shop bidders chosen L’Oreal SA has chosen Brazilian cosmetics firm Natura Cosmeticos SA as well as private equity bidders for the next round of the auction for its Body Shop business, people familiar with the matter said. CVC Capital Partners, Advent International Corp and Investindustrial Advisors SpA are also among the firms taken through, the people said, asking not to be identified because the process is private. Bids for the lotions and soaps retailer came in at more than 800 million euros (US$856 million), they said. Binding offers are due in early June, one of the people said. RETAIL High pay for Wal-Mart exec Wal-Mart Stores Inc’s e-commerce chief executive officer Marc Lore reaped US$243.9 million in compensation last year, fueled by shares he received as part of the sale of his company to the retail giant. The package included restricted stock worth US$236.3 million, which came as part of the buyout of his company, Jet.com, according to a regulatory filing on Thursday. He also received about US$7.55 million in salary, stock awards and perks. The compensation puts Lore well ahead of his boss, Wal-Mart chief executive officer Doug McMillon, and vaults him into the ranks of the US’ top-paid executives. McMillon got a US$22.4 million pay package, up from US$19.8 million the previous year. PUERTO RICO Bicyclist thief shakes police A bank robber in Puerto Rico on Friday eluded police by fleeing on a bicycle. Authorities said the unidentified suspect stole about US$3,000 from Banco Popular after handing a teller a note that suggested he was carrying a weapon. The incident occurred in the Rio Piedras suburb of the capital, San Juan. Police said they believe the suspect is the same man who robbed another bank last week, although he did not flee on a bicycle that time. This story has been viewed 1724 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-04-16 to 2017-04-23 Most read Most e-mailed 1 NWL collected NT$24bn in taxes, committee says 2 Diversion and ultimatum for Xi 3 USING IDIOMS 活用成語 4 Recycled rockets could boost development of space tourism 回收火箭可加速實現太空旅遊 5 EVERYDAY ENGLISH MORE  1 Cabinet approves bill to attract skilled foreigners 2 N Korea issue cannot be outsourced 3 Maori king ‘useless’ comment probed 4 Lee Hsi-ming to head military: ministry 5 The only way is up for NT dollar MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Investing Trading Credit Markets Options Technology Energy LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor This Baby Biotech Firm Is Making a $400 Million Market Move Galapagos NV (Nasdaq ADR: GLPG) is at it again. The Mechelen, Belgium-based Galapagos recently announced plans for a global offering of common stock. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money D.R. Barton's10 Minute Millionaire Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Credit Markets Options Technology Energy HOME Hot Topics Stocks to Buy "New Fuel" Marijuana Stocks Stocks Under $5 North Korea Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: What Is "OBL"? The "Superfuel" Behind a $7.2 Trillion Revolution Message: URL: https://mney.co/2q0aJvW seven  −  four  =  Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: What Is "OBL"? The "Superfuel" Behind a $7.2 Trillion Revolution Message: URL: https://mney.co/2q0aJvW  −  one  =  one Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter one response Energy What Is "OBL"? The "Superfuel" Behind a $7.2 Trillion Revolution By Ashley Moore, Associate Editor, Money Morning • April 21, 2017 View Comments Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Name * Email * Website  +  seven  =  13 This "superfuel" of the future could be 1,693 times more powerful than gasoline. But what is "OBL"? OBL fuel is a crystal that was discovered in the Andes Mountains. It is being hailed as the "Holy Grail" of energy. What Is OBL: The $7.2 Trillion Economic Revolution OBL is so valuable that the locals call it "Oro Blanco," which translates to "White Gold" because these crystals could be causing the next "gold" rush. The auto industry alone is set to increase demand for OBL fuel 11 times over its current production levels. Energy Breakthrough: One gallon of this new "crystal fuel" could get you from New York to L.A. and back… seven times! Read more… And the auto industry isn't the only one rushing to secure sources of OBL. Companies such as Alphabet Inc. (Nasdaq: GOOG) and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) are looking to independently produce the energy needed to power their offices and stores. OBL fuel is so powerful that it is becoming a large part of those corporate energy independence plans. With large corporations flocking to OBL fuel, demand is soaring, creating a huge profit opportunity… Securing Profits from OBL High demand and a scarcity of the crystals have the potential for this energy play to become larger than the fracking boom. In the last 14 months, OBL has doubled in price twice. With prices climbing that fast, it's easy to see how you can print money by securing a claim to OBL fuel. And that is exactly what a tiny little miner has done. It secured a claim in Death Valley potentially worth more than $20 billion. To make the profit opportunity even better, this miner has claims outside of Death Valley as well. With so much control over the supply, this tiny company is set to explode, giving early investors the opportunity to create generational wealth. Money Morning Global Energy Strategist Dr. Kent Moors put together a short presentation that can show you how to profit from OBL fuel. Click here to find out how you can get in on the ground level of OBL. Follow Money Morning on Twitter @moneymorning, Facebook, and LinkedIn. Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (1) COMMENTS FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: Energy John Jones | April 21, 2017 sounds good Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Name * Email * Website two  +  nine  =  Private Briefing Login with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT This Baby Biotech Firm Is Making a $400 Million Market Move Forget your password? Not a member? Profit Alerts Never miss a profit pick again. Choose from the topics below to receive our money-making recommendations in real time. Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Marijuana Industry Updates Don't forget choose a topic. View all topics Daily Market Strategies Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save Latest News April 21, 2017 • By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones News: Markets Flat Ahead of President Trump's Tax Reform Proposal April 21, 2017 • By Casey Wilson 3 Comments The Next 3 States to Legalize Marijuana May Not Be What You Expect April 21, 2017 • By Ashley Moore 1 Comment What Is "OBL"? The "Superfuel" Behind a $7.2 Trillion Revolution Trending Posts 3476 Reads 28 Likes Investors Will Get Slammed in Any Grexit Greece hopes to get its next bailout payment in June, just in time to make payments to creditors in July. But we could see a Grexit soon. Investors all over the world should be concerned... 3441 Reads 38 Likes Top Marijuana Stocks to Watch This Week (April 17) One of the top marijuana stocks to watch in 2017 made it in the holdings of the first ever marijuana ETF. And it's expected to climb as much as 66% in the next 12 months... Featured Report Why Facebook Stock Is Headed to $250 a Share Facebook stock has rewarded its investors handsomely over the past couple of years, and the next chapter of this success story is about to be written. The company that rose to prominence by dominating social media has another industry squarely in its sights – an industry now in its infancy. This huge opportunity for Facebook is also a great chance for investors to nearly double their money... Enter your email below to get the report. Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Today's Markets DJIA -30.95 (0.15%) 20,547.76 NASDAQ -6.26 (0.11%) 5,910.52 S&P -7.15 (0.30%) 2,348.69 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor 10 Minute Millionaire PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private Briefing Energy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Seismic Profits Alert Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us Watch Us on YouTube Connect with Us © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us You may choose from these hot topics to start receiving our money-making recommendations in real time. Don't forget choose a topic. Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Marijuana Industry Updates View all topics Interested in other topics? You can add more alerts below. Daily Market Updates:Select All Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies:Select All Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends:Select All Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy:Select All Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets:Select All US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks:Select All Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities:Select All Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight:Select All Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Tab Benoit, J.J. Grey and Mofro, Gov’t Mule to headline King Biscuit Blues Festival in Helena Wal-Mart ordered to pay Cuker Interactive more than $12 million over trade secrets Non-profit in Rogers supports young women aging out of foster care Arkansas’ jobless rate at 3.6% in March, sets another record low Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Former surgeon general: Health equity required for a healthy nation Former Congressman Jay Dickey dies at the age of 77 12 minutes to die Arkansas executes first death row inmate since 2005; Ledell Lee executed shortly before midnight U.S. Rep. Trey Gowdy calls U.S. Marshals Museum ‘living monument’ to law enforcement Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Wal-Mart ordered to pay Cuker Interactive more than $12 million over trade secrets Non-profit in Rogers supports young women aging out of foster care Northwest Arkansas investors buy Beau Terre office park for $24.4 million U.S. Rep. Trey Gowdy calls U.S. Marshals Museum ‘living monument’ to law enforcement Video / Podcasts TB&P Daily: Sen. Tom Cotton reflects on President Trump’s first 100 days in office TB&P Daily: John Brummett on state executions past, present and future Reps. Reginald Murdock and Andy Davis discuss legislative session, death penalty politics TB&P Daily: Brooke Vines of Vines Media U.S. Rep. Hill wants President Trump leadership on tax reform Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail J.B. Hunt to spend $500 million on technology improvements, pushes e-commerce strategy The Supply Side: App offers real-time answers to retail questions USA Truck hires new CFO, also brings on new human resources exec Arkansas trucking group marks 85 years of advocating for the industry Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Wal-Mart ordered to pay Cuker Interactive more than $12 million over trade secrets BusinessNews BriefsNorthwest Arkansas by Talk Business & Politics staff (staff2@talkbusiness.net) 16 hours ago 289 views  Tags: Wal-Mart Stores 0 SHARES Share Tweet A federal jury seated in Fayetteville awarded Cuker Interactive more than $12 million in damages from a former business relationship with Bentonville-based Wal-Mart Stores. The retailer began the litigation when it filed a breach of contract complaint against Cuker in 2014 regarding a contract to build the Asda website, Wal-Mart’s grocery/retail chain located in the United Kingdom. Cuker in 2014 filed a counterclaim against Wal-Mart alleging the retailer swiped trade secrets and did not keep their end of the deal. The case was heard over the past 10 days in the court of U.S. District Judge Timothy Brooks in Fayetteville. A verdict was rendered late Friday when the jury absolved Cuker from the breach of contract claim and finding in their favor on four separate claims regarding stolen trade secrets. The total jury award to Cuker from Wal-Mart includes breach of contract by Wal-Mart ($30,629), and Coker’s unjust enrichment claim against Wal-Mart ($400,000). Claims for misappropriation of trade secrets against Wal-Mart totaled just over $12 million. Wal-Mart provided Talk Business & Research the following statement after the verdict: “We respectfully disagree with the verdict. In our view, the finding and damages awarded are not supported by the facts. We believe the verdict wrongfully holds Walmart responsible for taking the very materials which Cuker transferred or licensed to us under contract. We are considering all options, including an appeal.” Comments comments Previous post Non-profit in Rogers supports young women aging out of foster care Next post Tab Benoit, J.J. Grey and Mofro, Gov’t Mule to headline King Biscuit Blues Festival in Helena Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Brian Kratkiewicz The future of advertising Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, corporate pieholes, and the ultimate halftime show Justin Allen Previewing Arkansas’ amendment debates ahead of the 2018 election Martha Londagin ‘The food’s the thing,’ but not everything Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, germ wagons, and getting state-ified Latest Popular Tab Benoit, J.J. Grey and Mofro, Gov’t Mule to headline King Biscuit Blues Festival in Helena 14 hours ago Wal-Mart ordered to pay Cuker Interactive more than $12 million over trade secrets 16 hours ago Non-profit in Rogers supports young women aging out of foster care 1 day ago Arkansas’ jobless rate at 3.6% in March, sets another record low 2 days ago Former surgeon general: Health equity required for a healthy nation 2 days ago Fort Smith businessman announces major overhaul of downtown property 4,634 views Former Congressman Jay Dickey dies at the age of 77 2,462 views Wal-Mart gearing up for Lidl’s U.S. store openings; suppliers warned of deeper price wars 2,442 views Nine Bentonville office buildings sell for $25.1 million 2,061 views Wal-Mart top five execs earn more than $60 million in recent fiscal year 1,829 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
null
Digital Trends Home > Cool Tech > The best home weather stations you can buy The best home weather stations you can buy Our favorite home weather stations make your smartphone’s app obsolete By Ed Oswald — April 21, 2017 1:00 PM Subscribe Share Davis Instruments/Twitter Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: A home weather station is one of those gadgets that you didn’t know you need until you own one. While they have only recently become popular, these devices have been around forever — at least one company has been producing personal weather stations for the better part of three decades, and that’s Davis Instruments. Things have changed. Within the last several years, new companies have sprung up and brought the cost of ownership down to a level where the average consumer — as well as the weather enthusiast — can afford. Not all weather stations are created equal, and accuracy is key. We’ve gotten the opportunity to personally test many weather stations recently, and we’ve found the best of the best. Let’s find out which station could potentially become your own personal weatherman. Our pick Davis Vantage Vue Why should you buy this: The granddaddy of weather station manufacturers has a version of its top-of-the-line weather station that doesn’t break the bank. The best Davis Vantage Vue No one can beat Davis’ accuracy, even if internet connectivity is expensive and dated. $305.62 from Amazon.com Who’s it for: Weather watchers who need accuracy and long term reliability How much will it cost: $300-$530 Why we picked the Davis Vantage Vue: Davis Instruments dominates the personal weather station market merely because of its staying power: The company’s first digital personal weather stations were sold in the 1990s. But Davis’ weak point was always the price. Enter the Vantage Vue. The station is Davis’ attempt at bringing the accuracy and reliability to a price point where it’s competitive with newer stations. While the Vantage Vue is still relatively expensive, it’s accuracy is unrivaled. All sensors are housed in a 5-in-1 unit, which measures temperature, humidity, rainfall, wind direction and speed. While all-in-one sensor units present some challenges — you’ll need to decide whether more accurate wind speed readings are more important than accurate temperature readings, and so on — our testers gave high marks to its accuracy and reliability. The station has yet to give us a single issue through a full six months of testing, and required little if any maintenance. One area where we walked away a tad disappointed was its connectivity. This station uses software Davis has used for the past 15+ years, all but unchanged (no, we’re not kidding). While it does offer a web-based page, even that is basic, and you’ll need to spend anywhere from $130-230 extra to get a dongle that connects the station console to your computer. Considering just about every other manufacturer includes this with their stations, it’s a bit disappointing. But for the accuracy alone, it’s hard to say no to the Vantage Vue. The best home weather station for a connected home Netatmo Weather Station Why should you buy this: Netatmo Weather Station’s readings are accurate, and its connectivity options are top notch. The best home weather station for a connected home Netatmo Weather Station Smart home connectivity and acceptable accuracy make the Netatmo a worthy Davis alternative. $129.95 from Amazon.com Who’s it for: Smart homeowners and those who need internet connectivity out of the box How much will it cost: $130 – $285+ Why we picked the Netatmo Weather Station: Of the recently released home weather stations on the market, there is only one that has managed to put a considerable dent in Davis’ dominance. Smart home device manufacturer Netatmo’s Weather Station has accuracy and connectivity options that no other weather station currently has. Netatmo was tested for close to a year at our test site, even through an especially tough Northeastern winter in 2016. Through below-zero temperatures, sensors buried in feet of snow, and torrential downpours, the following spring not a single sensor malfunctioned and there were little signs of wear and tear. The CO2 measurements also give you an idea of the air quality inside your house. The connectivity is also top-notch. The station connects to the internet during setup, and automatically reports data to the Weather Underground. Where it really gets good is the IFTTT support. Use Netatmo’s rain gauge to stop your Rachio sprinkler system when it rains. Tell Nest to turn on the heat if the temperature gets too cold outside. The possibilities are endless. There are some negatives. In our tests, the humidity sensor stayed saturated in wet weather long after rain ends, and we noticed a tendency to under-measure rainfall. You can also end up shelling a lot of money — almost as much as the Vantage Vue — for the complete station as the wind and rain gauges are sold separately, and if you want to add up to three additional temperature sensors. Regardless, over the long term — especially for those of us bought into smart home technologies — Netatmo seems the better option over Davis, even if it may lag behind in accuracy from time to time. The best home weather station for expandability My AcuRite Weather Station Why should you buy this: AcuRite’s newest stations are internet connected with a best-in-class mobile and web-based app, with tons of sensors. The best home weather station for expandability My AcuRite Weather Station A great web and mobile app, and tons of sensor options make My AcuRite the most expandable system we tested. $89.97 from Amazon Who’s it for: Those who want to monitor more than just basic weather conditions How much will it cost: $90+ (depending on additional sensors) Why we picked the My AcuRite Weather Station: Much of AcuRite’s business comes in the form of partnerships with brick and mortar retailers: In fact, it’s the exclusive in-store weather instrument provider for Walmart and several other stores. Due to this, the company is often stereotyped as a “budget” brand, but may be unfair. The My AcuRite platform is an example of this. While it still produces tons of low-cost models, My AcuRite is intended to be a competitively priced model to go up against the Vantage Vue in terms of feature set and capability. Its sheer breadth of sensor options puts the Vantage Vue to shame (there, you can’t add any). You can add additional temperature and humidity sensors, indoor sensors, a water detector sensor, liquid and soil temperature sensors, and a ‘spot check’ temperature humidity sensor, none of which are more than $50, and are the cheapest of any of the major brands. AcuRite also sells a lightning sensor now, but unfortunately that’s not yet compatible with the My AcuRite system. My AcuRite’s web and mobile apps set the bar for what a weather station app should be. Everything you’d possibly need. The device updates readings continuously, and you can set all the alerts you’d ever want. The app’s graphs are visually stunning, and the app is even better on a tablet. There are a few quirks. Temperature readings during sunny days regularly read high, as did barometric pressure. The station also has an installation process that isn’t always smooth, and the directions sometimes led us astray. We’re told that most of these accuracy issues — and integrated lightning detection — will be addressed in the Atlas weather stations, AcuRite’s direct competitor to the Davis Vantage series. You’ll pay much more for the Atlas, though. The best weather station for sky watchers Bloomsky Sky2 + Storm Why should you buy this: While you can get the Bloomsky Sky Camera alone, pairing it with the Storm turns it into a capable weather station. The best home weather station for sky watchers Bloomsky Sky2 + Storm While Bloomsky’s Sky cam alone is a little weak on the feature set, the combination of the Sky and Storm works well. $145.99 from Amazon.com Who’s it for: Cloud watchers who aren’t satisfied with just weather conditions alone How much will it cost: $300 for Camera, additional $140 for Storm Why we picked the Bloomsky Sky2 + Storm: Bloomsky is one of those gadgets we’re surprised that no one thought of before. On its own, it takes a photo of the sky every three to eight minutes, as well as a picture any time it’s built-in rain sensor detects rain. These pictures are taken from 30 minutes before sunrise to 30 minutes after sunset, and then automatically stitched together to create stunning time lapses. No power is needed: The Sky2 runs completely on solar power. By itself, the camera only records temperature, humidity, and pressure continuously. You’ll want to spend the extra $140 to get the Storm add-on, which also runs on solar power and adds wind speed and direction, and UV exposure. Imagery and data from your Bloomsky station is uploaded to the Bloomsky Map, where you can browse through the thousands of cameras already on the network. We generally had a good experience with our test unit (which is still active), and installation was easy, although the Wi-Fi connectivity was a bit weak. We did experience some issues with temperature, especially in direct sunlight. Temperatures spiked more than 6-7 degrees above the actual temperature during these times, which means you’ll need to really think long and hard about where you’ll place the station. The Storm generally performs well, but is certainly nowhere near as accurate as top of the line stations. Another negative is the price: At $300, it’s quite a bit for what some might consider a glorified webcam. Add the Storm in to complete it, and it’s the most expensive station in our list, but if you’re a sky watcher, the combination of a webcam and weather station is attractive. The best weather station for the budget conscious AcuRite 00589 3-in-1 Weather Station Why should you buy this: While AcuRite is moving towards higher priced and more accurate weather stations, the sub-$100 00589 model is one budget standout The best home weather station for the budget conscious AcuRite 00589 3-in-1 Weather Station While the accuracy is not as good, AcuRite’s 3-in-1 weather station is one of its better budget models. $84.12 from Amazon.com Who’s it for: Those on a tight budget, who don’t mind some accuracy loss. How much will it cost: $85 Why we picked the AcuRite 00589 3-in-1 Weather Station: AcuRite gets a second mention on our list for its svelte 3-in-1 Weather Station (Model 00589). At a price of only $85, you’re getting most — but not all — of the most important variables. The station measures temperature, humidity, and wind speed, along with barometric pressure and trend. Neither wind direction nor rainfall measurements are provided, although it does have a nice forecasting feature which attempts to learn your local weather patterns to make its forecasts more accurate. It can also store daily, monthly, and all-time high and low records, but there is no way to transfer this information off the device because it has no internet connectivity. Accuracy is generally okay, but noticeably poorer than its 5-in-1 sensor suite. Owners also report that placement is key with the sensors, and if they are anywhere in the sun, temperatures are off. Additionally, wind speed readings seem to run on the low side. But as with anything, you get what you pay for. Buy this only if you’re looking for the most basic of functionality and more of a general idea of the weather outside. If you can spend just $50 more, get the My AcuRite system: If that’s not possible, then the 3-in-1 is a worthy alternative. How We Test Weather stations at Digital Trends go through a rigorous set of tests to even be considered for inclusion in our “best of” list. We first gauge construction of the station as we’re assembling it, looking for any possible weak points or questionable design decisions. As we’re installing the station, we’re also looking at the install process itself. Is it easy to put together? Are the instructions clear? Does everything work out of the box, or are we struggling to get it to work? Once the station is installed at our test site, the real work begins. At this point we’re looking for accuracy. Weather station readings are worthless, and no better than that app, if inaccurate. We compare our readings with a nearby official National Weather Service station, and look for differences while accounting for normal variances in weather conditions. Few stations make it past this point, as our standards are high. In general, readings with more than 2 percent difference are deemed inaccurate. Next, we look at reliability. These stations are up for several weeks — months, if possible — gathering data. We look for issues like data dropouts or failing sensors. Is the station holding up well? Do certain kinds of weather affect the station in negative ways? We make note of it so you know what you’re getting into, and what you might have to deal with down the road. Finally, we look at connectivity and feature set. This is Digital Trends, and we’re all about tech. We want to see easy connections to put your weather data online (Weather Underground, etc.), a well-designed mobile or web app, and other ways to integrate its weather data into your digital life. On the feature side, does it have all the weather readings a good station should have? Does it have a standout feature that other weather stations don’t? If a station can pass these qualifications successfully, only then is it considered for inclusion on our list. Tips for Setting Up Your Home Weather Station To get the best accuracy out of your home weather station, it’s not as simple as just placing it outside and turning it on. Even our best and most accurate stations will give inaccurate readings if the sensors are not placed correctly. In this section, we’ll give you some tips on how to get the most accurate readings, so let’s get started. Temperature and Humidity Sensors — World standards call for temperature sensors to be placed at “eye level:” Traditionally, five to six feet off the ground. In addition, the sensor should be located away from any radiative sources of heat like buildings, pavement, and macadam. A grassy location is the most preferable. The sensor should also be located in an area that receives full shade. If this isn’t possible, and your temperature and humidity sensors have radiation shielding, then an area of partial shade — where the sensor isn’t continuously in the sun all day — is acceptable. Try and avoid placing a sensor in full sun if possible. Wind Vane/Anemometer — Guidelines state that an anemometer (wind gauge) be placed at a height of 10 meters (33 feet) off the ground, and at least six feet above any nearby obstructions or objects. Obviously, this will be hard if not completely impossible to do. Instead, aim to place your anemometer as far away and above any obstructions as possible, and don’t forget a compass to calibrate the wind vane — remember that winds are measured from the direction it’s coming from! Rain Gauge – Rain gauges just need to be placed in a spot where splash back will not enter the gauge itself, and placed in a spot far away from obstructions so that rainfall isn’t blocked from entering the gauge.
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On-Air Rich Peterson Kim David Andy Brownell Tracy McCray Shows Listen Listen Live Mobile App Events Insane Inflatable 5K Calendar Submit Your Community Calendar Event Community Engagement Request Form KROC Club Sign Up Contests and Perks Contest Rules VIP Support Closings Closings Weather Links Mayo Clinic Radio Minnesota Lottery Minnesota Timberwolves Minnesota Twins Minnesota Vikings Minnesota Wild University of Minnesota Athletics Latest Gopher Sports News and Updates Power of Learning with Jim Walters City of Rochester Rochester Public Schools Olmsted County State of Minnesota Minnesota Veterans & Emergency Services Museum History Center of Olmsted County Destination Medical Center Win Stuff Contact Us On-Air Hosts Contact Info Help & Contact Info EEO Report Careers Send Feedback Advertise Community Engagement Request Form Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube subscribe via RSS Trending: Seize the Deal Destination Medical Center Weather Digital Marketing Expert Speaking in Rochester St. Cloud Teenager Recovering From Random Knife Attack By Andy Brownell April 22, 2017 10:11 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Stearns County Jail photo St. Cloud, MN (KROC-AM News) – An apparently random knife attack on a teenage girl in St. Cloud has resulted in a second degree assault charge against a St. Cloud man. According to WJON Radio, 29-year-old Christian De Beche was arrested following the attack on the 17-year-old girl at a Walmart Store. The police report says the victim and her mother were shopping when the man grabbed the girl and stabbed her in the back and shoulder. Her mother also saw De Beche choking the teenager before he dropped a knife on the ground and left. The man was later detained by Walmart Security guards until police arrived at the scene. WJON is reporting the girl, who was treated for non-life threatening wounds, told police she did not know the assailant. Bail for De Beche was set at $150,000 during his arraignment at the Stearns County Courthouse on Friday.   Filed Under: random | St Cloud | stabbing | teenage girl | Walmart Category: Local News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of 1340 KROC-AM Leave Burning Accident Victim Has Died Kasson Man Injured in Car-Semi Crash St. Cloud Teenager Recovering From Random Knife Attack Two Brothers Found Guilty of Attempted Murder Recommended for You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the Hosts Andy Brownell Kim David Rich Peterson Tom Ostrom Facebook Sign up for our newsletter Sign up for our newsletter! KROC Club Sign up to get exclusive access to VIP events, contests, coupons, giveaways, presales and much more! Sign Up Now Closings Weather Related Announcements for Monday 3/13 March 13, 2017 4:49 AM Winter Closings and Delays for Saturday and Sunday 02-25-17 February 25, 2017 11:50 AM Rochester City Lines Cancels Regional Service for Friday February 24, 2017 4:30 AM Recent Stories County Trash Burner Marks 30 Year Anniversary With Public Tours April 21, 2017 12:23 PM Social Media, Cellphone Videos and Rochester Police April 21, 2017 10:51 AM A Beesy Day at Rochester’s Quarry Hill Nature Center April 21, 2017 10:47 AM Rochester Community Helps Homeless Man and Cat April 21, 2017 12:24 AM What Question Would You Like to Ask Your Rep? April 20, 2017 6:13 PM Advertise Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Welcome back to KROC Club It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to KROC Club It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://krocam.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to KROC Club (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here KROC Club brought to you by: Sign up for KROC Club Register Now Sign up for KROC Club quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! KROC Club brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive KROC Club contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook KROC Club brought to you by: KROC-AM Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias National News Lawyer: Kidnapped 15-year-old girl back home in Tennessee Local News Fuquay-Varina Subway manager charged with sexually assaulting 3 female employees Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Steamy temps end over weekend as cold front brings cooler air, rain Sponsor Weather Come on! Arlene an unusual April tropical storm DUALDoppler5000 Learn how to cut your grocery bill in half on May 11 Click here for tickets › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell Ken Medlin NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Soccer Taste of the Triangle: NC Courage downs Portland 1-0 in home opener Carolina Panthers Panthers open in San Fran, get two prime time games in 2017 Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Win Tickets to Poison, Extreme & Jackyl Our Take Tudor: Early football signing period could be on the way Holliday: NCAA tournament gets the best refs, but what about chemistry? Manuel: UNC, NC State baseball rivalry returns to Chapel Hill Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business Judge orders Volkswagen to pay $2.8B in emission scandal Business US home sales shoot up to 10-year high Sponsor Changing economy IBM confirms new layoffs as part of a talent 'remix' WRAL's 'State of Inequality' looks at economic differences across NC Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Editorial: Running our state into the ground PAIGE JOHNSON: Planned Parenthood in N.C. won't relent in efforts to provide women quality health care Editorial: How the 'family values legislature' is destroying families Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings National News Tech tips: Go green and save money on Earth Day Business Holiday Inn parent company reports widespread information breach Business Before you invest in a startup, here's what you need to know 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel National News Study: Frequent consumption of soft drinks can increase risk of dementia, stroke Lifestyles Match for mutts? New website helps people adopt the best dog Sponsor Best of spring Day trips from Raleigh Find egg hunts, bunny visits Farmers Market guide Flu season Five new flu deaths reported in NC; season total now at 136 The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About Durham foodies savor local treats at Grand Taste Experience Out and About 'Empire' star goes incognito when visiting NC Sponsor Holiday Guide Weekend best bets Family fun Shop local Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Durham teenager killed in ATV accident NC Wanted NC Wanted: Vance County man dies in mysterious fire Live Video Schedule 7a WRAL Morning News Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › 55° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 55° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal Lottery Celebrity Watch Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Weather 70 NC counties and 1 VA county are under alert, including Wake, Cumberland, Durham, Johnston, and Orange counties. Details Published: 2017-04-22 06:30:00 Updated: 2017-04-22 06:30:00 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper April SWAGO starts Monday with 700 SB bonus Tags: Freebies Posted 6:30 a.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/17tjg Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters More on this Swago game sign-up Swagbucks is hosting another round of Swago! What is SWAGO you ask? It's a bingo-inspired promotion run by Swagbucks, a website that rewards you with points (called SB) for completing everyday online activities. You can redeem those SB for free gift cards. If you've never used Swagbucks, participating in SWAGO is a great introduction to the site and an easy way to earn a good amount of points quickly. See below for a new member sign up bonus code. Here’s what you need to know to get your 700 SB Bonus: * Swago will begin on Monday, April 24 at 12pm ET. * Join the game now at Swagbucks HERE. Make sure you hit “Join” otherwise you won’t get credit for completing the action items. * Each square on your Swago Board will contain an action item to complete. * Once you complete the action item in a particular square the square will change color signifying the action item is complete. * You have a limited amount of time to mark off as many squares as possible so use your time wisely. * Be mindful of the patterns and their corresponding bonuses located on the right of your Swago Board. The patterns will vary in difficulty and bonus value. * Once you’ve achieved a pattern the corresponding “Submit” button will light up. You can have multiple patterns available for submission, however, you can only submit ONE pattern so choose wisely. * The game ends Monday, May 1 at 3 pm EDT. So make sure to hit “Submit” on the pattern you wish to submit. If you don’t hit “Submit” before the game ends you won’t receive your SB bonus. * If you complete all the squares, you'll get a 700 SB bonus! If you complete any of the other various patterns, you will also get a bonus of anywhere between 5 SB points and 400 SB points. Get all the details and join the game at Swagbucks HERE. Good luck! New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps (I earn about 80 - 100 SB a day doing this) * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Just this week, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE. To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. This post contains affiliate links and I appreciate your using them! Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel The 'as low as" rate is at 3.25% APR (15 yr.) Custom home sites - thousands less than Wake Cty. Click to See All CONTESTS available from WRAL.com Garner Appliance & Mattress Spring Sale Apr 21-29 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Brewgaloo 2017 Local News Wake Arrests Entertainment Steel Panther rocks The Ritz Out and About Nightlife Photos State News North Carolina's long summer vacations are being challenged Weather Severe thunderstorm watch canceled; Flood watch starts at 12 a.m. Sunday State News Visitors to North Carolina forest warned about black bears Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News WRAL's Amanda Lamb wins Dancing For the Stars National News Organ donor's family meets 3-year-old recipient Local News Brewgaloo 2017 Entertainment Steel Panther rocks The Ritz Out and About Brewgaloo offers new sours, barrel-aged event in 6th year Out and About Southern Women's Show Pets Duke Lemur Center hosts Earth Day open house Out and About Weekend best bets: Taste, Brewgaloo Business Want to own a town? Tiny Oregon community for sale for $3.5M Out and About Chefs talk: What made Durham the 'foodiest city' in the south? Baseball High school rivals play together for former player diagnosed with ALS WRAL TV Helpful tips when planning a trip to the WRAL Azalea Gardens Outdoors Red squid spotted on Outer Banks @NCCapitol Bills fly through House as deadline looms Out and About Sweet and sour: We tried Starbucks' Unicorn Frap so you don't have to Local News Charlotte's people ranked among least attractive in U.S. Out and About Have big plans for Raleigh? Now you can share them State News North Carolina's long summer vacations are being challenged Education Duke protesters demand better pay, benefits for faculty State News Visitors to North Carolina forest warned about black bears Business Scientists leave labs, take to streets to defend research Local News Moped hit-and-run victim has long road to recovery SmartShopper RECALL: Harris Teeter frozen hash browns recalled due to golf balls SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? SmartShopper Share your deals & questions this weekend @NCCapitol Cooper vetoes court, elections bills SmartShopper Giveaway: McDonald's McCafe prize pack SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Brewgaloo 2017 Local News Wake Arrests Entertainment Steel Panther rocks The Ritz Out and About Nightlife Photos State News North Carolina's long summer vacations are being challenged Weather Severe thunderstorm watch canceled; Flood watch starts at 12 a.m. Sunday State News Visitors to North Carolina forest warned about black bears Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News WRAL's Amanda Lamb wins Dancing For the Stars National News Organ donor's family meets 3-year-old recipient Local News Brewgaloo 2017 Entertainment Steel Panther rocks The Ritz Out and About Brewgaloo offers new sours, barrel-aged event in 6th year Out and About Southern Women's Show Pets Duke Lemur Center hosts Earth Day open house Out and About Weekend best bets: Taste, Brewgaloo Business Want to own a town? Tiny Oregon community for sale for $3.5M Out and About Chefs talk: What made Durham the 'foodiest city' in the south? Baseball High school rivals play together for former player diagnosed with ALS WRAL TV Helpful tips when planning a trip to the WRAL Azalea Gardens Outdoors Red squid spotted on Outer Banks @NCCapitol Bills fly through House as deadline looms Out and About Sweet and sour: We tried Starbucks' Unicorn Frap so you don't have to Local News Charlotte's people ranked among least attractive in U.S. Out and About Have big plans for Raleigh? Now you can share them State News North Carolina's long summer vacations are being challenged Education Duke protesters demand better pay, benefits for faculty State News Visitors to North Carolina forest warned about black bears Business Scientists leave labs, take to streets to defend research Local News Moped hit-and-run victim has long road to recovery SmartShopper RECALL: Harris Teeter frozen hash browns recalled due to golf balls SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? SmartShopper Share your deals & questions this weekend @NCCapitol Cooper vetoes court, elections bills SmartShopper Giveaway: McDonald's McCafe prize pack WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising CBC Digital Elements Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express. Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Daily Horoscope Our Apps Top 10 Our Paper Paper Archive Weather 9° London HOME News Showbiz & TV Sport Comment Finance Travel Entertainment Life & Style UK World Politics Nature Science Royal Weather Weird History Obituaries Sunday Scotland Home News UK Murdering Scot slammed as 'personification of evil' by Canadian judge Murdering Scot slammed as 'personification of evil' by Canadian judge A SCOTS pensioner was yesterday damned as “evil” by a judge after refusing to reveal where he dumped his ex-girlfriend’s body. By Stephen Wilkie PUBLISHED: 19:53, Fri, Apr 21, 2017 | UPDATED: 20:12, Fri, Apr 21, 2017 GETTYPensioner Andrew Watson was branded 'evil' by a Canadian judge after being convicted of murder Callous expatriate Andrew Watson, 79, was convicted of bludgeoning Lise Fredette to death and bundling her corpse into his car in Canada. But, urged by a judge to help Lise’s family by revealing her final resting place, he replied: “No thanks.” Edinburgh-born Watson – who was convicted on his birthday – stalked Walmart worker Lise, 74, who vanished in November 2014. Peterborough Superior Court of Justice in Ontario heard that the Scot was described as “jilted and controlling” and the murder was “the final act of harassing her”. After the guilty verdict, Justice Hugh O’Connell said: “Mr Watson, the road is now over for you. If you have a heart, sir, I would strongly suggest you speak to put closure to this, so this family can lay this very kind, compassionate woman to her proper rest.” But, shaking his head defiantly, Watson – who will die behind bars – replied: “No thanks.” GETTYWhen asked to ease the family's pain by revealing her resting place Watson replied 'no thanks' The judge responded: “It seems to me Mr Watson is a completely, utterly empty vessel, concerned with only one thing: himself.  It seems to me Mr Watson is a completely, utterly empty vessel Judge “There are people, regrettably, like Mr Watson who are the personification of evil.” Turning to his victim’s relatives in court, he said: “God bless you all and hopefully this provides you with the closure of at least knowing that the person responsible for the first-degree murder of your mother will now be locked away until he draws his last breath.” Obsessive Watson was arrested 10  days after Lise disappeared and detectives later discovered her glasses and keys next to her car at home, and blood on her driveway. The pair met at a dance in Peterborough in 2011 and dated regularly before splitting in April 2014 but Watson became jealous of the attention his ex was getting from other men. He wrote her a string of letters and defied police warnings to stop harassing her in the months before she disappeared. GETTYThe Edinburgh-born 79-year-old was found guilty of killing Lisa Fredette Police teams using dogs, heat-seeking equipment, divers and a ground-penetrating radar found no trace of the mother-of-two, whose DNA was found in the blood on the driveway. Police officers who searched Watson’s home found blood, rope, tarpaulin and a shovel sitting in a barrel of bleach. Watson claimed that he could not be guilty as there was no body of his victim and insisted he “didn’t have anything to do” with her disappearance. He told prosecutors: “Produce a witness who can say they saw me or my car that night. Then you can hang me.” Last night the victim’s son, Stephane Leclerc, said he hoped Watson would reveal where his mother was. He added: “I knew that he wouldn’t have the decency or the heart, but I was still hoping. I thought that maybe he’d have an ounce of decency. “If he ever loved my mom, like he said he did, that would be the very least that he could say for us to be able to recover her, bring her home, give her some dignity. “I’m hoping that Andrew Watson will see that in his heart at some point.” Most read in UK 1 'I will NOT be hanging up any flags' Thornberry MOCKS idea of celebrating St George's Day 2 Madeleine McCann latest: Australian TV show claims to have made MAJOR breakthrough in case 3 REMAINER PURGE: MP under fire after chairman calls for BAN on anti-Brexit Conservatives 4 London Mayor calls to ENJOY 'the biggest celebration ever of St George's Day' 5 New pound coin SHOCK: Rare new coins could be worth a FORTUNE - and here's how to spot one REMAINER PURGE: MP under fire after chairman calls for BAN on anti-Brexit Conservatives Arthur Collins arrested on suspicion of attempted murder over nightclub acid attack 'POWER GRABBING' May SCOLDED by EU bureaucrat who claims election 'WILL NOT help Brexit' UK ‘at risk from terror attacks’ if Corbyn becomes Prime Minister, Tory chairman hints Theresa May could DOMINATE Parliament with bigger win than THATCHER, polls claim Corbyn to create FOUR new ‘patron saint’ bank holidays in DESPERATE bid to woo voters Children given government support for YEARS of dealing with alcoholic parents London Mayor calls to ENJOY 'the biggest celebration ever of St George's Day' Constituents furious as wealthy SNP MP takes FIFTH job outside of politics Madeleine McCann latest: Australian TV show claims to have made MAJOR breakthrough in case Foreign aid cash ‘should defend us from Russians’ says ex-army chief Latest videos North Korea ‘preparing NUCLEAR TESTING SITE’ as Trump defence chief DISMISSES Kim threat Marine Le Pen will BREAK DOWN the European Union even if she LOSES, experts claim WW3 WARNING: North Korea could ‘END THE WORLD with just THREE thermonuclear bombs’ Kim Jong-un vows to wipe the US 'OFF THE FACE OF THE EARTH' in chilling WW3 threat Strictly Come Dancing 2017: Eamonn Holmes breaks silence on line-up rumours Daily Express ‘I will not be quiet!’ Remainers made a MISTAKE not voting for Brexit, says Ann Widdecombe Nicola Sturgeon BOOED by Tory campaigners as PM blasts SNP's attempt to 'undermine Brexit' 'I will NOT be hanging up any flags' Thornberry MOCKS idea of celebrating St George's Day Now Argentina pushes EU to OPPOSE British overseas territories in Falklands power grab Victims of child grooming gangs face 'unacceptable' delays in quest for justice 100 firefighters tackle huge fire in London warehouse Plans to scrap SAS reserves BLOCKED by "political influences" Tory tax row: Theresa May fails three times to rule out 'tax lock' pledge David Miliband MOCKS Corbyn on US talkshow amid rumours MPs are BEGGING him to save Labour REVEALED: Britain will STILL foot the bill for EU university students despite Brexit EU commissioner CONCEDES snap General Election is a 'WISE MOVE' by Theresa May for Brexit Britain heading for a 'diplomatic BUST-UP' as EU 'does NOT want Brexit to run smoothly' Top policeman says it's 'extremely unlikely' Madeleine McCann is still alive Anti-terror officers on London streets for marathon as ring of steel surrounds runners Tim Farron promises he will try to STOP Brexit if elected as Article 50 'is reversible' Single market access NOT POSSIBLE without full freedom of movement, says Macron aide Lib Dem obsession with Remain set to BACKFIRE: Liberal heartlands choose Brexit over party 'POINTLESS!' Angry voters shun Ukip donor Arron Banks for knowing ‘NOTHING’ about Clacton Theresa May does NOT want Brexit WITHOUT an EU trade deal, blasts Brussels bigwig Theresa May 'does NOT want a major reshuffle after expected election win', reports claim Spaniards share shocking pictures of black eyed QUEEN as they mock Britain over Gibraltar Britons should buy BRITISH wine & cars in REVENGE plot against EU, top Tory Brexiteer says Trump ‘set to put Brussels AHEAD of Britain in trade talks queue after Merkel meeting’ Blair scrambles to 'mobilise' voters AGAINST a hard Brexit as he predicts May VICTORY Trump’s troops WIPE OUT aide of Islamic State kingpin in furious ground assault Overseas Britons WILL NOT get a vote in Theresa May’s snap election despite Tory pledge 'Everything you do is to THWART Brexit' Neil DESTROYS Miller’s attempts to stop EU divorce Theresa May goes against own MPs and says she WILL back Cameron's foreign aid spending 'It's his DUTY to stand' Ukip MEP 'very disappointed' about Farage ruling out election bid Brussels ‘must NOT use small details to HIJACK Brexit talks’, northern EU trio warn 'It's a PATHETIC admission of weakness!' Ann Widdecombe DESTROYS progressive alliance idea 'We CANNOT keep questioning the Brexit mandate!' Tory minister shuts down election critics Corbyn welcomes election like 'the INJURED DOG welcomes the vet’s needle', blasts comedian 'Existential THREAT for the euro' Marine Le Pen victory would be the 'END of the eurozone' French waste firm to 'blame for rat-infested piles of filth' in British suburb Teenage hacker faces jail for helping criminals cause chaos Life ban for teacher in four-in-a-bed romp with girl pupil and two men 'Who is SUPER RICH?' Newsnight host HAMMERS Labour campaign coordinator over tax stance 'He finished up in a MESS' Farage says Corbyn's Brexit stance will RUIN Labour's chances Craig Whyte trial hears about Rangers' money woes Boss of celeb-backed Caribbean scheme who 'cheated investors of £390M' in court 'Not giving people hope!' SNP MP delivers CRUSHING blow to Corbyn's election chances 'They're being POACHED!' Business boss fears EU workers leaving over Brexit 'uncertainty' Sturgeon concedes May could WIN election - but warns Tories will STEAMROLLER Scotland Man told he couldn't use own mug to buy coffee on train because it wasn't 'RISK ASSESSED' SEARCH CONNECT WITH US Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Check our YouTube channel TODAY'S PAPER Sunday, 23rd April 2017 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive. News UK World Politics Nature Science Royal Weather Weird History Obituaries Sunday Scotland UK Politics Political Parties Politicians Constituencies EU Referendum Sport Football Transfer news UFC F1 Boxing Cricket Tennis Golf Rugby Union Other Racing Pics Pictures Celebrity Galleries Royal Galleries Sport Galleries Vids Videos Comment Columnists Express Comment Beachcomber Finance City & Business Personal Finance Retirement The Crusader Travel Cruise Activity Holidays Beach Holidays Short & City breaks Travel News Entertainment Films Gaming Theatre Books Music Puzzles Puzzles Horoscope Offers Competitions Bingo Life & Style Health Cars Garden Life Food Style Diets Tech Property Saturday Win S Mag Top 10 Facts EXPRESS.CO.UK Sitemap Site Archive Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Design by Netro42 Syndication and Licensing Clarifications and Corrections Daily Star OK! Magazine new! Magazine Star Magazine Health Lottery Northern and Shell Copyright ©2017 Express Newspapers. "Daily Express" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
Opinion Last Word Last Word on the spring musical, April 22 Last Word A great show Fiddler on the Roof, Lafayette High School drama department's latest and most impressive production, truly reaches deeply into the core of the observer. The honed skills of a huge cast in song and dance accompanied by the outstanding school orchestra combined to present a most memorable evening. Costumes, stage sets and lighting were superbly prepared and implemented. Performances at 2 and 7 pm on Saturday, April 22 are final opportunities to experience this outstanding production. Road worries Are we surprised that there was another Greensprings Road/John Tyler/ Centerville area accident over Easter weekend, and this time it involved an attempted carjacking with children involved? When does the madness end? Wake up, VDOT, this intersection is not getting any better! How long there will be a detour from Parkway Drive to Capital Landing Road? I normally take the Colonial Parkway to get to Spring Arbor to visit but the last month or so it has been blocked, and I've had to backtrack to Second Street and go the long way around. Colonial Williamsburg The Williamsburg Inn is not just another outstanding luxury hotel. It is a guest house, an historic American treasure. This fact is not understood or heard by the present new administration. Who decided to glam up the Inn landscape in such a tacky and inaccurate design? Quality and accuracy to period design have been lost. I heard endless concerns at the Antiques Forum in February and continue to hear them throughout the community about the ridiculous design decisions going forward on the interior/exterior of the Inn. The latest trends, competing to be the best, impressive, glamorous money-making place these hotel consultants who want to add to their personal credit, have no place in CW. Let us hope the community and all Americans can work together and call this problem to the attention of the CW Board when they meet. The Williamsburg Inn is a classic, a treasure. Leave the Inn alone. A question: Has anyone at Colonial Williamsburg figured the cost difference between paying their current balladeers and what it cost for six full-time paid employees with benefits and a dicey chance at retirement, minus the money certain angry donors (myself included) will now withhold? I am sincerely disheartened by all the changes/cuts/discussion of the fence at CW. CW clearly needs to generate more money, but saving a few bucks here and there seems to be costing them tons in donor gifts. CW is a national treasure, not a theme park. I hope they get their act together before they lose any more support. They are certainly on the brink of losing mine. Those of you who expect free access to CW because it was always that way obviously don't know your history. The streets have always been free along with the shops, but not entrance to the buildings. Mr. Rockefeller declared residents of the city of Williamsburg to be "ambassadors." He proclaimed that any resident who brought a "paying guest" to the historic area would get in for free. It was years later that the president of the Foundation decided to let residents in for free and that area included cities other than the city of Williamsburg, James City County, and Upper York County. If we support CW by paying a local fee that started in 2005, it is still nominal compared to other area attractions. Jamestown Yorktown Foundation is the only museum in the area that offers free entrance to Virginia residents. That is because your taxes help fund this site. Your taxes don't support CWF. Business intelligence Does the city ever have a thoughtful employee visit periodically with business owners to see how things are going? How business is? How the relationship with their building managers goes? If they have any problems the city could help with? I would guess no communications whatsoever between the city and city businesses. In a tiny city, how difficult would it be to have a mentoring staff person actively involved with businesses? Missing sticker My state safety inspection sticker was lost or stolen recently. Since the stickers are pasted on rather firmly, I doubt it was lost. Since my car is alarmed and always locked, how could this have happened? Think about the few locations where other people may have access to your car — for car maintenance, tire replacement and car washes. If your sticker has been stolen, you should report it to the local police, get a report number and report it to the state police. The State Police Safety Division has a procedure to replace the sticker. I am currently waiting for them to call me back to follow up on their process for replacement as shown in their handbook and on the internet. Looking for … To the person looking for LaVonne, formerly at Hair Cuttery: She is now at Shear Creations, 229-3200, 240 McLaws Circle, Williamsburg. Can anyone recommend a consumer advocate to the IRS, please? The IRS owes me 2 years back taxes. Do not refer back to irs.gov; they are unable to help. Thank you. I'm responding to the individual wanting cabinet fronts. I have a whole kitchen of cabinet fronts for sale. My number is 757-869-6767. Thank you. Looking for someone to refinish our front door. It is solid oak. It has been stained. The finish on the door is beginning to fade due to the sun. Please call 220-0484 or reply to the Last Word. Thank you. If you accidentally picked up a dark gray long sleeve shirt with Cross Country VHSL logo in bright colors at the New Kent HS Track & Field Meet on April 19 by the start area, toward the end of the meet, please return it to Warhill HS team (please put M.W. on it) with no questions asked. You can either drop it off at school or bring to the next meet and hand it to any Warhill HS team member. This shirt has a very sentimental value for my daughter and she would love to get it back. Thank you in advance! If anyone has a used pottery wheel that they are looking to get rid of or sell, please call or text me at 757-817-3010. Thank you! You can donate canes, walkers and more to the Foundation for Rehabilitation Equipment & Endowment (F.R.E.E.). There's more information on their website, www.free-foundation.org and their Williamsburg office phone is 757-707-4741. Drunk driving Saw a somber bit on TV this morning showing people who didn't reach their destinations because they'd been killed by drunk drivers — alcohol should have a high extra tax so those injured due to a drunk driver would automatically have medical expenses paid! I'd guess most victims get little or nothing because of our legal system, so why not the dollars coming from the product? The producers could pass the tax on to their drinking customers, or not. Bird hunters I enjoyed reading Dan Cristol's birding column on April 15 about a recent bird watching trip taken by William and Mary students. Birds in our yard are a welcome sign of spring. That said, there is at least one local community that permits owners to let their cats roam freely outdoors in spite of published rules to the contrary. These cats hunt birds, rabbits and other wildlife. Perhaps such communities can be shamed into removing their numerous "Bird Sanctuary" signs. Snowden's talk Regarding your April 19 issue regarding "Snowden speaks with W&M students," it appears W&M is becoming U.C. Berkeley East. I agree with W&M Chancellor Robert Gates that Snowden is indeed a traitor. Gates, who is also a former secretary of defense and director of the CIA, should know exactly how much damage Snowden has done to this country. Shame on W&M. Easy clean up I saw most all of the leaf debris and odds and ends of what's on the street swept neatly at the curb. No one had come by with noisy leaf blowers which emit the same pollutants as a car driving 40 mph, but it was Mother Nature herself! She had swept the detritus up against the curb away from sidewalks and middle of streets. Wouldn't it be nice if we could allow her to do her work without noisy interruption? More onions, please Members of the Williamsburg Host Lions will travel to Georgia to pick up our order of fresh sweet Vidalia onions on Monday, May 8, returning on Tuesday, May 9. Onions will be ready for pickup at 4039 Ironbound Road on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday between 8am and 2pm. If you'd like to reserve your 10 lb. bag of onions ($10), call Doug Brown at 757-570-3573 or send an email to beengolfn3@cox.net. All proceeds support Lions Club charities to include sight, hearing, youth, environment and others. Gas station needed I noticed there has been some talk of a gas station being built on the parking lot of Walmart on Rochambeau Road. This has turned out to be not true, or—as some people might put it—fake news. In any case, there's no place that could use a gas station more than that area. Where is the local businessman who will seize upon this opportunity? Redistricting The local schools are considering redistricting. No shock there. You only need to look at the great disparities among the schools to see how bad things are. I am not talking about enrollment. That's easy to see. What's not easy to see are the disparities that impact learning. Look closely to see how each school performs on tests, the number of free/reduced-price lunch recipients, the number of high income neighborhoods at that school, the amount of money that the PTA raises each year, the attendance at parent/teacher conferences and PTA meetings, the number of parent volunteers who help in the classrooms, the number of discipline referrals, etc. The Gazette would do a great service to publish all those numbers so we can see what inequities exist now, and hear how the schools plan to correct them. My guess is that the schools will not share that data on their own. It is not right for parents to feel that they need to buy a home in a particular zone because that school is better. No school should be better. Please make them equitable. In the last school redistricting, our board members set the precedent for splitting neighborhoods when they divided Powhatan Secondary. Will they consider splitting other neighborhoods this time around? Cheers! On Palm Sunday night, Liberty Baptist Church of Lanexa did a fantastic performance for their Easter music. If you didn't go, you missed a treat. Thank you. Late-night TV I cannot believe the Trevor Noah Late Show could be so stupid. I have never in my life seen anything so idiotic that could come across a TV. He needs to be banned from all broadcasts. Dental work A patient at a local dental office was banned from future visits because she refused long and expensive "deep" cleaning of her teeth. All she wanted and could afford was a basic cleaning for which she also had to pay $149 for unwanted but mandated X-rays. Has anyone else had a similar experience? Is this "treatment" legal? Hungry squirrels Actually, there is an excellent squirrel proof bird feeder. It's called "Squirrel Solutions" and you can buy one at Lowe's. I have two of them and they are attractive, well made and the squirrels can't get into them. But with any feeder, it's a good idea to bring it in at night because other animals like possums and raccoons will turn it sideways and pour the seed out and have a midnight snack. Other than that, a "squirrel gun" can be purchased next door to Lowe's, at Walmart. Good luck. To the person seeking a solution to a squirrel invasion: I recommend Cornwell's. The number is 757-621-5063. Replica edition I'm not happy with the new format of replica edition of The Virginia Gazette. The print is smaller. The page is fuzzy for a few seconds and then comes into focus when you go forward or backward. The scroll bar is gone. There are blue highlights in some of the print that make no sense; they don't lead to a link or anything that should be highlighted. Overall, not a change in the right direction. Keep trying, please. Missiles North Korean nuclear missiles can now reach 7,000 miles. Go calculate that on your map. You want to see how close that is to America? It started with 3, then 4, then 6, now it's 7,000 miles. Recommended It's springtime again and my house needed to have the siding power washed. I called Bill Blackwell at 757-272-9315 to have him clean the siding I can always count on Bill to come when he says he's going to and to do a fabulous job. If you need any repairs to your house or any lawn services, Bill can also help you with that. If you want a professional job done, call Bill. I wanted to say thank you to Branscome's Painting and Power Washing for the wonderful job they did on my deck. My deck was cleaned and stained in only three days and looks brand new. Thank you, Mr. Branscome, 757-332-2388. We needed inside and outside house repairs done and called John Ransone, 757-565-3796, who returned call same day. He is honest and knowledgeable about work needed to be done. He gave us a reasonable estimate and completed repairs in a timely manner. Pride in workmanship is his trademark with clean-up of work area and a professionally finished product. We, without reservation, recommend him. We had a very small electrical problem, and we called Bud's Plumbing, Heating & Air Conditioning. They sent a master electrician, Paul Grimes, to take care of it. It was done quickly, efficiently and at a very reasonable price. If anyone needs a small electrical job, this company is really good. Mail delivery Well, I have another mail delivery problem. I stopped my mail because I went up to see my daughter and when I came back, my neighbor told me she's got a bag of mail that was left in my mailbox for me. Senate filibuster To the April 19 commenter regarding Senate rule changes: True, Mr. Reid changed the 60-vote cloture rules (mechanisms attempting to stop filibuster debate) in 2013, but for the purpose of filling lower courts and government positions stalled by GPO filibusters. The filibuster rules for Supreme Court nominees were left untouched. Republicans' latest action did not change "the rules this year to what they were 200 years ago," as you so state; the 2/3's majority cloture rule was enacted in 1917 to end filibuster on the Treaty of Versailles, and was later reduced in 1975 to 3/5's, or 60 votes. Ironically, by mid-2013 nearly 3 in 10 of all cloture motions filed in the entire history of the Senate had been filed during Mr. McConnell's reign as minority leader. Please take your own advice and "Learn from history." Harry Reid changed Senate Rules because the Republicans would not allow any new court appointment or cabinet appointments to go through. Mr. Reid did this to try and keep the government working, which is his job. The filibuster itself remained theoretical until 1837 when the first Senate filibuster occurred. It pays to research things before putting them in the Last Word. Thank you Many, many thanks to the fine folks with the James City-Bruton Volunteer Fire Dept. (especially Cody), JCC Police Department and Stonehouse Security who worked tirelessly last Saturday to retrieve our missing dog from a drainage pipe in Stonehouse. Missing for two days and terrified of just about everything, Sadie was finally rescued by this amazing group of dedicated, determined and caring professionals. We also would like to thank our neighbors in the Stonehouse community and the Association staff for their assistance and continued support throughout our ordeal. I was biking home from a volunteer activity on Monday afternoon when I was caught in the rain and thunder. Before my husband could reach me at Professional Drive to bring me home, two kind individuals offered to help me. Thank you to the lady in the sedan and the gentleman with the blue truck and a trailer full of lawn care equipment. Both of these people had seen me and went out of their way to ensure my safety. Thank you! Russian influence I did as the person in the April 19 Last Word suggested and looked into sources claiming a link between the Trump campaign and Russia. I for one don't believe the FBI, CIA, and NSA, plus 13 other American intelligence agencies and Britain's GHCQ could have possibly gotten this right. Sad! Copyright © 2017, The Virginia Gazette Crime Internal Revenue Service PTA John D. Rockefeller IV Gazette News Video Pictures: Williamsburg-area photos from readers VGTV News Community Sports Life Obits Last Word eNewspaper Advertise 55°
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 22 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman U.S.-India CSR Symposium: Making Economies Work for Women and Youth U.S.-India CSR Symposium: Making Economies Work for Women and Youth Join the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation and U.S.-India Business Council on April 14 to discuss best practices in promoting economic empowerment for women and youth in India. Sponsors include Abbott, Amway, and Walmart.  Featured speakers include: Krish Iyer, President & CEO, Walmart India Kathy Pickus, Divisional Vice President, Sustainability, Abbott Gautam Kumra, Managing Director, McKinsey & Co., India Siraj Chaudhry, Chairman, Cargill, India Gayatri Subramaniam, Chief Programme Executive, Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India Reema Nanavaty, Secretary General, SEWA, India Namita Vikas, Group President & Global Head, Climate Strategy & Responsible Banking, YES BANK  Participants will have the opportunity to engage with stakeholders from the Indian private sector, government and NGOs, and more. Topics to be covered include: The Business Case for Women’s Economic Empowerment The Power of Partnerships and Creating Shared Value The New Corporate Citizenship Landscape in India And more! Registration for the event is free. For more information, visit: https://www.uschamberfoundation.org/event/us-india-csr-symposium-making-economies-work-women-and-youth. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017 Circular Economy Summit: From Aspiration to Implementation Next PostNext Merck Announces New Phase 2 Data on Investigational Triple Combination Therapy MK-3682B for Chronic Hepatitis C Search Recent Posts Communiqué of the Thirty-Fifth Meeting of the IMFC QNET Provides Legitimate Employment Opportunities in India, According to IMLM Investigative Report The Most Compact E-Series – Airwheel E3 intelligent foldable e bike GayUSAPages.com is now GayPages.com Brad Nierenberg – Relying on Important Features of Corporate Culture and Its Effect on Profitability Proudly powered by WordPress
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Streetwise The Burt Reynolds Stock Market Maybe, just this once, a bell will actually ring as the market nears a top. By Kopin Tan Biography Updated April 22, 2017 1:22 a.m. ET Webster’s dictionary defines confusion as a lack of certainty and conviction, but we’re much kinder here in the stock market: Waffling between two outcomes and betting on both is not only encouraged, it’s referred to—with much approval—as hedging. Stocks’ on-again, off-again rally was on again last week, and it took the Standard &... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. The One Number That Shows Trouble At Verizon Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. It’s Time to Put Some Money Into Banks Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Morningstar’s New Gambit: Opportunity, Controversy Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Why Amazon Can’t Kill Costco Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Top Hedge Fund’s Unusual Value Stock Picks Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: A New Dawn for Morningstar 2 BofA CEO on Economy, Bank, the Environment 3 Will Kate Spade Sell? Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content Left Menu Latest Calendar Legals Social Wall Search Search for Search form Search Login | Logout Home Latest Social Wall Polls Weather Legal News Breaking Local State National Business Crime Emergency Responders Health Local Government Obituaries Politics Videos Weather Sports Addison Cold Springs Cullman Cullman Christian Fairview Good Hope Hanceville Holly Pond Meek St. Bernard Prep Vinemont Wallace State West Point Winston County College Local Sports Outdoors Professional Parks & Rec Culture Entertainment Historical Entertainment Art Music Pop Culture Family Festival Health Historical Lifestyle Religion Education Cullman Christian Cullman City Cullman County Sacred Heart St. Bernard Prep St. Paul's Wallace State Opinion Editorial Voice Alerts County Schools CCSO City Schools CPD Road Closings Weather Local Torch run, field day focus on Cullman’s special needs community The day was dedicated to the late Bob Palys News Local W.C. Mann 23 hours 16 minutes ago Sheriff Matt Gentry and his son William, CCSO Lt. Rex Sorrow and athlete/torch bearer Justin Fenner CULLMAN - On Friday, the special needs community of Cullman County came together at Oliver Woodard Stadium at Cullman High School for the 2017 Cullman Area Special Needs Field Day. The day began at the Cullman County Courthouse, where Cullman Mayor Woody Jacobs and officers with the Cullman County Sheriff’s Office (CCSO) and Cullman City Police Department (CPD), lit a torch for the games in a ceremony that featured athlete Alivia Bencze leading the Pledge of Allegiance.  Runners, led by none other than Cullman County Sheriff Matt Gentry, carried the torch to the stadium, where athletes Justin Fenner, Karsyn McWaters and Hunter Haynes took it around the track.  That began a day of spirited but friendly athletic competition. The games and run were both dedicated to the memory of Holly Pond Key Club Sponsor and longtime supporter of the special needs community, Coach Bob Palys.  Before the torch run, Lt. Rex Sorrow remarked, “This community torch run and the games today will be dedicated to the memory of Coach Bob Palys.  He’s always been a huge supporter of the Special Needs Field Day, providing volunteers from his Key Club at Holly Pond.  I think, as a matter of fact, he owned or was part owner of the Awards Palace, and so he would donate awards, ribbons and all kinds of things like that to the Special Needs Day.  Even today, his family is very good about helping out with special needs and the Special Needs Field Day; so we want to make sure that everybody remembers today as being in memory of Mr. Palys.” Jacobs added, “He helped raise me.  He was a special part of my life.  He benefited the Special Olympics, and my daughter played at the Miracle Field also, so it just touches my heart today for what y’all are doing in this run.” At the stadium, Melba Palys, Bob Palys’ widow, shared, “He was the most giving person I ever knew.  He loved Special Olympics.  We had a son who had spina bifida; he really got started with him.  His Key Club got involved, because they always need help.  It’s been the history of his life: that he worked with Key Club and giving back to the community every chance he got.  You just don’t know how much this means; it just thrills my heart.  He would be so honored.” Approximately 150 athletes took part in the day’s activities, including tennis ball and softball throws, shot put, dashes, assisted walks, wheelchair races and broad jumps.  They were cheered on and assisted by around 250 volunteers including 25 off-duty CCSO deputies, CPD officers and school resource officers. “We’ve got so many people helping us, it’s just unreal,” said Sorrow.  “People volunteer to help us.  Wal-Mart Transportation has purchased medals for all the students that are participating today, so every student will get a participatory medal.  Then they’ll also get ribbons if they’re first or second in their heat.  The sheriff has brought red noses for all the students at the games, and has graciously decided to cook for everybody; so we’ll be having hamburgers, hot dogs, and chips and drinks. The chips were donated by Wal-Mart on 157, and the drinks were donated by Wal-Mart Transportation. “The sheriff is real big on community events, and he loves getting out and helping out with anything like that,” Sorrow continued. “In fact, he’s the first sheriff who’s ever run in the Torch Run.” After the run, Gentry fired up the grill and personally cooked hundreds of hamburgers and hot dogs that he provided free of charge to athletes and their families, along with volunteers. “I always tell everybody our greatest gift is our children,” said Gentry, “and that’s what this is really about: our children and our schools, and doing something special for all our kids.” The CCSO, along with the CPD, has served the special needs community for years, working with the Special Olympics.  According to a source at the department, a discrepancy over expenditure of donated funds led to a separation.  While not currently associated with Special Olympics, the CCSO has not altered its commitment to persons with special needs, but has focused the use of raised funds on the special needs community of Cullman County. Look for a full photo gallery on our Facebook page at www.facebook.com/CullmanTribune. Copyright 2017 Humble Roots, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Cullman City Police Chief Kenny Culpepper Torch bearers Justin Fenner, Karsyn McWaters and Hunter Haynes Keywords:  Featured News Local Special Needs 2017 Cullman Area Special Needs Field Day Field Day Torch Run Cullman County Sheriff's Office Cullman City Police Department View the discussion thread. Social Stream Trending Latest Updated: 1 hour 52 sec ago (UPDATED) 2 dead after ATV wreck at Stony Lonesome Updated: 2 days 14 hours ago West Point woman arrested for distribution Updated: 2 days 52 min ago Falkville woman killed in Thursday morning crash Updated: 1 day 3 hours ago Former Double Springs MS teacher sentenced for attempted sodomy, transmitting... Updated: 2 days 3 hours ago 3 Cullman area students honored at Samford University McWhorter School of Pharmacy... Updated: 53 min 22 sec ago Coroner IDs 2 Stony Lonesome victims Updated: 5 sec ago Severe weather can't dampen spirit of 18th annual Cullman County Sports Hall of Fame banquet Updated: 3 hours 32 min ago Good Hope Invitational suspended due to weather Updated: 1 hour 52 sec ago (UPDATED) 2 dead after ATV wreck at Stony Lonesome Updated: 8 hours 20 min ago Escaped Cullman inmate captured in Mississippi   Follow Us © The Cullman Tribune 2017 ▲ Top
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Streetwise The Burt Reynolds Stock Market Maybe, just this once, a bell will actually ring as the market nears a top. By Kopin Tan Biography Updated April 22, 2017 1:22 a.m. ET Webster’s dictionary defines confusion as a lack of certainty and conviction, but we’re much kinder here in the stock market: Waffling between two outcomes and betting on both is not only encouraged, it’s referred to—with much approval—as hedging. Stocks’ on-again, off-again rally was on again last week, and it took the Standard &... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. The One Number That Shows Trouble At Verizon Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. It’s Time to Put Some Money Into Banks Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Morningstar’s New Gambit: Opportunity, Controversy Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Why Amazon Can’t Kill Costco Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Top Hedge Fund’s Unusual Value Stock Picks Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: A New Dawn for Morningstar 2 BofA CEO on Economy, Bank, the Environment 3 Will Kate Spade Sell? Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: magicvalley.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Local Mini-Cassia Crime & Courts The Big Story Business Agriculture Government & Politics Education Community National Wildfires Sports High School Sports College of Southern Idaho Boise State Bliss High School: Bears Prep Sports Buhl High School: Indians Prep Sports Burley High School: Bobcats Prep Sports Carey High School: Panthers Prep Sports Castleford High School: Wolves Prep Sports Camas County High School: Mushers Prep Sports Canyon Ridge High School: Riverhawks Prep Sports Community School: Cutthroats Prep Sports Declo High School: Hornets Prep Sports Dietrich High School: Devils Prep Sports Filer High School: Wildcats Prep Sports Glenns Ferry High School: Pilots Prep Sports Gooding High School: Senators Prep Sports Hagerman High School: Pirates Prep Sports Hansen High School: Huskies Prep Sports Jerome High School: Tigers Prep Sports Kimberly High School: Bulldogs Prep Sports Lighthouse Christian School: Lions Prep Sports Minico High School: Spartans Prep Sports Murtaugh High School: Red Devils Prep Sports Oakley High School: Hornets Prep Sports Richfield High School: Tigers Prep Sports Raft River High School: Trojans Prep Sports Shoshone High School: Indians Prep Sports Twin Falls High: Bruins Prep Sports Valley High School: Vikings Prep Sports Wendell High School: Trojans Prep Sports Wood River High: Wolverines Prep Sports Lifestyles Entertainment Outdoors Faith & Values Food Calendar People Opinion Our View Other Views Letters to the Editor Blogs Photos & Videos Photo Galleries Video Photo Blog Obituaries Weather Games & Puzzles Buy & Sell Business Directory Real Estate Autos Classifieds Today's Deal Place an Ad Newspaper Ads Jobs Weekly Ads e-Edition Contact Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 53° Twin Falls, ID (83301) Today Partial cloudiness early, with scattered showers and thunderstorms in the afternoon. High 63F. Winds WSW at 15 to 25 mph. Chance of rain 40%. Winds could occasionally gust over 40 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy skies early will become overcast later during the night. Low 43F. Winds SW at 15 to 25 mph. Updated: April 22, 2017 @ 11:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Opinion Events Obituaries Buy & Sell Close Our View: Cheers and Jeers Apr 22, 2017 0 Cheer Sometimes it takes the worst to bring out our best. Case in point was the bus crash this week that injured dozens of Carey Junior High School students on their way to a track meet. Authorities have yet to determine why the bus crashed, but it suddenly left the roadway and rolled Tuesday west of Richfield on the way to Gooding. Good Samaritans immediately stopped along the roadway to nurse the injured children. First-responders rushed to the scene. Helicopter crews flew the most seriously injured to area hospitals. Others were carried in ambulances. The Blaine County School District was quick to alert parents and organized a meeting point where parents could learn more information. And while their first priority was rightly aiding the injured, authorities also cooperated with media as the situation developed to keep the public informed. By Wednesday, all the children had been released from hospitals. Most were already back to school. We shudder to think how bad things could have gone if so many people hadn’t acted quickly and professionally. So, thank you, to all the people who helped respond to the crash. Jeer Jeers to the man who boosted a Fish and Game trailer from the department’s headquarters in Boise two weeks ago – and is apparently still driving it around. The trailer was last spotted at the Walmart in Jerome. Authorities say the trailer was loaded with radio collars, dart guns, drive nets and other equipment used to trap and monitor big game. The gear is worth tens of thousands of dollars. “Some of the stolen items have been recovered, apparently dumped by the thief at several random locations between Boise, Mountain Home and Jerome,” the department said in a statement. “But the trailer, together with most of the other capture gear, remains missing.” Fish and Game asks anyone with information about the trailer to call its Nampa office at 208-465-8465, the CAP hotline at 800-632-5999 or Idaho State Police at 208-846-7550. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Cheer Chobani founder Hamdi Ulukaya has been named to Time’s 2017 list of the 100 most influential people in the world, the first time the head of an Idaho company has made the list. By now his story is familiar to anyone in Idaho: Born in a Turkish village, Ulukaya came to the United States 23 years ago on a student visa. He opened his first yogurt factory in New York in 2007 and the world’s largest yogurt factory in Twin Falls just five years later. Today, Chobani is one of the most successful companies in the world. The Twin Falls factory is widely considered as the primary catalyst to transforming the Magic Valley economy, leading to more than a billion dollars in new economic development. Now a billionaire, Ulukaya is known almost as much for his philanthropy and progressive leadership style as he is for his Greek yogurt. “It really recognizes him for the brave business sense he has,” Mayor Shawn Barigar said. “It recognizes him for his business, but also points to his personal philosophies and his support of immigrants and his personal commitment to some of the challenges of the refugee crisis internationally.” We’re grateful to have Chobani in our community — and grateful the company has a leader like Ulukaya. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Transports Hamdi Ulukaya Politics Commerce Trailer Economics Chobani Factory Yogurt Fish Twin Falls × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Submit a Letter Submit a Letter to the Editor Most Popular UPDATE: Serious injuries in Blaine Co. school bus rollover, police say Declo man pleads guilty to wife's murder 2 Camas County teens missing Devastating flood threat pulls Cassia County together Trump signs flood disaster declaration to fix Magic Valley roads Most Commented Letter: Time for a recall(14) Letter: Clinton investigation was a farce(8) BLOG: Twin city manager asks for more input on 'welcoming city' resolution(6) Brugger: Where are the grown-ups?(5) Judge denies Times-News request, seals video in drive-by murder case(5) Latest in section Our View: Cheers and Jeers Our View: Airport remodel a milestone In their words: Lawmakers reflect on session Our View: Cheers and Jeers Idaho View: Idaho needs wholesale, not piecemeal, tax reform See All Print Ads TIMES NEWS RECRUITMENT - Ad from 2017-04-23 SERENITY FUNERAL CHAPEL - Ad from 2017-04-23 WOK & GRILL - Ad from 2017-04-23 WOK & GRILL - Ad from 2017-04-23 Bulletin Currents Travel Ranking domestic airlines from first to worst Magic Valley Lifestyles Queen Elizabeth II celebrates 91st birthday Southern Idaho Entertainment The 52 worst sitcoms of all time Today In History, April 22: "Earth Day" Today’s top pics: Another deadly Paris shooting and more Your daily 6: A flying car, the Teacher of the Year, the X-Files Today's Birthdays, April 21: Queen Elizabeth II Dwayne Johnson eyed for Fast and Furious spin-off WNBA training camps set to open Yeo, Blues prep for Predators after five-game win over Wild Tomas, Peralta power Diamondbacks past Dodgers 11-5 Latest Local Offers Let CPR Give You a Helping Hand! If you have hand, elbow, shoulder or even overall arm pain, let our Board Certified Hand The… Center For Physical Rehabilitation 754 N. College Rd. Suite D, Twin Falls, ID 83301 208-734-5313 Ads Springtime brings fresh starts. Start your weight loss plan today! Call Intuitive Healing & Natural Remedies: 208-731-6267 Weight loss can be difficult without the right tools. We guide you through a process of buil… Intuitive Healing & Natural Remedies 213 3rd Ave. E., Twin Falls, ID 83301 208-731-6267 Currently Open Ads Mystic Paws Grooming Provides Pickups And Drop Offs! We'll Pick up your Pooch...Groom them...& Drop them off! Call Today! (208) 735-1015 We have flexible hours for pickups and drop offs! It's just $5 for Twin Falls residents, and… Mystic Paws Grooming, LLC 2054 4th Avenue East, #4, Twin Falls, ID 83301 208-735-1015 Ads TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Taliban attack kills, injures more than 100 Women scientists show their force at science march First federal genital mutilation case in US Erin Moran on life after 'Happy Days' (1981) Sites & Partners Print Edition Online Magic Valley Wheels Today's Deal Online Features Tools & Services Customer Service Subscribe Activate Advertise Email Alerts Contact Us About Us © Copyright 2017 Times-News, 132 Fairfield ST W Twin Falls, ID | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Police & Fire Politics Marijuana news MGM Springfield Business Weather Opinion Traffic Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu Today's obituaries Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive on YouTube MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Patriots on Facebook Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest Back to Main Menu MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters comments U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren brings populist message to Mount Holyoke College Print Email Mary Serreze | Special to The Republican By Mary Serreze | Special to The Republican masslive.com Follow on Twitter on April 21, 2017 at 10:13 PM, updated April 22, 2017 at 7:43 AM comments SOUTH HADLEY -- Progressive leader Elizabeth Warren said America can once again become a land of opportunity for ordinary people, but that it's going to take a fight. The Democratic U.S. Senator delivered her message of left-wing populism to an enthusiastic sold-out crowd at Mount Holyoke College Friday night. Warren's latest book, "This Fight is Our Fight: The Battle to Save America's Middle Class," was released earlier this week. From 1935 to 1980, America "invested in opportunity" and created a stable middle class, but in recent decades, most resources have gone to the top ten percent, she said. Since then, spending on education, infrastructure, and research have plummeted in favor of an economy that "works for the millionaires and billionaires." As for President Donald Trump, he has "delivered one gut punch after another to working families across this country." Warren told stories from her book ("Mike," a man with early-onset Alzheimer's who asked her to fight for medical research; "Gina" a Walmart worker who despairs of her economic future) and said what happens in Washington matters to real people. Warren said Alzheimer's presents "a perfect example" of the need for more research funding in the federal budget. In 2016, Americans "spent $236 billion on Alzheimer's care," but the National Institutes of Health spent only a tiny portion of that on scientists trying to understand and cure the disease. "By 2050, Alzheimer's spending alone could bankrupt Medicare," said Warren. She said Trump's budget cuts for basic medical research will end up costing more in the long run. Women's rights "are not up for grabs," Warren said. She told of attending the women's march in Boston, and witnessing a massive crowd, including "women wearing pussy hats, men pushing strollers," and a child riding on her father's shoulders with a sign saying "I fight like a girl." Warren was introduced Friday night by Mount Holyoke College acting president Sonya Stevens, who compared Warren with Frances Perkins, an alumna who served as U.S. Secretary of Labor from 1933-1945. Perkins helped craft and implement many of President Franklin D. Roosevelt's "New Deal" policies. Warren and Perkins share "something of the fighting spirit," said Stevens. Democrats, now the minority party with a Republican president and GOP majorities in the House and Senate, will need that spirit if they hope to turn things around in the 2018 mid-term elections. Kirsten Hughes, chairman of the Massachusetts Republican Party, said in an email Friday that Warren's book tour won't help her prospects outside of the liberal left. "Sen. Warren's stock is sinking fast in Massachusetts, but it will take more than a book tour of liberal enclaves to reverse her rising negatives. From the typical DC tactic of asking for another term but refusing to commit to serving it out; to her vote against more funding to fight the opioid crisis, she's dug herself a deep hole. More appearances in front of friendly audiences won't solve her problems with regular voters," said Hughes. Warren said she is not launching a 2020 presidential bid, but will run to retain her Senate seat in 2018. She said she plans to do so with "optimism, hope, and fiery determination." Active Discussions Most Read Breaking News newsletter When the big stories break, we'll send you an alert. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you You are now signed up for our Breaking News newsletter. You will receive occasional emails from us as stories break. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Circulars Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscriber Services Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Circulars Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Tourism Bed and breakfast owners closing their doors blame Airbnb, local government US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Did you know Tampa's flag is a 'monstrosity'? No one else does, either Undercover volunteer: Wealthy car dealer does the dirty jobs quietly at Tampa charity Tampa police investigate homicide at apartment complex Ryan promises to keep government open, makes no promises on health care Why was 'Saved by the Bell' star in Wesley Chapel on Saturday? News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana State Roundup Four extraordinary days at the Florida Capitol: How Artiles went from defiance to resignation Top News Berkeley students who invited Coulter threaten to sue university Ryan promises to keep government open, makes no promises on health care Trump says he will hold rally while skipping correspondents' dinner Four extraordinary days at the Florida Capitol: How Artiles went from defiance to resignation Trump tells 'dreamers' to rest easy, targets criminals Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Bucs 2017 NFL Draft Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors Rowdies More The Heater Rays overcome more bad fortune to rally past Astros (w/video) Golf Auto Racing Storm Rays Opening Day gifs Spring Training Steven Stamkos Jameis Winston Evan Longoria Top News Rays overcome more bad fortune to rally past Astros (w/video) Bucs should jump at chance to draft FSU RB Dalvin Cook U.S. tied 1-1 with Czech Republic after Fed Cup Day 1 at Saddlebrook Bucs' draft wish list: Players coming at you like a wrecking ball 2017 NFL draft: Of the top running back prospects, Dalvin Cook is the most explosive. Here are the numbers. Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2017 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Events Top things to do in Tampa Bay for April 22 Top News Review: 'T2 Trainspotting' deftly ages a drugged-out bunch Lettuce explain why you're paying a dollar more for leafy greens Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Gov. Rick Scott should veto rideshare bill Top Opinion Editorial: Tampa Bay ferry a successful experiment Cooperation got us ready for drought Column: More conversations needed on public safety Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Worse than the pain? The shame of endometriosis Top News Did you know Tampa's flag is a 'monstrosity'? No one else does, either Review: Michael Connelly's 'Bosch' returns for an engrossing Season 3 Video: Starbucks barista goes on an epic tirade over the Unicorn Frappuccino Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Largo Walmart evacuated after reports of chemical smell inside store Times staff Tampa Bay Times Friday, April 21, 2017 3:26pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged LARGO — Emergency hazardous materials crews were dispatched to a Walmart Supercenter on Friday afternoon after receiving reports of a chemical smell in the store, according to Largo Fire Rescue. The store at 990 Missouri Ave. N was evacuated. Some people inside the business initially complained of tight throats and were having trouble breathing, according to Largo Fire Rescue, but no one has been hospitalized. The order smelled like a lemon-scented cleaner. "We don't have anything that's showing on our meters as to be any environmental hazard or contaminant," said Largo deputy fire Chief David Mixson. Largo Walmart evacuated after reports of chemical smell inside store 04/21/17 [Last modified: Friday, April 21, 2017 3:27pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2017 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Click here to sign up for our 'Day Starter' newsletter Get the top headlines from the Tampa Bay Times' and what you need to know to start your day in your inbox every morning.   Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Photo reprints and licensing Article reprints and licensing Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2017 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Skip to main content Send a Tip Contact Donate Home About Blog Video Subscribe Search form SearchSearch MRC Business MRC Culture MRC Latino Like ... Follow Hot Topics: France North Korea Sean Spicer Georgia Special Election HuffPost Blogger Says Trump Supporters ‘Deserve to Die More Than I Do' By Randy Hall | April 21, 2017 | 4:36 PM EDT Share it Tweet it 0 shares Here’s a new item for the “Just When You Thought You’d Seen It All Department.” The left-wing Huffington Post website recently deleted a blog in which the author actually “fantasized about the deaths of Donald Trump supporters” because they “deserve to die more than I do.” Written by contributor Chris Call, the item began by stating: “So we all woke up to the news on Thursday that our chocolate cake enthusiast turned commander-in-chief dropped the ‘mother of all bombs’ on an ISIS {Islamic State of Iraq and Syria] tunnel complex in Afghanistan.” “As of now,” he continued in a post only available as an archive, “no word yet on how many innocent civilians the biggest non-nuclear bomb, which has never before been used in combat, obliterated.” Call then noted: As the world seems more and more perched on the precipice of a major military conflict, and perhaps even the dawn of this “nuclear winter” we’ve all heard so much about over the years, I find myself contemplating a few things. Will my down parka be enough for this nuclear winter, or should I buy a new pair of long johns? “But in all seriousness,” he noted, “the thought of a world in which mentally unstable dictators are hurling nuclear warheads at one another is pretty terrifying, especially if you’re a person like me, who lives in a major U.S. city. “San Francisco might not be at the top of the target list,” Call asserted, “but I’m betting it’s higher up than some s**thole town in Nebraska.” “In fact,” Call noted, “the majority of states where Trump supporters continue to wear their red “MAGA” (Make American Great Again) caps and give a solid thumbs up to the putrid dumpster fire of an administration he’s been running so far don’t contain a single town where a ‘radical Islamic terrorist’ would even stop to take a s**t in a Walmart bathroom, let alone one that a crazed North Korean leader would want to nuke into oblivion.“ “If the bombs start dropping, it’ll be on cities like New York, Los Angeles, … maybe even Miami,” he continued. “The first Americans to be vaporized or poisoned with radiation in the coming nuclear war will be the ones who tried to stop this crazy train from leaving the station.” “All those aforementioned cities are filled with people who overwhelmingly voted against giving this 70-year-old man-child who hasn’t yet mastered the art of forming complete sentences the nuclear codes,” Call stated. “I sure would feel better having a president who at least picks a lie and really commits to it.” Trump voters “also continue to overwhelmingly support this man after numerous botched attempts at following through on some of his basic campaign promises and blatant disregard or flip-flopping on others,” the contributor added. “Do I think that all Trump supporters are virulent white supremacists burning crosses on the lawns of Black folks and immigrants?” he asked. “No, of course not,” Call stated. “But if at one point I was nearly convinced to feel compassion toward people who voted against my interests, what am I to make of people who are so willfully ignorant and bigoted that they cheerfully vote against their own?” At that point, he started shooting with both barrels against “a pretty significant number of these people [who] aren’t only ignorant, they’re proud of it. They revel in it. They want you to know how much they hate immigrants and Blacks and Jews and gays and women and trans people in public bathrooms.” Call then claimed: The majority of people I know who live in New York, Los Angeles, Miami and San Francisco want to leave the world a better place than they found it. They don’t want endless wars to line the pockets of billionaires and they damn sure don’t want a nuclear winter to make our planet some post-apocalyptic nightmare. So they try to live their lives in such a way that isn’t consumed by hatred and bigotry. The writer then finally came to the point of his item: Trump supporters "are the people who deserve to have their towns annihilated. These people are who actually deserve to die in a war that they’ll line up to support. Not my ass. I have a lot to live for. They’ve already decided that they don’t.” This column is almost as bizarre as another item taken down from the Huffington Post site by Shelley Garland in which the black woman called for “redistribution of global assets to their rightful owners” or taking everything away from all white men and giving it to everybody else. Apparently, you know your opinion is too liberal when even the Huffington Post takes it down. War on Terrorism Huffington Post Dan Gainor Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Randy Hall Bio | Archive Randy Hall More from Randy Hall View the discussion thread. Like ... Follow RTP CBS Blacks Out GM Factory Being Seized by Socialist Venezuela MSNBC Firmly Condemns Trump for Referring to Paris Attack as Terrorism NY Times Politicizes Pats' WH Visit With Bogus Photo Comparison Honeymoon from Hell: The Liberal Media vs. President Trump Spicer Slams Media: Dems Didn’t ‘Almost Win’ in Georgia, ‘They Lost’ Comments Like ... Follow Search form SearchSearch Home About Blog Video Subscribe CNSNews.com MRCTV MRC Business MRC Culture Take Action Jobs Advertise Support NewsBusters Support MRC Business Support MRC Culture Support MRC Latino Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2017 Media Research Center The mission of the Media Research Center is to create a media culture in America where truth and liberty flourish. The MRC is a research and education organization operating under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, and contributions to the MRC are tax-deductible. Copyright © 2005-2017, Media Research Center. All Rights Reserved. Federal employees and military personnel can donate to the Media Research Center through the Combined Federal Campaign or CFC. To donate to the MRC, use CFC #12489. Visit the CFC website for more information about giving opportunities in your workplace.
null
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Henry Winkler and Ron Howard lead tributes to their Happy Days co-star Erin Moran after actress who played feisty teenager Joanie Cunningham dies aged 56 'of a suspected heroin overdose' Tragic last photos of 14-year-old and his grandmother who went missing while hiking in the Grand Canyon are discovered after search crews find his GoPro attached to his backpack Facelift at Fox: How James and Lachlan Murdoch fired Ailes and O'Reilly and are now set to battle for control of dad Rupert's 'band-of-pirates' empire North Korea arrests US citizen at Pyongyang Airport after he had been in the country for a month to discuss relief efforts Seasoned Ironman triathlon competitor, 54, dies after going underwater during the swimming portion of the event Two people are arrested after Milwaukee child, four, dies of a suspected opioid overdose Trump is greeted by fans at his Washington hotel as he dines with Melania, Ivanka and Treasury Secretary Mnuchin ahead of next week's major tax announcement North Korea WILL launch a nuclear strike if Trump attacks, warns foreign ministry spokesman who promises 'death-defying' victory against the American 'Imperialists' FBI Director James Comey 'distrusted former Attorney General Loretta Lynch because she tried to play down the investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails' President Trump and Melania insist on personally awarding Purple Heart to Afghanistan veteran after being 'so moved' by his bravery as they visit military hospital Koala-ity time with the family! U.S. Vice President Mike Pence cuddles up to native Aussie animals at Sydney zoo with his girls in a relaxed end to his trip Hillary Clinton makes surprise appearance at Tribeca Film Festival as panelist for new Kathryn Bigelow movie and talks about her work to save elephants from poachers Revenge of the nerds: Scientists outdo one another across the country with hilarious signs for the March for Science protesting Trump's research and EPA budget cuts 'You're out of your element, Donald': Scientists march worldwide against Trump's budget cuts and 'growing anti-research sentiment' - with support from celebs including Rosario Dawson, Kate Walsh and Bill Nye 'Economic growth enhances environmental protection. Jobs matter!’ Trump fails to mention climate change in Earth Day statement in marked change of tone from Obama  EXCLUSIVE: Running the country! Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump return from their morning jog in the rain near their home in Washington DC Rupert Murdoch phones Trump every week to talk strategy and commiserated with Sean Spicer over Hitler and 'Holocaust Center' gaffe  Carter Page denies Russia used him to infiltrate the Trump campaign as it's revealed the president's lawyer told him to 'cease' calling himself an adviser Trump will mark his 100th day in office with a 'BIG' rally in Pennsylvania that also clashes with the White House Correspondents' Dinner 'I think Trump edited that himself': President is mocked for tweeting bizarre patriotic video celebrating American charity worker freed from Egyptian jail EXCLUSIVE: Mel B and her nanny were lovers, had sex 'multiple times a week' - and it was former Spice Girl and NOT her husband who pressured the teen into making threesome sex tapes, bombshell lawsuit claims Mel B steps out for lunch with daughters Madison and Phoenix as former nanny claims in bombshell lawsuit they were 'lovers' and 'had sex multiple times a week' 'She was one of their targets': Rita Ora reportedly declined Mel B and Stephen Belafonte when they asked the singer to partake in a threesome 'You are an inspiration to children and for that you should be proud!' Atlanta Falcons wide receiver Mohamed Sanu receives heartwarming note from passenger praising his conduct Previous Next Suck on this! The moment a woman attacks a motorist with a VACUUM CLEANER in road rage fight in Georgia Kamyrah Parks was charged with one count of battery and one count of criminal damage after she used a Dirt Devil to hit a man during a road rage fight She hit a man with the vacuum on a road in Chamblee, Georgia  The man told police she cut him and his mother off in her car several times  By Kaileen Gaul For Dailymail.com Published: 20:45 EDT, 21 April 2017 | Updated: 01:36 EDT, 22 April 2017 e-mail 74 shares 3 View comments Kamyrah Parks was charged with one count of battery and one count of criminal damage A Georgia woman whipped a Dirt Devil vacuum out of her trunk to hit a man in a road rage fight. Kamyrah Parks of Chamblee, Georgia was charged with one count of battery and one count of criminal damage for the bizarre fight on Thursday. Parks claims she was using the Dirt Devil to defend herself against a male passenger being driven by his mother in a Range Rover. Parks and a man with the surname Davis engaged in a physical fight that was caught on video when they both pulled into the same lane at Chamblee Tucker Road, according to Fox 5 Atlanta.  Davis said his mom was driving him to work at Walmart and Parks kept cutting them off. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next Kim goes nuclear: How North Korea is side-lining tanks at... Market trader, 28, 'hoping to make £3m profit from fall in... Catch a stoner! Minnesota cops set a 'trap' for marijuana... Share this article Share Davis repeatedly hit Parks' window when she pulled over. He then turned around to go back to his car which is when Parks exited her vehicle to get the Dirt Devil from her trunk. Kamyrah Parks (with red vacuum) used a Dirt Devil to hit a man in a road-rage fight Thursday She followed him to his car and whacked the Range Rover with the red vacuum multiple times. She then hit Davis with the Dirt Devil before he runs after her. The two then engaged in a physical smack-down on the side of the road. Davis appears to push Parks to the ground. Both appear to throw punches in the video shot by witness Frazer Christopher. A passerby pulled over to intervene. He wasn't able to help for long because the good Samaritan forgot to put the brakes on and his truck began to roll away.   Davis told police his mom was driving him to work at Walmart when Parks allegedly kept cutting off his car which led to the road rage fight Thursday  Read more: Police: Woman arrested after Chamblee road rage involving vacuum - Story | WAGA Share or comment on this article e-mail 74 shares Most watched News videos Mom sobs after AA flight attendant 'violently took her stroller' Dramatic footage of fight between Somali pirates and cargo ship Pit bulls maul man as he saves his own dog from vicious attack Ferry smashes into port wall after engine failure in Gran Canaria John Trode tells off chef Lisa Allen for nearly double dipping Bleeding child screams in aftermath of 'Russian air force' bomb Terrified Chinese student mauled by a cheetah on guided tour GRAPHIC: Horrifying moment pit bull attacks toddler in street Adorable orphaned baby kangaroo is inseparable from her pouch French police officers arrest a man in attempted knife attack Cha-cha-charming: Toddler's funky dance sends her toppling over Hilarious moment cat is inspired by Houdini to escape from lead Bone cancer victim, 20, lies in the dress and make-up she... Henry Winkler and Ron Howard lead tributes to their Happy... EXCLUSIVE: Teacher on the run with his student, 15, spent... Dramatic footage captures a deadly firefight between... EXCLUSIVE: Mel B and her nanny were lovers, had sex... Stevie Wonder leads the droves of A-list guests arriving... Auctioneers expect a rousing reaction as a rare,... Saturday Kitchen causes a stir after host John Torode... North Korea could destroy the world with just THREE bombs... Diner publicly shames her cheating boyfriend after... How the emotional outpourings of the two 'self-absorbed'... Ferne McCann's lover is arrested on suspicion of... Ferry smashes into a port wall on Gran Canaria leaving... Tory lead is slashed in half after tax U-turn: Bombshell... Did Madeleine McCann wander off and have an accident? Was... Passengers flee in panic as knife-wielding man is tackled... President Trump and Melania insist on personally awarding... EXCLUSIVE: Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump return from... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 3 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have been moderated in advance.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Henry Winkler and Ron Howard lead tributes to their Happy Days co-star Erin Moran after actress dies aged 56 'of a suspected heroin overdose' Suns out, (baby) bump out! Pregnant Kayla Rae Reid shows off her growing belly during Malibu beach day with fiance Ryan Lochte Posted a bikini photo Girls night out! Lena Dunham cuddles up to her mom at the premiere of My Art at Tribeca Film Festival Teamed chunky sneakers with her dress 'She is outnumbered by toddlers and dogs...OMG!' Kris Jenner shares snap of Kathy Griffin as she babysits North and Saint West She looked surprised Simply radiant! Sharon Stone channels '90s chic in lace dress as she attends the Orange Ball to benefit Lupus LA She is one of 23 celebrity ambassadors Tied up in knots! Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries wears bizarre corset as she DJs in a $450 T-shirt for Earth Day Unusual look Home sweet home! Cindy Crawford nails casual chic as she shops for furniture with pals in Hollywood Looks like she is getting a home makeover Hailey Baldwin flaunts her cleavage in sultry pose wearing sexy peekaboo swimsuit after Coachella parties Showcased her incredible figure Fierce fashionista! Hailee Steinfeld shows off girly glam in tulle mini dress at JDRF Imagine Gala in LA Clad in a long-sleeved embroidered tulle dress It's a slam dunk! Kobe and Vanessa Bryant look the glamorous couple as they step out for premiere of Dear Basketball New York City premiere Yeah mom! Gwen Stefani rocks a 'Jamaica no problem' T-shirt as she runs errands with son Kingston Rossdale  Sepped out in California Effortless chic! Jessica Alba dons simple linen jumpsuit and khaki jacket as she enjoys fun day of shopping with daughters Casual chic Family day out! Nicole Richie wears floral caftan for grocery shopping with her two kids and sister-in-law Cameron Diaz Spotted shopping in LA Love triangle: Kylie Jenner is caught holding hands with Travis Scott at Coachella... after awkward run-in with former flame Tyga She is moving on  Bat dad! Chris Martin channels Caped Crusader in casual shirt as he steps out in Malibu with Apple and Moses The Coldplay frontman looked like a kid at heart Soccer mom! Jennifer Garner flashes her pins in denim shorts as she takes her children to sports practice The mother-of-three looked radiant Mel B steps out for lunch with daughters... as former nanny claims in bombshell lawsuit they were 'lovers' and 'had sex multiple times a week' Just the girls! Kristen Bell spends Earth Day with her daughters as they enjoy outdoor event at LA's Griffith Park Protected her face with a straw hat Melanie Griffith looks fab in floral frock at star-studded gala for The Humane Society in LA The well styled blonde beauty wore her hair up Showing him what she's got! Jennifer Lopez, 47, flashes her bra with sheer green dress as she joins Alex Rodriguez, 41, for dinner in Miami White hot! Charlotte McKinney flashes cleavage and legs in white blazer dress at premiere of Literally, Right Before Aaron Sizzling on the red carpet Oh how we laughed! Uma Thurman and Zac Posen get the giggles as they attend the premiere of the House Of Z They struggled to keep their composure Wedding prep! Ashley Greene and fiance Paul Khoury treat themselves to a couple's mani pedi in Beverly Hills  Spent their Saturday getting pampered Mellow yellow! Elizabeth Moss radiates in a draped dress for the Tribeca Film Festival premiere of Tokyo Project Summer ready Malia Obama shows off her nineties street style while out with a friend in New York City  She headed for lunch at a restaurant in New York City on Saturday Natural beauty! Gisele Bundchen frolics by the beach in tiny string bikini as she leads the stars on social media with Earth Day snaps Looking sensational  'There's nobody freaking out if something happens to me': Dance Moms' alum Abby Lee Miller reveals nerves ahead of weight loss surgery A very modern look! Ariel Winter sparkles in embellished thigh-skimming minidress as she attends the 2017 Tribeca Film Festival Dazzling appearance Leggy and lovely! Baywatch's Alexandra Daddario dazzles at film's SlowMo Marathon in LA She is promoting the upcoming film Going strong! Leggy Selma Blair looks ready for summer in t-shirt and shorts as she enjoys day out with beau Ron Carlson Down time Hat girl! Paula Patton looks effortlessly good as she enjoys a giggle on Vancouver set of new show Somewhere Between Playing it sun safe Joanna Blooper! Real Housewives of Miami star Krupa falls victim to a gust of wind as she flashes her nude underwear while stepping out for dinner 'We have our things that bother each other': Actress Elsa Pataky reveals hubby Chris Hemsworth DOES have flaws Hollywood power couple She chopped her hair off! Pinup Erika Eleniak, 47, shows off short blonde locks at Baywatch event where she mingles with Zac Efron Fabulous at 59! Andie Macdowell is a timeless beauty as she flaunts her age-defying figure in chic dress at movie premiere Still turning heads She doesn't age! Playboy vet Donna D'Errico, 49, looks sensational at Baywatch reunion 20 years after leaving the TV series Still stunning  Tickled pink! Kelly Rohrbach stuns in figure-hugging blush dress at Baywatch Slow Motion Marathon Baywatch movie is set for theaters next month 'Love your body the way it is!': Demi Lovato claims she used 'no filter, no edit' while posing makeup-free in teeny bikini Has never looked better  His anniversary gift! LeAnn Rimes poses in skimpy red bikini as she celebrates six years of marriage with Eddie Cibrian Little red two piece 'I've spent a lot of time in Africa': Reese Witherspoon expresses her fondness for elephants as she speaks out against poaching 'She was one of their targets': Rita Ora 'declined Mel B and Stephen Belafonte when they asked her to partake in a threesome' Three years ago Arnold Schwarzenegger cuts dapper figure in a striped blazer as he preps for flight to Brazil for his annual sports festival 'I'm so used to it which is almost a sad thing to say': Kylie Minogue, 48, opens up about pressure to look young after revealing she's ditched Botox Blac Chyna wears waist trainer and workout gear in latest Instagram snap...after showing off her impossibly tiny waist Post baby weight loss Ronda Rousey confirms engagement to MMA fighter Travis Browne as she posts hilarious Instagram snap 'Just engaged' Inseparable! Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez are as stylish as ever while heading into airport in Miami She slid on a nude turtlenecked sweater Not exactly Perfect Strangers! Sitcom co-stars Bronson Pinchot and Mark Linn-Baker reunite for radio interview after 24 years 'Hi, piggy!' Chrissy Teigen gives baby Luna cute Snapchat filters as they take off with John Legend Had a bit of fun with her one-year-old daughter Keeping it in the family! Britney Spears shares rare photo of her brother Bryan with her two sons He may stay out of the limelight, but Bryan is still a big part of her life Proud parents-to-be! Star Wars actor Oscar Isaac is the picture of happiness as he supports pregnant girlfriend Elvira Lind at film premiere 'They're always the worst': Elisabeth Moss talks about her 'awkward' sex scenes in The Handmaid's Tale Says no actor enjoys filming sex scenes 'A pretty stupid thing to say': Chris Pratt backpedals from remark that blue-collar Americans aren't represented in Hollywood Mel B and her nanny, 18, were lovers , had sex 'multiple times a week' - and she pressured the teen into threesomes claims bombshell lawsuit  The Queen takes on Mary Berry with a drop scones recipe she used when Eisenhower visited in 1959 in a new Buckingham Palace teas cookbook  'A true prince': Zachary Quinto writes heartfelt tribute to dog Noah after the pup's passing The 39-year-old actor said goodbye to his dog of 14 years this week Her business look! Jessica Simpson flashes her cleavage in low-cut top she pairs with black pantsuit at New York summit for her brand Cindy Crawford, 51, Christie Brinkley, 63, and Gigi Hadid, 21, share their first Harper's Bazaar covers to celebrate 150 year anniversary of magazine That just-rolled-out-of-bed look: Kesha tries to pass off a skimpy silk and lace slip as a dress while heading into LAX airport Flying in comfort Harry styles it just like Jagger: Same clothes, same pout and even the same taste in women.... no wonder Mick's fed up with his One Direction mini-me  'Nipple clamp ready': Kourtney Kardashian raises eyebrows as she shows off sex toy on Snapchat Reality star's very risque new purchase  How the emotional outpourings of the two 'self-absorbed' young Princes over the death of Diana have left the father who brought them up 'perplexed' He's married! Wizards Of Waverly Place star David Henrie ties the knot with beauty queen Maria Cahill in LA as Selena Gomez looks on Happy day for couple  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Now even Posh's mother learns The Victoria as she poses with one foot in front of the other and an arm hid down by her side  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: No wonder Catherine Zeta-Jones is a smooth operator... her bathroom cabinet is full of expensive lotions and potions  Date night in LA! Selena Gomez and The Weeknd take in John Mayer's concert as their relationship hits six month mark Still going strong Ravishing in red! Selena Gomez sizzles in skintight gown to attend wedding of Wizards Of Waverly Place co-star David Henrie  'Can't wait to sing for you and see all your looks!': Lady Gaga shares new makeup face tattoo for second weekend of Coachella Shared her new look The Kardashians are 'set to film themselves watching the Caitlyn Jenner special on KUWTK in revenge for her spilling their secrets' The thighs the limit! Pregnant Beyonce shows off her growing baby bump in mini dress and thigh highs combo for Instagram photo shoot He's 'Eternal': Cuba Gooding Jr pays touching tribute to his late soul singer father by posting the cover of his Greatest Hits album on Instagram 'He really likes her!': David Spade, 52, has 'fallen' for new girlfriend Naya Rivera, 30... as the actors are seen on steamy dinner date in LA Getting serious  Keeping Up With The Kleavage! Kris Jenner, 61, flashes her bra in risque semi-sheer bodysuit... after ex Caitlyn dishes the dirt on their marriage Kourtney Kardashian angers tweeters who call her 'immoral' after she wears a fur coat while joking she is having a 'a mental breakdown' Einstein does a Night Manager - and exposes the gravity of his depravity: Physicist has a very intimate embrace with his secretary in new TV series Genius  Enjoying her pregnancy! Serena Williams lounges on the beach in Mexico after announcing she is 20 weeks along with first baby Mel B's nanny Lorraine Gilles 'claims Spice Girl told her to "do the right thing" in handwritten note... weeks before filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte' What's his secret? Sylvester Stallone, 70, looks shockingly youthful and fit as he steps out for lunch in Beverly Hills with yellow shirt Family time in the Big Apple! Claire Danes and Hugh Dancy take their son Cyrus and Hugh's father Jonathan for a stroll in NYC Family day out  Jenna Dewan Tatum stuns in sheer black dress to support husband Channing Tatum at opening of Magic Mike Live in Vegas 'My vacation is always more beautiful when I'm next to my beautiful wife': Patrick Dempsey shares sweet note one year after reconciling with ex It's official! Deadpool 2 starring Ryan Reynolds as the Marvel anti-hero lands a release date The actor reprises his role as the disfigured anti-hero 'Many times I have spent nights crying': Kyle Richards confesses the nasty fights on Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills 'stress' her out 'I'm not dating him!' Tyga's rumored new squeeze Jordan Ozuna hits back at claims she is dating the rapper following his split from Kylie Jenner Talented Yorkshire superfan, 13, plays Shape Of You for Ed Sheeran backstage at his sell-out concert... after singing Photograph at her mother's funeral  Mariah Carey and ex husband Nick Cannon spark rumors of a romantic reunion after heading out for dinner for the second day in a row 'I look at all the other coaches and think am I the only normal one here?': UK The Voice's Boy George 'can't avoid' clashing with 'weird' judges 'I loved what she said': Ryan Murphy reacts to Olivia De Havilland's statement she has 'no memory' of the 1963 Oscars depicted on Feud Keep it under your hat! Cara Delevigne covers her newly cropped hairstyle under a cap... after revealing she will 'shave her head' for latest film role Stevie Wonder leads the droves of A-list guests arriving for lavish $250,000 wedding of Rory McIlroy and Erica Stoll (but complains that Ireland is a 'bit cold') Get ready for more Avatar! James Cameron reveals FOUR sequels will be coming out in the next eight years The world will be full of Avatar movies  'My tube is on YouTube!' John Cena and Nikki Bella bare all as they strip down to celebrate having 500,000 video subscribers  Red hot! Leggy Khloe Kardashian flashes the flesh in skimpy lingerie couture as she steps out in LA The reality star looked ravishing in red Paris Jackson shows off her enviable model figure in casual crop top and quirky boho skirt as she heads to a John Mayer concert in LA Out with her mini me! Michelle Monaghan takes daughter Willow, eight, to art gallery event in West Hollywood Debut of Terrazzo Work by Carly Jo Morgan  She's timeless! Andie MacDowell, 59, flaunts her age-defying figure in plunging glittering gown as she arrives at Groundhog Day musical In New York City  EXCLUSIVE: Laurence Fishburne's daughter Montana 'ranted about Trump, her porn career and was sexually explicit while being arrested for DUI'  Jonah Hill continues to display his slimline physique as he steps out in New York City in a sporty bomber jacket and beanie hat Cut a stylish figure  Zayn Malik shakes off his boy band image as he smokes and drinks at 'wildest house party imaginable' in new video for Still Got Time... and there's a MONKEY too  Glee(ful)! Lea Michele looks in good spirits as she steps out in bright fuchsia kimono and ripped jeans ensemble Bright and sunny  Sheer brilliance! Gisele Bundchen flaunts her famous figure in a VERY revealing black lace jumpsuit World's reigning top model for 20 years 'I dated him, too!': RHONY's Sonja Morgan admits fling with Owen Wilson after confessing she romanced Jack Nicholson Romantic revelation  KK Undercover! Kourtney Kardashian sports blonde wig as she interviews strangers in Hollywood for Jimmy Kimmel Live! Recognizable celebrity Pink to make the boys wink! Curvaceous Iskra Lawrence flashes her toned tummy in floral crop top and casual baseball jacket as she steps out in New York So money can buy love? Tyga seen purchasing an almost $4,000 Chanel bag... just a day after cozying up with Kylie look-a-like Jordan Ozuna That's one expensive bathroom break! Amy Schumer buys a salesperson a mattress as a thank you for using a store's restroom  Lavish gift  Blast from the past... Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in '90s inspired ensembles for John Mayer's concert Vintage get-up gear   Mel B 'filmed her former nanny having sex with her husband during threesomes' the woman claims as she accuses the star of branding her a 'homewrecker'  Mel B's ex Jimmy Gulzar claims she 'threatened to report their daughter Phoenix, 18, missing' in a bid to 'block her from seeing him' 'He took the p*ss out of me': Jai Courtney shares how Russell Crowe poked fun of his acting to make him into a formidable star Suicide Squad star  'We're fine with each other': Caitlyn Jenner talks ex-wife Kris as she reveals she's become distant with some of her children in 20/20 interview     DON'T MISS I am disappointed in Donald: Caitlyn Jenner hits out at Trump over LGBTQ rights but admits she DID vote for him in new interview with Diane Sawyer 'I call people like they are': Kim Zolciak slams co-stars who 'haven't grown in five years' as she prepares for RHOA comeback She left in 2013 Doctor Who star Peter Capaldi joins fans in March For Science protest... a week after show's first gay companion is showered with praise Claire Danes oozes understated elegance as she showcases her slender physique in a strapless black cocktail dress at plush Tiffany bash Beauty in blush! Sofia Vergara pairs nude tank with leather skirt as she heads to a dinner in West Hollywood She is known for her form-fitting ensembles Legs eleven! Emily Ratajkowski shimmers in red dress at Marie Claire Fresh Faces event in LA The 25-year-old stunner looked amazing Jurassic World sequel shoots rain-drenched scene involving a helicopter in a forest in the UK... as Chris Pratt asserts that the movie will be 'a lot darker' Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off washboard abs in white bikini as she enjoys pool time fun with husband Channing She slipped into a teeny tiny white bikini 'It's the best option': Elsa Pataky reveals plans for her and husband Chris Hemsworth to form their own production company  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Brooklyn Beckham takes his flashy new $45,000 Land Rover for a spin in London... after receiving FOUR parking tickets last year Heidi Klum bares her body as she gets bronzer applied to her cleavage for racy lingerie shoot She donned a skimpy number for a shoot 'It's awful, but it's not fatal': Patton Oswalt pens a touching tribute to his late wife, Michelle McNamara on the first anniversary of her sudden death Baby, it's cold outside! Newly single Hilary Duff rugs up as she heads out on the town in New York  Walked through Tribeca on a night out  Mandy Moore dazzles in purple sequin dress for Marie Claire's Fresh Faces event in West Hollywood This Is Us star looked radiant  Keeping it cool! Actress Rose Byrne rocks an edgy leather jacket over her dainty floral frock at the Tribeca Film Festival Rocking the red carpet  Pink lady! Kiernan Shipka steps out in satin pink gown and silver peep toe heels as she supports new show Feud  Mad Men actress  Jamie Lee Curtis, 58, puts on a glamorous display in a smart blazer and tailored trousers as she joins Jake Gyllenhaal at Tribeca Film Festival screening Tom Jones embraces the sunshine as he runs errands in Beverly Hills while enjoying a well-deserved break in LA Legendary singer Jetsetter! Heidi Klum cuts a casual figure in white trousers and black Gucci hoodie at LAX... after flashing the flesh for lingerie shoot On the move non-stop  That's my name! Kristin Chenoweth dazzles in emerald mini dress with low-cut neckline...and totes custom clutch Highlighted her legs  Walking On A Dream! Australian band Empire Of The Sun set the stage ablaze with their second neon-soaked performance at Coachella  Actor Edgar Ramirez plays a gored Gianni Versace as cameras roll on American Crime Story in LA Bloodstains and missing flesh All black everything! Salma Hayek dons leather pants for 11th Hour showing at NYC's Tribeca Film Festival The Frida star, 50, looked amazing  Star in stripes! Kelly Rowland flaunts her physique in figure-hugging black outfit as she heads to lunch in Beverly Hills Back in America 'I was not supposed to die that day': The Biggest Loser's Bob Harper opens up on heart attack that nearly killed him Says fate intervened Amy Adams keeps it casual as she cuddles up to husband Darren Le Gallo on Beverly Hills stroll She enjoyed the day off in Beverly Hills on Friday Surrogate for hire! Kim Kardashian shows flat post-baby tummy as fellow reality star Shawna Craig offers to carry her child (and yes, she's serious) Still a punk at heart! Sex Pistols star John Lydon cosies up to wife Nora as he jokes around at his documentary premiere during the Tribeca Film Festival EXCLUSIVE: Meet Tyga's new squeeze: Jordan Ozuna's 'obsessed' with Kim Kardashian, modeled for Kanye, and went on a date with Justin Bieber Blonde bombshell Lottie Moss shows off her tiny waist in plunging crop top and heavily ripped jeans for night out Very toned abs  The future's looking bright! Cody Simpson is a picture of content as he beams for his waiting fans at airport  Beamed for his waiting fans at LAX Airport  It ain't easy being green! Sofia Richie looks serious as she color coordinates her athleisure  The 18-year-old did not seem her happy self Private Prince: Never-seen-before pictures of reclusive megastar give a rare insight into the everyday life of tragic virtuoso one year on from his death That looks familiar! Katy Perry channels Kim Kardashian as she rocks platinum blonde braids and plunging one piece  Inspired EXCLUSIVE: 'That night she was definitely matchmaker': DJ Ruckus reveals how Paris Hilton brought him together with fiancée Shanina Shaik EXCLUSIVE: Bill O'Reilly is seen for first time since his $25 million firing by Fox News over sexual harassment claims - wearing sweatpants and slippers A dream in green! Eva Longoria flaunts toned torso in jade bikini as she hits the beach on vacation in Hawaii with hubby José Bastón Looking good at 42 In the name of fashion! Olivia Culpo flashes her legs during photo shoot in West Hollywood Back to business for the 24-year-old who was seen posing for a shoot What a bag, lady! Jessica Simpson carries a big blue tote as she rocks the boho chic look on outing with hubby Eric Johnson in New York City Bringing the glam! Reese Witherspoon dazzles in ultra chic emerald green gown as she flashes hint of cleavage at Tiffany & Co. bash Frill seeker! Jennifer Hudson stands out in bold yellow mini-dress as she joins fellow A-listers for Tiffany & Co. event in NYC Star-studded event Pajama party! Doutzen Kroes is effortlessly cool as she wears loose-fitting pantsuit at Tiffany & Co event in New York Comfort and fashion 'Springing into the weekend!' Ivanka Trump posts adorable photo of Arabella leaping off the steps of the White House Her oldest child Nicole Scherzinger is 'in talks for starring role as Elphaba in the movie adaptation of Wicked'... after impressing with stellar West End performances Dressed to impress! Elisabeth Moss and Alexis Bledel step out in two stylish looks at premiere of their series The Handmaid's Tale They looked stunning Leggy day out! Yolanda Hadid highlights her svelte frame in skinny jeans with a knitted sweater for solo outing in NYC Former model William and Kate's life behind palace doors: Royals open up about watching Homeland with a curry, partying with rapper Tinie Tempah and texting radio DJs  They could be sisters! Melanie Griffith looks fabulous at 59 as she steps out in ripped denim with gorgeous daughter Stella, 20 Good genes Looking sharp! Scarlett Johansson suits up in polka dot blouse to interview director John Favreau for Tribeca Talks series She means business FIRST LOOK: New images from fifth season of House of Cards hint at a reinvigorated Frank Underwood Sneak peak Tucker Carlson takes charge: Fox News host selects Caitlyn Jenner for first interview as network superstar moves into Bill O'Reilly's primetime perch Kennedy Summers posts texts from Jeff Withey she claims show him admitting to abuse along with photo of a large bruise on her leg  Sent out Thursday night Cuba Gooding Jr returns to work with Jaden Smith the day after his soul singer father died of 'suspected overdose' Set of his new film Out of this world! Rob Lowe dons astronaut suit with white wig and facial hair for new gig as KFC's colonel He met the chicken pioneer as a child Charlotte McKinney oozes elegance in floor-length coat and sparkly stilettos as she climbs the Empire State Building to promote new film 'We'll take your f***ing house': Sherry Lansing threatened to bankrupt 'shaken' Mike Myers after learning Wayne's World 2 script was based on a 1949 film  Katherine Heigl's troubled career takes ANOTHER hit as Unforgettable projected to bomb at box office She plays demented divorcée Tessa Her majesty! Margot Robbie set to star as Queen Elizabeth opposite Saoirse Ronan in new Mary Queen of Scots movie New role Clowning around! Madonna shares silly selfies with twin daughters Stella and Esther Adopted twin girls from Malawi in February EXCLUSIVE: Kelly Osbourne reveals how a guy threw a Subway foot-long at her head calling her 'a fat b***h' and her horror at seeing her parents flatline  Mel B is using our divorce to alienate me from our daughters, claims her ex: Singer's estranged husband says armed cop could keep him in line on visits  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Pippa Middleton recruits Kate's celebrity crimper for her intimate wedding  Less than a month away Pretty in pattern! Dakota Johnson cuts a relaxed figure in colorful midi and mules for Santa Monica shopping trip with pup Zeppelin Looked summer ready PLATELL'S PEOPLE: Kate risks ridicule by playing the victim as she bares her soul on being lonely as a new mother 'You do feel isolated,' she admitted How will Kate counter Markle's sparkle? They're both beauties but Meghan has copied the Duchess's curls with a cooler twist  Are they really so alike? Twinkle, twinkle! Lena Dunham dazzles in silver mini-dress at Variety's  Power Of Women luncheon in New York City Showed unique style PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Hail that 'flu' diet! Kim Kardashian swaps Virgin Mary look for racy underwear on the sidewalk after losing 6lbs 'I always wondered why you peed sitting down': Kris Jenner reflects on marriage in chat with Caitlyn... but talk of ex's final surgery turns awkward  Christina Ricci stuns in sheer number as Dianna Agron is elegant in pink coat for Chanel gala at Tribeca Film Festival in New York Pair looked perfect  She's got a spring in her step! Chelsea Clinton smiles as she models a floral frock while being honored at Variety's Power of Women luncheon Emily Ratajkowski plays the girl next door in cute blue gingham dress on rare outing with boyfriend Jeff Magid Covered up Liv Tyler discovers a biracial relative and a Civil War ancestor as she appears with Aerosmith rocker dad Steven on Who Do You Think You Are? Revealed: Miley Cyrus 'has secret role' in Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol 2 It's one of the most eagerly anticipated movies of the year Pretty Little Liars' Shay Mitchell takes fans inside 'overwhelming' Coachella experience, complete with glam squad, lavish mansion and lots of VIP parties Aaron Hernandez 'murdered Odin Lloyd to keep his bisexuality a secret after the victim teased him about being a "schmoocher"' Died on Wednesday Today's headlines Most Read Henry Winkler and Ron Howard lead tributes to their Happy Days co-star Erin Moran after actress who played... Tragic last photos of 14-year-old who went missing with his grandmother while hiking in the Grand Canyon are... Facelift at Fox: How James and Lachlan Murdoch fired Ailes and O'Reilly and are now set to battle for... North Korea arrests US citizen at Pyongyang Airport after he had been in the country for a month to discuss... Seasoned Ironman triathlon competitor, 54, dies after going underwater during the swimming portion of the... Two people are arrested after Milwaukee boy, four, dies of a suspected opioid overdose Trump is greeted by fans at his Washington hotel as he dines with Melania, Ivanka and Treasury Secretary... North Korea WILL launch a nuclear strike if Trump attacks, warns foreign ministry spokesman who promises... FBI Director James Comey 'distrusted former Attorney General Loretta Lynch because she tried to play down... President Trump and Melania insist on personally awarding Purple Heart to Afghanistan veteran after being... Koala-ity time with the family! U.S. Vice President Mike Pence cuddles up to native Aussie animals at... Hillary Clinton makes surprise appearance at Tribeca Film Festival as panelist for new Kathryn Bigelow movie... Revenge of the nerds: Scientists outdo one another across the country with hilarious signs for the March for... 'You're out of your element, Donald': Scientists march against Trump's budget cuts and 'growing... 'Economic growth enhances environmental protection. Jobs matter!’ Trump fails to mention climate change in... EXCLUSIVE: Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump return from their morning run in the rain near their home in... Rupert Murdoch phones Trump every week to talk strategy and console Spicer after Holocaust gaffe Carter Page denies Russia used him to infiltrate the Trump campaign as it's revealed the president's lawyer... Trump will mark his 100th day in office with a 'BIG' rally in Pennsylvania that also clashes with the White... Trump releases bizarre patriotic video celebrating American charity worker freed from Egyptian jail EXCLUSIVE: Mel B and her nanny were lovers, had sex 'multiple times a week' - and it was former Spice Girl... Mel B steps out for lunch with daughters Madison and Phoenix...as former nanny claims in bombshell lawsuit... 'She was one of their targets': Rita Ora 'declined Mel B and Stephen Belafonte when they asked her to... 'You are an inspiration to children and for that you should be proud!' Atlanta Falcons wide receiver Mohamed... More people tend to kill themselves during allergy season in the spring and early summer Smuggler is caught with six vials of human semen he was trying to sneak into Laos to be used by surrogate... EXCLUSIVE: Teacher on the run with his student, 15, spent 10 days at clothing-optional Californian commune... Taliban insurgents disguised in army uniforms kill up to 140 Afghan soldiers at a military base  Deputy shoots suspect during confrontation on Florida interstate early Saturday morning MORE HEADLINES Henry Winkler and Ron Howard lead tributes to their Happy Days co-star Erin Moran after actress who played feisty teenager Joanie Cunningham dies aged 56 'of a suspected heroin overdose' EXCLUSIVE: Teacher on the run with his student, 15, spent 10 days at clothing-optional Californian commune pretending to be married John, 44, and Joanna, 24, having sex on filthy mattress - but quit because of 'Christian beliefs' before arrest Bone cancer victim, 20, lies in the dress and make-up she selected for her COFFIN after making her last wish to ‘die beautiful’  Dramatic footage captures a deadly firefight between American mercenaries and Somali pirates as they try to hijack a cargo ship President Trump and Melania insist on personally awarding Purple Heart to Afghanistan veteran after being 'so moved' by his bravery as they visit military hospital North Korea could destroy the world with just THREE bombs warns, Kim Jong-un’s ‘Ambassador to the West’  EXCLUSIVE: Mel B and her nanny were lovers, had sex 'multiple times a week' - and it was former Spice Girl and NOT her husband who pressured the teen into making threesome sex tapes, bombshell lawsuit claims 'It the four things I hate all in one sentence': Anthony Bourdain doesn't hold back on his opinion of Starbucks new Unicorn Frappuccino Tragic last photos of 14-year-old who went missing with his grandmother while hiking in the Grand Canyon are discovered after search crews found his GoPro attached to his backpack Auctioneers expect a rousing reaction as a rare, Victorian sex toy made for a wealthy wife as a gift from her loving husband goes up for sale Stevie Wonder leads the droves of A-list guests arriving for lavish £200,000 wedding of Rory McIlroy and Erica Stoll (but complains that Ireland is a 'bit cold') EXCLUSIVE: Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump return from their morning run in the rain near their home in Washington DC How the emotional outpourings of the two 'self-absorbed' young Princes over the death of Diana have left the father who brought them up on his own ‘perplexed’ – as he’s ‘airbrushed out of the narrative’  Teenage male model who appeared in advert with Naomi Campbell is found dead just days before he was due to climb Mount Everest  Enormous Russian parachute bomb destroys Syrian village leaving frightened children covered in blood and debris EXCLUSIVE: Laurence Fishburne's daughter Montana 'ranted about Donald Trump, her porn career and Michael Jackson, and made sexually explicit comments to cops while being arrested for DUI' police report claims North Korea WILL launch a nuclear strike if Trump attacks, warns foreign ministry spokesman who promises 'death-defying' victory against the American 'Imperialists' North Korea threatens nuclear war with Australia saying the country is 'within range' of Kim Jong-un's missile arsenal and warning Malcolm Turnbull not to cosy up to Trump's U.S.  Horrifying moment cheetah mauls a terrified Chinese tourist visiting a South African big cat reserve Aaron Hernandez's casket arrives at his Connecticut home as his family prepares for a quiet funeral service  Passengers flee in panic as knife-wielding man is tackled by police at Paris' Gare du Nord Eurostar terminal just days after terror attack rocked France  'You're out of your element, Donald': Scientists march against Trump's budget cuts and 'growing anti-research sentiment' - with support from celebs including Rosario Dawson, Kate Walsh and Bill Nye Ferry smashes into a port wall on Gran Canaria leaving five people injured after a power cut lasting just two minutes causes engine failure  Actor Chris Pratt backtracks after social media uproar following his assertion that Hollywood doesn't represent 'blue-collar' Americans  'You shoot and you hope it's bigger than what's in the frame': Striking images from famed photojournalist Eddie Adams's new book Harry styles it just like Jagger: Same clothes, same pout and even the same taste in women.... no wonder Mick's fed up with his One Direction mini-me  'I used to be scared to fly because I thought the plane would crash. The good ole days': Twitter explodes after American Airlines flight attendant 'whacks a mother in the head with a metal stroller' Unrepentant Ilie Nastase says his  'joke' that Serena Williams' baby would be 'chocolate with milk' was lost in translation as he is escorted off court for calling British tennis player a 'f**king b***h' - reducing her to tears MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main navigation Top Navigation SECTIONS News Arts Life Sports Opinion Obituaries Events Galleries Classified CapRegion Cars CapRegion Homes CapRegion Jobs Classified Place a Classified Ad Rentals Login Subscribe Home News Local State National/World Business Education Arts Theater & Dance Music Movies Books Galleries & Museums Life Food Health History Home Restaurants Sports Local High School College National Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Blogs & Columns Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Blogs & Columns Obituaries Events Galleries Classified Hide Advanced Search Narrow your search News Arts Life Sports Opinion All Date Range FROM TO   Subscriber login Enter your email address. Enter the password that accompanies your email address. Forgot Password? Leave this field blank Sunday, April 23, 2017 Life What you need to know for 04/23/2017 Gershon's greatest hits: 10 super sandwiches1:00 AMUnion students promote fly fishing1:00 AM'A shortage of coffins' after Taliban slaughter unarmed soldiers5:40 PMA teenage girl was 'brainwashed' before she was abducted by her teacher, her father says5:27 PMSurgeon general is removed by Trump administration, replaced by deputy for now12:30 PM Union students promote fly fishing Union students promote fly fishing Club takes students to Adirondacks Indiana Nash | April 23, 2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE PIN EMAIL Members of the fly fishing club at Union College. Photographer: photo provided SCHENECTADY -- Fly Fishing is facing an aging issue, but a few students at Union College are trying to fix that.  With the Fly Fishing Club, two experienced fly fishermen and Union students, James Molloy and Jake Murray, are working to get the rest of campus to try out the sport.  For those who aren’t familiar, fly fishing is an angling method of fishing which uses a specially weighted line with a lightweight lure, or “fly.”  However, less than 25 percent of fly fishers in the United States are under 24 years of age, according to a study conducted by the Outdoor Foundation and the Recreational Boating and Fishing Foundation.  The majority of fly fishers are over 45 years of age. But Murray and Molloy are working to balance out those numbers.  Most students coming to the Union campus haven’t tried fly fishing or have only done it once.  “It’s a cross between a sport, a hobby and an art,” Murray said. While Molloy doesn’t count it as a sport, he said it’s the perfect way to get the next generation outdoors and interested in the environment. “It’s a way to turn the heads of kids who wouldn’t normally ….” said Molloy.  He founded the club in 2014 with a former classmate. Although attendance was low at first, they drummed up interest, and on fishing trips the college van is always full.  The club takes anywhere from 10 to 20 students to various fishing spots across the Adirondacks several times a year.  “The learning curve is pretty steep,” Murray said. And when there are only a few teachers in the group, the learning curve only gets steeper. Depending on the size of the group, the club will hire an outfitter (or a fly fishing expert) to come along and help teach students.  According to Molloy, that’s one of the only costs to students.  “We spent most of our money at first on buying gear to equip those who aren’t equipped. . . we try to supply everything anyone would need,” Molloy said. Get licensed Everyone in the club has to get their fishing license before they can go on the trips.  According to Murray, these are relatively easy to get. Students can go online to apply or even get them from Wal-Mart or from the Schenectady’s City offices.  “ . . . fly fishing, in a lot of ways, takes an elitist outlook on fishing,” Murray said. Mostly because of the cost of equipment and the time it takes to learn the techniques.  But return on investment is high, according to Murray and Molloy. “The campus is like a two-hour radius of awesome things to do outside. Clubs like fly fishing . . . work to get people outside and realize the value of what we have in front of us. Just to get more people to turn their heads and make efforts to help keep what we’ve got,” Molloy said.  The club also works with Trout Unlimited Costa Five Rivers program, which seeks to help increase the number of college-aged students who are interested and involved in fly fishing.  The program works to connect various college clubs and to provide students with deals on high-cost equipment.  As the season starts to warm up, fishing conditions become ideal and it’s one of the best times of the year to get students on the water. The fish are more active and easier to catch.  “With the warmer water, the fish will also be looking up to the surface for bugs. You can just line people up and catch fish,” Molloy said. That can be encouraging for anyone trying it out for the first time. It also becomes an opportunity for students to learn more about how to read the water’s ecosystem and study the environment in a way they may not have done before. “It’s hard for me to sort out what I’ve learned in the classroom from what I’ve learned from fishing,” said Molloy, who is a geology major.  The next step for the club is to get into conservation work on top of their fishing trips.  “People are willing to go out and fish but we want to target conservation too,” Murray said.  When he takes over next year, that’s one aspect of the club he hopes to bolster.  Interested in fly fishing? Here are a few places in the Capital Region that offer lessons and guidance:  Adirondack Fly Fishing School Call: 518-428-2803  Email: info@AdrondackFlyFishingSchool.com Website: Click here Capital District Fly Fishers (An Affiliate Club of the International Federation of Fly Fishers) Website: Click here L.L. Bean at Colonie Center about their fly fishing courses:  Call: (888) 552-5519  Website: Click here View Comments Hide Comments Related Content Union students, faculty joining March for Science Union students, faculty rally for ‘dignity and respect’ for immigrants Union College science center financing approved SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE PIN EMAIL Premium Content Gershon's greatest hits: 10 super sandwiches 1:00 AM Steaks, sides, setting sparkle at Salt & Char 1:00 AM Let’s start getting the lead out of ammo 1:00 AM Devils have left the building (maybe) 11:41 PM Stay up-to-date with the Daily Gazette's PM Edition The latest news delivered directly to your inbox every day at 2 p.m. Email Address Most read in Life Neil deGrasse Tyson making Proctors appearance Study links diet soda to higher risk of stroke, dementia How to decipher financial aid offers from colleges Ideas on how to celebrate 25th wedding anniversary Starbucks' Unicorn Frappuccino tastes like sour birthday cake and shame The locally owned voice of the capital region Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Plus Pintrest RSS The Daily Gazette Co. 2345 Maxon Rd Ext. PO Box 1090 Schenectady, NY 12301 Get Directions (518) 374-4141 © 2017 The Daily Gazette Privacy Policy Terms of Service Learn more about the Daily Gazette Advertise with the Daily Gazette Services Contact Us Activate Online Access Missed Delivery Vacation Stop FAQ Advertise Careers Place a classified ad E-Edition Subscribe Quick Links Ask a Doc Fun & Games Area Legislators Places of Worship Closings Weather TV Listings All Blogs & Columns Submit a Letter Buy Photos Other Publications & Events 50+ Living Expo Your Niskayuna Your Clifton Park CapRegion Pets Footer menu © 2017 The Daily Gazette Privacy Policy Terms of Service You have 0 articles 1 articles 2 articles 3 articles 4 articles 5 articles 6 articles 7 articles remaining of Daily Gazette free premium content. You have reached your monthly premium content limit. Continue to enjoy Daily Gazette premium content by becoming a subscriber. Start here Already a subscriber? Log In
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. Politics   |  Subscribe   |  ADVERTISE WITH US Follow Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations WND EXCLUSIVE Fox superstar Tucker Carlson can't stop raving about eye-opening book 'You'll think twice before sending your children off to school' Published: 5 hours ago Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Fox News host Tucker Carlson It’s the book Fox News’ Tucker Carlson can’t stop raving about, and now you can get “No Campus for White Men: The Transformation of Higher Education Into Hateful Indoctrination” for $4.95 today. Carlson praised “No Campus For White Men: The Transformation of Higher Education Into Hateful Indoctrination,” saying, “Something’s wrong on college campuses. Most of us are dimly aware of that. In this bracing and sometimes horrifying book, Scott Greer pulls off the bandage to reveal the suppurating wound beneath. Higher education is rotting in this country. After reading Greer’s account, you’ll think twice before sending your children off to school.” “No Campus For White Men: The Transformation of Higher Education Into Hateful Indoctrination” promises to be the most talked about book of 2017, and today only you can get it for $4.95! White supremacy runs rampant in the Trump White House, cries the left. Trump chief strategist Steve Bannon is a white supremacist, according to Nancy Pelosi and many others. Bannon and Stephen Miller are closely associated with white nationalists, they say. And Trump supporters are “Nazis” who deserve to get beaten up. The left has become fond of hurling labels such as “Nazi,” “neo-Nazi,” “white nationalist” and “white supremacist” at Donald Trump, his staff and his supporters. Scott Greer, a deputy editor at the Daily Caller and keen observer of identity politics, said the left uses these terms to dehumanize ideological opponents. “If you say that they’re Nazis, you don’t just say, ‘I disagree with their point of view,’ you turn them into these menacing dangers, these total monsters that don’t deserve free speech, they don’t deserve the rights to protection from the law,” Greer told Dr. Tom Woods during a recent appearance on “The Tom Woods Show.” “You can punch them. You need to assault them. You need to riot when they speak.” Conservative provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos felt the sting of left-wing hysteria in February when students at the University of California, Berkeley rioted, apparently with the blessing of left-wing faculty members, and forced the cancellation of one of his speaking engagements. Greer pointed out that it becomes easier for leftists to justify the suppression of speech when they vilify and dehumanize those on the other side of the aisle. “If you just say, ‘I don’t like this person because he’s a conservative,’ well, that’s not that good of an argument,” Greer said. “That’s boring. They don’t want to say it. [Using dehumanizing labels] spices it up; it’s like, ‘This person is a Nazi.’ It’s almost kind of a marketing tactic to say this person has a horrific ideology rather than just saying, ‘Oh well, he’s a conservative who just believes in immigration restriction.’ Yawn. They’re not going to pay attention to that. They just have to put it in these more hysterical terms.” Violent protests ahead of a planned appearance at the University of California, Berkeley, by Milo Yiannopoulos Not only do leftist protesters pin menacing labels on conservatives, according to Greer, but some claim their physical security is threatened by having a speaker like Yiannopoulos on campus. That, too, makes for a better argument than saying they disagree with the speaker’s ideas. Greer suggests it would be best if university administrators laughed off such manic pronouncements, but too many administrators take those fears seriously and use them as justification to shut down conservative speakers on campus. And, of course, fears of physical violence give the leftists an excuse to threaten the physical safety of speakers like Yiannopoulos. “They use this argument, and there’s a lot of moral legitimacy – they get moral legitimacy by just claiming he’s threatening their physical security, and unfortunately this is how they’re going to justify riots and further violence,” Greer said. Greer explores the increasingly toxic racial climate on many American college campuses in his new book “No Campus for White Men: The Transformation of Higher Education into Hateful Indoctrination.” On Woods’ show, he noted there is a double standard when it comes to racial identity on college campuses. “When you get onto a college campus, if you’re part of a protected class or a minority group, you’re allowed to have this strong identity that’s the core part of your being, whether you’re transsexual, African-American, Hispanic, that becomes the core part of your identity on a college campus,” Greer pointed out. Political correctness is just the beginning. The situation on college campuses is worse than you could ever imagine – and America’s future is at stake. Don’t miss the political blockbuster of 2017 – “No Campus for White Men” by Scott Greer. He said that mentality arises from the admissions process, which is often filled with affirmative-action for non-whites. “If you get into college on the basis of your race or sexual orientation, that shows you that there’s a benefit to playing up your identity, to [using] that as your core being. And if you’re getting benefits from that at the start of college, why not carry it on for the rest of your four years?” So that’s what many students do, according to Greer, and they are taking it to ridiculous lengths. As Greer discusses in his book, black students at many campuses are now demanding segregated housing, which would bring back shades of Jim Crow. Plenty of schools are also replacing Western civilization courses with identity-based “studies” classes, such as African-American studies or Hispanic studies. “[Colleges] have all these different studies that encourage these minority groups to have incredible pride in their being a minority and see their whole world this way, and it pits them… in opposition to ‘whiteness’ and Western civilization,” Greer explained. “That’s why they’re getting rid of the Western civilization and Western culture introductory courses, because they don’t want to teach so-called white supremacy to students, and it’s becoming a very troubling form of tribalism.” Host Tom Woods said he can’t stand the “emotional hypochondria” whereby minority students believe American society is full of “systemic oppression.” “I just find this laughable that you could think in this society there’s systemic oppression of you if you are any type of minority,” said Woods, author of “The Politically Incorrect Guide to American History.” “Think of it this way: When you go to apply to college, which group would you want to belong to? Would you want to be white? You want to check off that ‘white’ box on the application? Who in his right mind wants to check off the ‘white’ box? So where’s the so-called privilege? Save $21, get “No Campus For White Men: The Transformation of Higher Education Into Hateful Indoctrination,” for only $4.95! We’ve been listening to you! And your message is clear. More and more of our 8 million monthly visitors to WND have been telling us the same thing. “We love WND,” they say. “But can I pay to get your content without being bombarded by advertising and putting up with loads times on audio and video spots?” We have answered the call: WND Weekly. The product is called WND Weekly – and, that’s right, it contains no ads, just a very reasonable annual subscription cost. Each week, all the original content from WND.com is collected, repackaged with spectacular designs and beautifully illustrated, and delivered to your computer, tablet or phone for you to read, browse, check out, examine, inspect, peruse, pore over, scan, search, skim, study AND KEEP FOREVER … absolutely ad-free! Print it, save it or share it. And each weekly issue costs less than a song on iTunes, a new razor from a monthly shave club, five 4×6 photo prints at Walmart, an ATM fee, a souvenir penny, a cheap beer, a junior cheeseburger deluxe at Wendy’s, a slice of pizza in New York City or even a house in Detroit. (Seriously! Google it!) Whether you’re taking a Sunday drive, planning a Sunday brunch, or wearing your Sunday best, start your favorite day with a cuppa coffee and a no-nonsense, matter-of-fact, down-to-earth, nitty-gritty, nuts-and-bolts, brass-tacks, meat-and-potatoes issue of WND Weekly Of course, when news is breaking big time – like by the minute – we still hope those who take us up on this offer will come back to WND.com to catch up. Actually, it’s not a new product. We’ve been doing it for years. But we’ve dramatically lowered the subscription cost on this weekly digital magazine delivered to your inbox to make it more affordable for everyone. We also welcome you to sample one issue FREE of all cost or obligation because we know you will love this easy, convenient, efficient way to read our news and commentary at your leisure. In an age of “fake news” being presented as fact, WND.com strives to be the best source of powerful, truthful investigative journalism you’ve come to expect from the No. 1, original pioneering independent news agency dedicated to draining the swamp of Washington, D.C., since we started publishing back in 1997. A simple-to-access and easy way to digest the news, WND Weekly is a platform for a download of the week’s worth of content when you want it and as often as you want it. Instead of constantly refreshing WND.com to see what’s the newest, breaking story, WND Weekly allows you see a beautiful presentation of the week’s hottest stories in a diligently packaged and fully illustrated manner so you can catch up on all the news in one visual production. And, did we forget to tell you, it’s ad-free? NOTE: For this offer, your credit card will be charged only for the price of the items you have ordered and your free WND Weekly trial will begin. Also included with your merchandise will be your renewal notice for a one-year WND Weekly subscription. NOTE: If you want to renew, do nothing, and your credit card will be debited for the low annual renewal rate of $29.99. At any time during the year, you can cancel your new subscription for a full refund on the unused portion. To keep WND Weekly coming in future years, do nothing and we’ll renew your subscription automatically at the low prevailing rate by charging your credit or debit card. You may cancel by calling 1-800-4WNDCOM (800-496-3266) or by emailing canceltrial-WB@wnd.com. This offer is valid for credit-card purchases and does not apply to purchasers of WND Weekly subscriptions in the previous 365 days as the offer’s intent is to introduce non-subscribers to the digital magazine. Order your copy of “No Campus For White Men: The Transformation of Higher Education Into Hateful Indoctrination” for only $4.95. This offer expires tonight at 10 p.m. Pacific, so order now. Click here for reuse options! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Follow WND On Facebook: Twitter:Follow @worldnetdaily Contribute Contact Us Send a Link Send Corrections Send a Tip Send Photos/Videos Send comments Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. WND Exclusive Commentary BETWEEN THE LINES Joseph Farah My recollections of the late, great Bill O'Reilly Real America Patrice Lewis Want to live 'green'? Grow some watermelons MAKING POLITICS PERSONAL Carl Jackson When our heroes go bad CORRUPTION NATION Larry Klayman Did Extortion 17 cover-up sink Rep. Chaffetz? THE OLIGARCHS Craige McMillan Assange & WikiLeaks: The deep state strikes back More Commentary » Deal of the Day Trevor Loudon exposes 'The Enemies Within' Stunning new film documents how a few thousand communists, socialists and 'progressives' control the lives of over 300 million Americans Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2017. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
Skip to main navigation Top Navigation SECTIONS News Arts Life Sports Opinion Obituaries Events Galleries Classified CapRegion Cars CapRegion Homes CapRegion Jobs Classified Place a Classified Ad Rentals Login Subscribe Home News Local State National/World Business Education Arts Theater & Dance Music Movies Books Galleries & Museums Life Food Health History Home Restaurants Sports Local High School College National Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Blogs & Columns Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Blogs & Columns Obituaries Events Galleries Classified Hide Advanced Search Narrow your search News Arts Life Sports Opinion All Date Range FROM TO   Subscriber login Enter your email address. Enter the password that accompanies your email address. Forgot Password? Leave this field blank Sunday, April 23, 2017 News What you need to know for 04/23/2017 Gershon's greatest hits: 10 super sandwiches1:00 AMUnion students promote fly fishing1:00 AM'A shortage of coffins' after Taliban slaughter unarmed soldiers5:40 PMA teenage girl was 'brainwashed' before she was abducted by her teacher, her father says5:27 PMSurgeon general is removed by Trump administration, replaced by deputy for now12:30 PM Solutions devised in Schenectady's food deserts Solutions devised in Schenectady's food deserts Several Schenectady neighborhoods identified as food deserts John Cropley | April 22, 2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE PIN EMAIL Schenectady Inner City Ministry workers hand out free meals on Eastern Avenue Thursday, July 7, 2016 Photographer: PETER R. BARBER/GAZETTE PHOTOGRAPHER Spring has finally sprung -- maybe -- and with it the promise of fresh local fruit and vegetables -- for some. Food deserts throughout Schenectady are as barren as ever. But a coordinated effort to change that has wrapped up its study phase and has begun its solutions phase. Schenectady County has published its Healthy And Equitable Food Action Plan, the result of a multiyear effort to measure and assess the problem of poor nutrition in and around the city. The effort focused on food deserts -- neighborhoods whose residents don’t have access to fresh and/or healthy food because they can’t afford it or because they don’t have easy transportation to places where it is sold. Entities ranging from the U.S. Department of Agriculture to the New York state health commissioner and county health officials to neighborhood activists have identified several Schenectady neighborhoods as food deserts: The Northside, Downtown, Bellevue, Hamilton Hill and Vale. It has been noted that “food desert” is a bit of a misnomer. “Food swamp” or “nutrition desert” might be more accurate; there’s plenty of food and drink for sale in food deserts, it's just not healthy fare, such as fresh fruits, vegetables and whole grains. Instead, foods heavy in salt, sugar and saturated fat are sold in abundance and at full price. Higher-than-average rates of obesity, heart disease and diabetes also are common in such areas. Schenectady County spokesman Joe McQueen said the study phase is complete. The focus now is on solutions. Community leaders, residents explain life in a food desert There is not yet a list of specific plans, like organizing a food co-op or starting a shuttle bus for shoppers or tweaking nutritional benefits programs. But a couple of measures for which there was a glaring need were implemented even before the study phase was complete, McQueen said: Bethesda House opened a new food pantry in October in the city’s worst food desert, the Northside. And the county Public Health Services in November launched Food4Schdy, a mobile phone app that points users toward the nearest food pantries, meal programs or retailers accepting SNAP benefits. Other remedies are in the works. POSSIBLE SOLUTIONS Many strategies have been employed to eliminate food deserts or counter their effects nationwide: Earlier this month, an eight-year effort by community activists culminated in the opening of a new Price Rite in Syracuse, with $2.4 million in public grants and tax breaks defraying the $5 million cost. New York City runs its Green Cart program, under which individuals buy carts, obtain permits and peddle fresh produce in selected neighborhoods; the Bronx is specifically targeted, as it is the city’s poorest and most obese borough. A mobile food market was created by refitting a municipal transit bus in Halifax last summer. The test was modeled on similar programs in Ottawa and Toronto; it worked so well in Halifax's food deserts that a cold-weather pilot project was undertaken over the winter. Pop-up farmers markets are regularly set up at busy mass transit stops in Dayton, Ohio; Tampa, Florida; and Atlanta, Georgia. A new community co-op recently opened in Greensboro, North Carolina, and one is being created in Minneapolis, Minnesota. A Los Angeles project puts hard-to-employ people to work diverting edible food from the waste stream and creating meals for the needy. A public-private partnership in California offers loans and grants to grocers who build or expand in underserved areas. Community vegetable gardens continue to proliferate nationwide, anywhere there’s good soil and someone willing to organize and run a program. THE PROBLEM Fixing food deserts -- even quantifying them -- is complicated. The Schenectady County Healthy And Equitable Food Action Plan was created by large working groups over the course of years using thousands of data points and survey questions. There are multiple root causes of poor nutrition, within food deserts and elsewhere, including the fact that healthy food is more expensive than unhealthy food, or is perceived to be; shoppers’ difficulty getting to a store with a good selection of fresh produce; ignorance of what constitutes good nutrition; and ignorance of the consequences of poor nutrition. Rachel Curtis, Director of the Summer Lunch Program, on Friday, July 10, 2015. Photo by Perter R. Barber. State Health Commissioner Dr. Howard Zucker traveled to Schenectady earlier this month as part of National Public Health Week. After he honored the Schenectady Inner City Ministry for creating a model food pantry promoting healthy choices on its shelves, he pointed out the environment in which SICM operates. “Schenectady is in many ways a food desert,” he said. It’s hard to single out one cause for that, he added. “Money is always a challenge,” Zucker said. “Education as well.” The SICM pantry helps address both, he said, providing good food to people who can’t afford it and showing them how to do better for themselves and their families by way of diet. “I think that this helps to tackle this problem,” Zucker said. “If people are unaware of the risks of their behavior, they’re going to repeat it.” As the county seeks solutions, some steps are being taken at the state level: The state Council on Hunger and Food Policy, chaired by Agriculture and Markets Commissioner Richard Ball, is working to establish a permanent focus on fighting hunger in the state while improving nutrition and availability of fresh local food in food deserts. The state has expanded the eligibility requirements for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, providing an additional 750,000 families the opportunity to participate. The FreshConnect Checks program encourages SNAP participants to use their benefits to buy fresh fruits and vegetables at farmers markets with a $2 incentive for every $5 in SNAP benefits used in that way. The Farmers Market Nutrition Program provides greater food access for low-income New Yorkers by providing checks to redeem for produce at participating farmers markets and farm stands. The Farm to Foodbank tax credit, enacted with the 2017-2018 state budget, lets farmers write off 25 percent of their donations of fresh produce to food pantries.   THE RETAIL VIEW The Rev. Phil Grigsby, executive director of SICM, said the imbalance becomes obvious by looking at a map of the county: suburbs dotted with supermarkets surrounding a city nearly barren of them. “The whole area has too many grocery stores; it’s saturated,” he said. “But the city has only one full-service supermarket. Access to food is difficult.” He added: “What a lot of people do is, once a month, they hire a cab and go to Walmart.” This is inconvenient and, for people of limited means, terribly expensive. Food desert resident wants to turn bus into mobile market The one full-service supermarket Grigsby referred to is the Price Chopper on Eastern Avenue. (There is also an Aldi and a Price Rite on the southern edge of Schenectady.) Price Chopper spokeswoman Mona Golub said the company is committed to stores in urban areas -- it also has supermarkets in Albany, Cohoes, Glens Falls, Gloversville, Johnstown, Mechanicville, Saratoga Springs, Troy and Watervliet -- but the company can’t build one in every neighborhood of every city.  Building, staffing and operating a supermarket is an expensive proposition, and if the site isn’t chosen well, the store may be a money-loser. Addressing the other aspect of food deserts -- poor nutrition -- is easier, and it’s a task Price Chopper undertakes vigorously. For starters, as with other supermarket chains, the point of entry in many Price Chopper and Market 32 stores feeds right into a huge, well-stocked produce department. Anna Fulton Miles and SICM Community Garden gardener, Iva Gay, on July 20, 2016. Photo by Marc Shultz. Price Chopper/Market 32 also uses the NuVal system, which attaches a numerical rating to the nutritional value of food items. The higher the number, the better the food -- so it’s easy to swim through dozens of brands of cereal in the cereal aisle, for example, and spot which ones are the healthier choices. Also, Golub said there’s an ongoing effort to show shoppers how to turn healthy ingredients into good meals. “We are constantly putting together recipes that are not only easy to prepare with few ingredients ... they offer tips for creating healthy meals.” Schenectady’s Northside neighborhood may be short on fruit and vegetable shopping options, but it does have one of the best places in the region for carnivores to shop: Avon Market. Owner Marvin Cohen, semi-retired after six decades at the butcher shop, said Avon's large selection of meats keeps it going after 80 years. “We have everything. If you want a pig’s head, we can get it,” he said. The range of selection also means the bulk of his customers are driving from a distance for something specific, rather than walking down Van Vranken Avenue to fulfill everyday needs. But those who do walk in find things they can afford. “I guess that’s why we’re still here; we’re priced reasonable,” Cohen said. Avon is a small specialty market with a specialty niche. Small, general goods stores that sell everything from soup to nuts have a harder time competing with the lower prices and wider selection of a supermarket chain.  That, Cohen said, is at least part of the reason there aren’t any small grocery markets left in many neighborhoods.   WHAT IS A FOOD DESERT? The U.S. Department of Agriculture defines food deserts as lower-income areas where there is no supermarket or other large grocery retailer nearby. “Nearby” can be one-half or one mile in urban areas, depending on the calculation being used, and it can be 10 or 20 miles in rural areas. In Schenectady, the one-mile calculation identifies the Northside and Downtown neighborhoods as food deserts. The half-mile calculation adds the Bellevue, Hamilton Hill and Vale neighborhoods.   SUGGESTED REMEDIES The following potential steps to shrink food deserts and reduce poor nutrition were listed in the Schenectady County Healthy and Equitable Food Action Plan: Incentivize healthier food choices by consumers. Urge retailers to increase signage promoting healthier food choices. Urge retailers to put less-healthy food and beverages in less-trafficked areas of stores. Engage people to make healthy choices where they work, play, worship and learn. Organize neighborhood-based activities to engage families. Ask libraries to sponsor food literacy events. Explore options for sharing vehicles, using volunteers, etc. to develop low-cost transportation alternatives. Advocate with neighborhood-based markets, drug stores, etc. to increase their inventory of healthier food options. Expand access to fresh produce through programs like Capital Roots’ Veggie Mobile and Virtual Veggie Mobile. Establish satellite or mobile food pantries in underserved neighborhoods. Coordinate food pantry schedules to increase availability during evenings and weekends. Co-locate food assistance services with medical and social services. Increase coordination between pantries and fresh food sources. Educate farmers and retailers about the benefits of donating food and engaging in initiatives that increase access to healthier food. Explore the potential for using Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program benefits to cover the cost of transportation to markets and for home delivery services.   FOOD PANTRY FACTOID Schenectady County Public Health Services, with assistance from Cornell Cooperative Extension, surveyed 305 clients at five Schenectady food pantries in 2015. It found: 74 percent were obese, based on their body mass index;  68 percent had one or more chronic conditions, such as diabetes, high cholesterol or hypertension;  61 percent to 75 percent needed low-sodium or low-fat or low-sugar foods to address their health conditions.     View Comments Hide Comments Related Content Studying the problem, looking for solutions Food desert resident wants to turn bus into mobile market Community leaders, residents explain life in a food desert Literacy conversation focuses on birth to third grade plan Schenectady building owner speaks to planning board hours after arrest SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE PIN EMAIL Premium Content Gershon's greatest hits: 10 super sandwiches 1:00 AM Steaks, sides, setting sparkle at Salt & Char 1:00 AM Let’s start getting the lead out of ammo 1:00 AM Devils have left the building (maybe) 11:41 PM Stay up-to-date with the Daily Gazette's PM Edition The latest news delivered directly to your inbox every day at 2 p.m. Email Address Most read in News Aldi's plan being reviewed in Glenville Drug investigation results in arrests, gun and drug seizures Glenville starts Yates mansion work Pathologist: 8-year-old Charlotte died 'almost immediately' Memories of Chuck Steiner The locally owned voice of the capital region Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Plus Pintrest RSS The Daily Gazette Co. 2345 Maxon Rd Ext. PO Box 1090 Schenectady, NY 12301 Get Directions (518) 374-4141 © 2017 The Daily Gazette Privacy Policy Terms of Service Learn more about the Daily Gazette Advertise with the Daily Gazette Services Contact Us Activate Online Access Missed Delivery Vacation Stop FAQ Advertise Careers Place a classified ad E-Edition Subscribe Quick Links Ask a Doc Fun & Games Area Legislators Places of Worship Closings Weather TV Listings All Blogs & Columns Submit a Letter Buy Photos Other Publications & Events 50+ Living Expo Your Niskayuna Your Clifton Park CapRegion Pets Footer menu © 2017 The Daily Gazette Privacy Policy Terms of Service You have 0 articles 1 articles 2 articles 3 articles 4 articles 5 articles 6 articles 7 articles remaining of Daily Gazette free premium content. You have reached your monthly premium content limit. Continue to enjoy Daily Gazette premium content by becoming a subscriber. Start here Already a subscriber? Log In
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live earthtv wishes you a happy Earth Day! RADAR: Strong Storms Moving Through Southern US Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbor Bald eagle and family in Fort Myers, FL Live look at the beach surf from Jacksonville Pier Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass from the Bass Rocks Ocean Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch A look inside the cabin where missing Tennessee teen was found More The national manhunt comes to an end with ex-teacher Tad Cummins in FBI custody. 1:59 | 04/22/17 ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Now Playing: {{currentVideo.title}} Resume Playing Video More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Play Video Comments Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for A look inside the cabin where missing Tennessee teen was found Next, we're learning more about the hiding place a teacher from Tennessee is accused of taking his former student while on the run. Take a look, a glimpse inside that secluded California cabin. ABC's Eva pilgrim with that. Reporter: Tonight, the family of the missing Tennessee teen, speaking for the first time since being reunited. We're all excited. It's like just pure joy. Reporter: 50-year-old tad Cummins in FBI custody and facing federal charges after allegedly kidnapping Elizabeth Thomas and going on the run for over a month. What is she like right now? Well, right now, she's -- I mean, in ways she's like herself. But in ways she's not. And that's kind of distressing to see her like that. It's troubling. Reporter: This as we are getting a look inside the remote California cabin where Elizabeth was finally found. The food I gave them. Reporter: Inside, plywood walls, leftover food sitting on bare floors, along with survival gear, toilet paper and very little else. No electricity or running water. The search warrant papers. Reporter: These documents left behind by investigators, listing some of the items seized as evidence -- bed rolls, socks, beer cans. The nationwide search began when they disappeared March 13 from Columbia, Tennessee. Two days later, video captured will them at a Walmart in Oklahoma City. They stayed at a commune. Officials caught up to that pair in the cabin. Where the caretaker said he saw an amber alert post and called authorities. Surrounded Cummins surrendered without incident. He's expected in federal court on Monday. He's facing a long list of state and federal charges. Taking a child across state lines alone could carry a ten-year sentence. Tom. Eva pilgrim for us tonight. Eva, thank you. This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Inside the isolated cabin where Elizabeth Thomas and Tad Cummins were found The tiny cabin where authorities found former Tennessee teacher Tad Cummins and his 15-year-old student, Elizabeth Thomas, is nestled in the woods in a remote, mountainous area of inland, northernmost California near the Oregon border. Missing Tenn. student Elizabeth Thomas found, former teacher Tad Cummins arrested in California Former Tennessee teacher Tad Cummins, who is accused of kidnapping his 15-year-old student, has been arrested in northern California after more than a month on the run, according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. Now Playing: Inside the isolated cabin where Elizabeth Thomas and Tad Cummins were found Now Playing: Missing Tenn. student Elizabeth Thomas found, former teacher Tad Cummins arrested in California Now Playing: Man describes how he identified missing Tenn. teacher and student Now Playing: A look inside the cabin where missing Tennessee teen was found Now Playing: Brush fires lead to a state of emergency in Florida Now Playing: Thousands march around the world expressing support for science Now Playing: A dramatic rescue after a car goes into a creek in Oklahoma Now Playing: Surveillance cameras capture a jewelry store owner fighting back against robbers Now Playing: Three boys refuse a bribe, help cops stop a serial burglar Now Playing: March for Science held Saturday in New York and elsewhere Now Playing: Wildfire forces evacuation of at least 800 homes in central Florida Now Playing: Celebrating Earth Day Now Playing: American Airlines confrontation caught on camera Now Playing: Rescued Tennessee teenager Elizabeth Thomas rests at home with her family Now Playing: Balancing need for questioning and healing in first days after kidnapped Tennessee teen found Now Playing: Police officer fights to get back on the force after tragic accident Now Playing: Obsession with beauty and how it can become a sickness Now Playing: American Airlines flight crew and passengers clash over stroller Now Playing: A Transgender Surgical Journey Now Playing: ABC News visits cabin where alleged abductor Tad Cummins was arrested Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":46961041,"title":"A look inside the cabin where missing Tennessee teen was found","duration":"1:59","description":"The national manhunt comes to an end with ex-teacher Tad Cummins in FBI custody.","url":"/WNT/video/inside-cabin-missing-tennessee-teen-found-46961041","section":"WNT","mediaType":"default"} Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. APP Frontpage   |  Subscribe   |  ADVERTISE WITH US Follow Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations WND EXCLUSIVE Terror analyst: America under attack by 'enemies within' Expert says forces dedicated to destruction of U.S. have penetrated national security bureaucracy Published: 7 hours ago Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print There is a master plan to create a permanent liberal majority by flooding America with millions of voters hostile to conservatism, according to a blockbuster new documentary. “The Enemies Within” also contends forces dedicated to the destruction of this country have even penetrated the national security bureaucracy, endangering all Americans and the entire system of constitutional government. Key to this case is the testimony of Philip Haney, a founding member of the Department of Homeland Security and a counter-terrorism analyst who was widely praised and commended by his superiors throughout his distinguished career. By accumulating vast amounts of data and examining the relationships between various extremist groups and their sources of funding, Haney had identified dozens of terrorists throughout the years, arguably preventing numerous attacks. However, in 2009, it was Haney himself who was targeted by his own government. He tells his story the book “See Something, Say Nothing,” but his story is also the most powerful part of “The Enemies Within.” And you can now get “The Enemies Within” for only $4.95, saving more than $15 off its normal price! He recounts in “The Enemies Within”: “I finished a case up, I put it in the system. There were 67 records related to the case, individuals and organizations. But then about two weeks after I put the case into the system, I went on vacation and received a call from my colleague. He said they had removed the records from the system. They didn’t just modify them; they completely obliterated them, took all of them out.” Haney argues this dramatic action had devastating consequences for the American people. The specific records the government deleted turned out to be directly relevant to terrorist attacks that were only months away. “Those are the records related to the network of mosques and organizations operating in the United States that is linked to the San Bernardino shooting and to the Orlando shooting,” he recalled. Indeed, Haney states in the video the federal government not only removed the records, but actually investigated him for simply doing his job. “They said essentially that I did not have the authority to put those records into the system, even though I had been commended by the National Targeting Center for finding 300 terrorists,” Haney says in the film. “So, essentially, the last three years of my career, I was under investigation by three different government agencies, all at the same time. They essentially determined that I was more of a threat than these terrorist groups.” Former Department of Homeland Security officer Philip Haney at Senate hearing June 28, 2016 (Screenshot Senate Judiciary Committee video). Shockingly, the distinguished counterterrorism expert says no one in the federal government ever denied his records were accurate or true. The facts, he claims, were beyond dispute. Instead, for no good reason he can identify, his work was eliminated and he was disgraced. In one of the most dramatic moments of the film, Haney describes his reaction as feeling “infuriated and stripped naked.” He describes the painful experience as a “public humiliation.” “To sequester me in a small room for the last 11 months of my career with no assigned duties and then have the audacity to say those were not adverse actions because ‘we’re just conducting an investigation,'” Haney remembers bitterly, “It’s cruel to do that to a person. It wasn’t a moral infraction. It wasn’t refusal to obey orders. It wasn’t some crime that I committed. It was simply doing the job that I took a vow to do and had been recognized and awarded for.” For that reason, Haney “emphatically” states in the documentary that the U.S. has enemies within its own government. Distinguished author and researcher Trevor Loudon describes the terrifying full extent of this hostile network operating within America’s own borders in “The Enemies Within,” which blows the lid off an alliance between radical Marxists and Islamic extremists that has penetrated the very highest levels of the federal government. As Haney explains in the film, the problem has gotten so bad, many of America’s politicians and policy makers wouldn’t be able to pass the kind of basic security checks required of even entry-level employees. “If you have overt ties to associations with known associations with terrorism, you cannot pass a background check,” Haney says in the film. He described Hillary Clinton as a “domestic threat” and detailed the deep connections between the former Democratic Party nominee and secretary of state with some of the most dangerous Islamic movements in the world. These even go beyond her close relationship with longtime aide and confidante Huma Abedin. The most dangerous enemy is the one who operates from within your own gates. Discover the traitors within our own country and help spread the word about how America is already under attack. Don’t miss “The Enemies Within” available now in the WND Superstore. “Hillary Clinton’s ties are a lot deeper, broader and wider than Huma Abedin,” Haney says. “The best example of her ties is her affiliation with the Istanbul Process and, in particular, with U.N. Resolution 1618. That resolution, it essentially criminalizes defamation of Islam, has been backed for 10 years by the Organization of the Islamic Conference, a 57-nation organization. It is essentially run in its leadership positions by members of the Muslim Brotherhood. By endorsing U.N. Resolution 16/18, by default Hillary Clinton is aiding and abetting the Muslim Brotherhood on a macro, global level.” And the Muslim Brotherhood, in Haney’s opinion as a national security professional, is directly responsible for sponsoring terrorism. He argues in “The Enemies Within” the organization should be labeled a terrorist group and shut down. Save $15, get “The Enemies Within” for only $4.95! We’ve been listening to you! And your message is clear. More and more of our 8 million monthly visitors to WND have been telling us the same thing. “We love WND,” they say. “But can I pay to get your content without being bombarded by advertising and putting up with loads times on audio and video spots?” We have answered the call. The product is called WND Weekly – and, that’s right, it contains no ads, just a very reasonable annual subscription cost. Each week, all the original content from WND.com is collected, repackaged with spectacular designs and beautifully illustrated, and delivered to your computer, tablet or phone for you to read, browse, check out, examine, inspect, peruse, pore over, scan, search, skim, study AND KEEP FOREVER … absolutely ad-free! Print it, save it or share it. And each weekly issue costs less than a song on iTunes, a new razor from a monthly shave club, five 4×6 photo prints at Walmart, an ATM fee, a souvenir penny, a cheap beer, a junior cheeseburger deluxe at Wendy’s, a slice of pizza in New York City or even a house in Detroit. (Seriously! Google it!) Whether you’re taking a Sunday drive, planning a Sunday brunch or wearing your Sunday best, start your favorite day with a cuppa coffee and a no-nonsense, matter-of-fact, down-to-earth, nitty-gritty, nuts-and-bolts, brass-tacks, meat-and-potatoes issue of WND Weekly . Of course, when news is breaking big time – like by the minute – we still hope those who take us up on this offer will come back to WND.com to catch up. Actually, it’s not a new product. We’ve been doing it for years. But we’ve dramatically lowered the subscription cost on this weekly digital magazine delivered to your inbox to make it more affordable for everyone. We also welcome you to sample one issue FREE of all cost or obligation because we know you will love this easy, convenient, efficient way to read our news and commentary at your leisure. In an age of “fake news” being presented as fact, WND.com strives to be the best source of powerful, truthful investigative journalism you’ve come to expect from the No. 1, original pioneering independent news agency dedicated to draining the swamp of Washington, D.C., since we started publishing back in 1997. A simple-to-access and easy way to digest the news, WND Weekly is a platform for a download of the week’s worth of content when you want it and as often as you want it. Instead of constantly refreshing WND.com to see what’s the newest, breaking story, WND Weekly allows you see a beautiful presentation of the week’s hottest stories in a diligently packaged and fully illustrated manner so you can catch up on all the news in one visual production. And, did we forget to tell you, it’s ad-free? Try it now – for free. If you like what you see, pay only $29.99 for a full year of this service. NOTE: For this offer, your credit card will be charged only for the price of the items you have ordered and your free WND Weekly trial will begin. Also included with your merchandise will be your renewal notice for a one-year WND Weekly subscription. NOTE: If you want to renew, do nothing, and your credit card will be debited for the low annual renewal rate of $29.99. At any time during the year, you can cancel your new subscription for a full refund on the unused portion. To keep WND Weekly coming in future years, do nothing and we’ll renew your subscription automatically at the low prevailing rate by charging your credit or debit card. You may cancel by calling 1-800-4WNDCOM (800-496-3266) or by emailing canceltrial-WB@wnd.com. This offer is valid for credit-card purchases and does not apply to purchasers of WND Weekly subscriptions in the previous 365 days as the offer’s intent is to introduce non-subscribers to the digital magazine. Order your copy “The Enemies Within” for only $4.95. This offer expires tonight at 10 p.m. Pacific, so order now. Click here for reuse options! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Follow WND On Facebook: Twitter:Follow @worldnetdaily Contribute Contact Us Send a Link Send Corrections Send a Tip Send Photos/Videos Send comments Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. WND Exclusive Commentary BETWEEN THE LINES Joseph Farah My recollections of the late, great Bill O'Reilly Real America Patrice Lewis Want to live 'green'? Grow some watermelons MAKING POLITICS PERSONAL Carl Jackson When our heroes go bad CORRUPTION NATION Larry Klayman Did Extortion 17 cover-up sink Rep. Chaffetz? THE OLIGARCHS Craige McMillan Assange & WikiLeaks: The deep state strikes back More Commentary » Deal of the Day Trevor Loudon exposes 'The Enemies Within' Stunning new film documents how a few thousand communists, socialists and 'progressives' control the lives of over 300 million Americans Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2017. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 23 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 17-21, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of April 17-21, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. Route 29 widening – Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane will be closed between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. on Tuesday while formwork is removed from the Berkmar Drive bridge. During the closure, residential and business entrances on Rio Mills Road can be accessed from Earlysville Road. Bad weather on Tuesday will postpone the closure until Wednesday. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway. (UPDATE) Hillsdale Drive Extended – A portion of Line Drive was opened to travel on April 5.  Line Drive at Zan Road remains closed in preparation for roundabout construction, scheduled to begin Monday. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org. (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious EXPECT BRIEF DELAYS FOR FALL HILL AVENUE PROJECT IN FREDERICKSBURG – Motorists can anticipate lane closures on I-95, Route 1, Fall Hill Avenue and Mary Washington Boulevard as project nears completion Next PostNext RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 10-14, 2017 Search Recent Posts Impower Solutions Reviews Inbox BluePrint – Turn Your Online Business Dream into a Reality Harmonic Brings Market-Leading Playout Capabilities to VOS(TM) Cloud and VOS 360 Solutions Harmonic Pushes OTT QoE to New Heights at the 2017 NAB Show PCCW Global Delivers Immersive 360-Degree, VR Sports Experience With Harmonic Cygnus docked to International Space Station for the seventh time Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 23 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 10-14, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of April 10-14, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Expect brief, intermittent traffic restrictions on Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane during delivery of materials; traffic controlled by flaggers. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway. (UPDATE) Hillsdale Drive Extended – A portion of Line Drive was opened to travel on April 5.  Line Drive at Zan Road remains closed in preparation for roundabout construction, scheduled to begin April 17. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SHARE YOUR INPUT ON TRANSPORTATION PRIORITIES – Comments invited in person on April 25, via mail or email by May 16 Next PostNext ONE LANE CLOSED ON I-64 EAST THIS WEEKEND – Bridge work at mile 119 near Charlottesville from 8 p.m. Friday to 6 a.m. Monday Search Recent Posts Impower Solutions Reviews Inbox BluePrint – Turn Your Online Business Dream into a Reality Harmonic Brings Market-Leading Playout Capabilities to VOS(TM) Cloud and VOS 360 Solutions Harmonic Pushes OTT QoE to New Heights at the 2017 NAB Show PCCW Global Delivers Immersive 360-Degree, VR Sports Experience With Harmonic Cygnus docked to International Space Station for the seventh time Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 23 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 3-7, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of April 3-7, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – North Hollymead Drive will be closed to traffic at its intersection with Route 29 between 9 p.m. Friday and 6 a.m. Saturday during grading and paving across the entrances. A signed detour will direct traffic to South Hollymead Drive and back to North Hollymead Drive east of Route 29. Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. (NEW) Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday-Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Expect brief, intermittent traffic restrictions on Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane during delivery of materials; traffic controlled by flaggers. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway. (UPDATE) Hillsdale Drive Extended –  Line Drive is closed to traffic between India Road and Zan Road through late April. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SHARE YOUR INPUT ON TRANSPORTATION PRIORITIES – Comments invited in person on April 25, via mail or email by May 16 Next PostNext ONE LANE CLOSED ON I-64 EAST THIS WEEKEND – Bridge work at mile 119 near Charlottesville from 8 p.m. Friday to 6 a.m. Monday Search Recent Posts Impower Solutions Reviews Inbox BluePrint – Turn Your Online Business Dream into a Reality Harmonic Brings Market-Leading Playout Capabilities to VOS(TM) Cloud and VOS 360 Solutions Harmonic Pushes OTT QoE to New Heights at the 2017 NAB Show PCCW Global Delivers Immersive 360-Degree, VR Sports Experience With Harmonic Cygnus docked to International Space Station for the seventh time Proudly powered by WordPress
Hot Topics: Loveland Recycling I-25 Police Chase Toppers Pizza CSU Football Have Fun in NoCo Loveland Choral Society Cleveland Ave. Narrowing RH Line Police Calls Daily Record: Loveland police calls April 20-21, 2017 Posted:   04/21/2017 06:28:32 PM MDT Thursday Arrests • 5:44 p.m. At the Loveland Police and Courts Building, 810 E. 10th St., a 31-year-old Loveland man turned himself in on suspicion of misdemeanor violation of a restraining order and misdemeanor violation of bail bond conditions. • 6:58 p.m. In the 200 block of Primrose Drive, a 27-year-old Loveland woman on three unknown felony warrants alleging unknown charges, and two misdemeanor warrants alleging unknown charges. • 10:57 p.m. In the 1000 block of North Cleveland Avenue, a 22-year-old Cheyenne, Wyo., man on suspicion of felony possession of a controlled substance, possession of drug paraphernalia and riding a bicycle not equipped with a front lamp, as well as a warrant alleging failure to appear in court on a drug charge. • 11:01 p.m. In the 500 block of North Jefferson Avenue, a 35-year-old Loveland man on a felony drug warrant and another felony warrant alleging unknown charges. Other Notable Calls Thursday • Noon. Shoplifting at Kohl's, 1340 Sculptor Drive. • 3 p.m. A noninjury motor vehicle accident at the intersection of West 65th Street and North Garfield Avenue. • 3 p.m. Shoplifting at Wal-Mart, 1325 N. Denver Ave. • 3 p.m. A noninjury motor vehicle accident at the intersection of North Taft Avenue and Georgetown Drive. • A noninjury motor vehicle accident in the 4600 block of East Eisenhower Boulevard. • 5 p.m. Hit-and-run at the intersection of East Colo. 402 and South County Road 7. Advertisement • 5 p.m. A noninjury motor vehicle accident in the 4100 block of East Eisenhower Boulevard. • 5 p.m. Fraud in the 1300 block of 22nd Street Southwest. • 5 p.m. A noninjury motor vehicle accident at the intersection of North Lincoln Avenue and East Seventh Street. • 6 p.m. Warrant in the 1600 block of Valency Drive. • 7 p.m. Hit-and-run in the 400 block of Barnes Place. • 10 p.m. Drugs in the 1000 block of North Cleveland Avenue. Larimer County's Most Wanted Friday • 6 a.m. Warrant at Serious Texas Bar-B-Q, 201 W. 71st St. • 8 a.m. A nonforcible sex offense at an undisclosed location. • 8 a.m. Trespassing in the 1000 block of Patricia Drive. • 9 a.m. Theft in the 500 block of West 66th Street. • 9 a.m. Theft in the 1100 block of East First Street. Larimer County's Most Wanted: Justin Tyler Garst, 32, on a felony warrant alleging possession of a controlled substance with intent to distribute. Garst is 6-foot-1, 140 pounds and was last known to be located at 965 Douglas Ave. in Loveland. Addresses in the Daily Record indicate only where police contact took place and should not imply contact with businesses or residences nearby. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Loveland butterfly sanctuary named in honor of enthusiast Bob Trout Comcast employees show they care Roadwork to start at US 287-Larimer County Road 17   Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Home About Authors Contact Us Photo Gallery Topics News Area Arts and Leisure Business Education Events Opinion Commentary Politics Spirituality Sports Recent Articles Nashville Sounds rally late to beat Colorado Springs Sky Sox, 5-2 Tennessee Unemployment Rate Falls to 5.1 Percent Austin Peay State University Baseball game vs. Morehead State postponed until Sunday Rivers and Spires canceled due to rain and incoming thunderstorms 101st Airborne Division Blue Spaders’ hold Change of Responsibility Ceremony APSU Governors Bass Tournament begins in a few weeks Clarksville Academy students assemble new BCycles APSU Softball games this weekend postponed due to rain Clarksville Police need help identifying Warfield Boulevard Robbery Suspect APSU Baseball hammered by Morehead State Eagles, 12-3 Flash Flood Watch in effect for Clarksville-Montgomery County through late Saturday night Lights Go Out on Nashville Sounds and Oklahoma City Dodgers, Game Suspended Austin Peay State University Men’s Tennis falls to Belmont at OVC Tournament APSU Baseball gets 3-1 home win over Morehead State Planters Bank Presents to show “Finding Nemo” at the Roxy Regional Theatre this Sunday, April 23rd Powerful Performances kick off Clarksville’s Rivers and Spires Clarksville Police seize almost 70lbs of Marijuana and Over $24,000 in Cash in Counterfeit Property Bust Clarksville Police arrests Robbery Suspects APSU hosting early Relay for Life event on April 29th My Two Cents: Nashville Predators Sweep Chicago Blackhawks, Now What? Official Sites City of Clarksville, TN Clarksville Arts & Heritage Development Council Clarksville Department of Electricity Clarksville Gas and Water Department Clarksville Montgomery County School System Clarksville Police Department Clarksville, Montgomery County Economic Development Council Clarksville, TN Ordinances Clarksville-Montgomery County Public Library Fort Campbell, Ky Montgomery County Animal Control Montgomery County, Tennessee Montgomery County, Tennessee Sheriff's Office Parks after Dark « Older: Clarksville Academy students assemble new BCycles Newer: 101st Airborne Division Blue Spaders’ hold Change of Responsibility Ceremony » APSU Governors Bass Tournament begins in a few weeks April 22, 2017 | Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest   APSU Sports Information Clarksville, TN – On Saturday, May 13th, 2017 the 24th annual APSU Governors Bass Tournament will be held at Kentucky Lake, with registration and boat launching from Paris Landing (Tennessee) State Park. Last season’s tourney drew nearly 200 boats. More than $12,000 dollars in prize money will be awarded. Previously, the Top 25 places earned cash prizes but now only the Top 10 places will gain monetary awards, meaning greater cash payouts, respectively, for those positions. Husband/wife team of Frank and Connie Fisher from Clarksville came in First Place at the21st Annual APSU Governors Bass Tournament. A guaranteed first-place prize of $4,000, second-place at $2,000, with third ($1,500) and fourth ($1,000) and fifth ($500). Sixth-through-15th place will be decided by a random weight drawing. In addition, $2,000 will be awarded in door prizes. The tourney will begin 6:00am, May 13th, although all contestants must be checked in between 4:00am-5:30am, with a mandatory meeting on the water at 5:45am. Pre-registration entry fee is $120.00 per boat (two people per boat), $135.00 after noon, Friday, May 12th. Fishing with artificial baits only is authorized with no motor trolling allowed. A five-fish limit per boat exists. The Governors Club will serve sausage biscuits prior to the tournament and hamburgers and hot dogs at weigh-in. Weigh in will begin at 2:30pm and boats launching will take place in order of postmark of entry form. Only largemouth, smallmouth and spotted bass measuring 15 inches (with mouth closed) will be weighed. Last year, the husband/wife team of Frank and Connie Fisher, of Clarksville, captured the $5,000 first-place prize with a five-fish weigh-in of 25.28, nearly three pounds more than second-place David Daniel-Joey Rumsey (Waverly, TN), who had a 22.31 pound catch. As a result, they took home $2,000. Third-place finishers Shawn Darnell-Dennis Drugmand, of Woodlawn, TN took third at 19.95 pounds, collecting $1,500. That team barely nudged out Reed Baldwin-Justin Hopper, of Clarksville, which caught 19.41 pounds of fish and a $1,000 prize. But that pair snared the tourney’s Big Bass, reeling in a 7.40-pound catch and another $1,038, putting them at more than $2,000 for the day. Darnell-Drugmand was second with Big Bass catch of 6.62 pounds, earning them $692.00 for that catch. Zach-Jacob Hull, of Arrington, took fifth in the overall standings with a haul of 18.73 pounds, good enough for $750.00 day.    Sponsored by Legends Bank, Morgan Contractors Inc., The Leaf-Chronicle, Jenkins and Wynne Ford Lincoln Mercury Honda, Tailwater Marine and Tackle, WJZM 1400 AM, WKDZ 106.5 FM, WVVF105.1 FM The Wolf, Walmart Supercenters (Clarksville), DBS and Associates Engineering, Inc. (David Smith), Groudn Support LLC, The Tackle Box, The Clarksville Marina at Liberty Park, Discover Clarksville, Reed Baldwin and Baldwin Builders, Clarksville Floor Covering, Gateway Tire and Service, Clarksville Online, Clarksville Sports Network along with the Governors Club, the tournament will benefit Austin Peay athletics. For the entry form and more information, stop by the APSU University Advancement office or call 931.221.6357 or 931.221.7127, between 8:00am-4:30pm. After business hours, call 931.279.0905. In addition, all this information, including the entry form, is available at the APSU athletics web site: www.LetsGoPeay.com/bass or www.Facebook.com/LetsGoPeayBass Photos from Last Year’s APSU Bass Tournament 12348910► SectionsEvents, Sports TopicsAPSU, APSU Bass Tournament, APSU University Advancement Office, Austin Peay State University, Clarksville Floor Covering, Clarksville Marina, Clarksville Online, Clarksville Sports Network, Clarskville TN, Connie Fisher, David Daniel, David Smith, DBS and Associates Engineering, Dennis Drugmand, Discover Clarksville, Frank Fisher, Gateway Tire and Service, Governors Club, Groudn Support LLC, Inc., Jenkins and Wynne Ford Lincoln Mercury Honda, Joey Rumsey, Justin Hopper, Kentucky Lake, Largemouth Bass, Legends Bank, Morgan Contractors Inc, Paris Landing State Park, Reed Baldwin, Reed Baldwin and Baldwin Builders, Shawn Darnell, Smallmouth Bass, Spotted Bass, Tailwater Marine and Tackle, The Leaf Chronicle, The Tackle Box, Walmart Supercenters, Waverly TN, WJZM 1400 AM, WKDZ 106.5 FM, Woodlawn TN, WVVF105.1 FM The Wolf Related Posts Austin Peay State University announces APSU Bass Tournament set for May 13th Clarksville’s Frank and Connie Fisher win 22nd Annual APSU Governors Bass Tournament APSU’s 20th Annual Governors Bass Tournament to be held May 10th, 2014 APSU’s 20th Annual Governors Bass Tournament at Paris Landing to be held May 10th, 2014 Austin Peay State University Governors Bass Tournament to be held Saturday, May 10th Comments You must be logged in to post a comment. Connect with Enter your WordPress.com blog URL http://.wordpress.com Proceed Personal Controls Register Log in Archives April 2017 S M T W T F S « Mar       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   2017: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2016: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2015: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2014: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2013: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2012: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2011: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2010: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2009: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2008: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2007: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2006: J F M A M J J A S O N D Local Community Ajax Turner Senior Citizens Center Clarksville Community Concert Association Clarksville Kiwanis Club Dunbar Cave State Natural Area Friends of Dunbar Cave Gateway Chamber Orchestra Leadership Clarksville Tennessee Alliance for Progress The Customs House Museum The Roxy Regional Theatre Affiliated Web Sites Bonehead Promotions Clarksville Sports Network Discover Clarksville Feeds Full Comments                 © 2006-2017 Clarksville, TN Online is owned and operated by residents of Clarksville Tennessee. » We are Hosted by Compu-Net Enterprises; In Partnership with Discover Clarksville and Discover Paris
GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 52° Low 45° High 54° Fayetteville 46° Low 41° High 48° Bentonville 46° Low 40° High 48° See complete forecast Tad Cummins Arrest: Tipster Reveals How Teacher Covered Up Identity Posted 1:29 pm, April 22, 2017, by CNN Wire Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email CECILVILLE, Calif. (CNN) — Tad Cummins was an intensely sought fugitive, trumpeted from coast to coast as the Tennessee teacher accused of running off with his 15-year-old student. But before his capture this week, Cummins and the young woman, he called his wife, slipped into a remote Northern California community unrecognized. Cummins passed himself off for days as a down-on-his-luck Colorado man who’d just lost his job and home, according to the man who eventually tipped off police. Cummins was arrested — and the girl was found safe — Thursday (April 20) outside a cabin in Cecilville, ending a 39-day hunt for the teen who was reported missing some 1,900 miles away in her hometown south of Nashville. Police say the two spent at least one night in the remote cabin — a one room structure that was in the process of being built. It had no electricity or furniture. On Friday (April 21), a grill, pots and pans, a bag of rice and boxes of food and empty bottles of soda and water remained in the cabin. Inside the cabin where police say Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas spent a night. (CNN) The former teacher, facing federal and state charges stemming from her disappearance, is in federal custody and is expected to be arraigned in Sacramento on Monday (April 24), Siskiyou County prosecutor Kirk Andrus said. Elizabeth was reunited Friday (April 21) with family and friends. She is being evaluated and treated by mental health experts specializing in trauma. “She is a little girl in every sense of the word. This was the abduction of an impressionable, little child,” family lawyer S. Jason Whatley said. “There is no doubt that she has suffered severe emotional trauma and that her process of recovery is only just beginning.” Front page of the Columbia Daily Herald: BUSTED pic.twitter.com/0A9pd0sHQh — Sonia Moghe (@soniamoghe) April 21, 2017 The pair had been in the heavily wooded area 60 miles south of the Oregon line since at least last week, according to Griffin Barry, the man who says he eventually helped police capture Cummins. Cummins and the teen arrived at a Cecilville-area gas station last week, apparently on their way to visit a commune, Barry told CNN. Cummins, 50, told Barry he was 44, and that the teen was his 22-year-old wife, according to the cabin’s owner. “He was like, ‘We’re from Colorado. We had a house fire and lost everything,” Barry told CNN. “He’s like, ‘This is my last $10.” Barry said he gave Cummins $40 and paid another $15 to put gas in Cummins’ vehicle. The pair went to the commune, but returned to the gas station this week, with Cummins explaining they didn’t get along with people at the commune, Barry said. Barry said he offered Cummins work — moving rocks to build a wall on the property — and a place to stay: a small cabin for which Barry was the caretaker. But Barry and some acquaintances eventually became suspicious, noting that Cummins was driving a vehicle without any license plates, and that Cummins’ companion spoke few words for herself. As he discussed the pair with someone a bar Wednesday (April 19) night, the other person found Cummins’ picture online in an urgent Amber Alert widely distributed by authorities. Cummins and the teen stayed in one of these cabins, the property’s caretaker told CNN. “I said, ‘That’s the guy,'” Barry said. He called police Wednesday (April 19) night. After Barry told them he and Cummins had planned to move more rocks Thursday (April 20) morning, authorities asked the caretaker to help them capture Cummins. At officers’ instructions Thursday (April 20) morning, Barry drove by the cabin and shouted for Cummins. When Cummins left the cabin, investigators were there to arrest him, the cabin’s owner, Monk O’Hare, told CNN. Griffin Barry Siskiyou County sheriff’s Sgt. Mike Gilley confirmed that his team worked with a neighbor to draw Cummins out of the cabin. Cummins was taken into custody. Elizabeth was walking behind him and was detained. “There aren’t words in the English language to describe the level of relief and elation experienced by the Thomas family,” said Whatley. “Now begins another hard chapter, but for now, we celebrate.” The disappearance Cummins and the girl disappeared March 13 as a police investigation into their relationship was heating up. A high school health sciences teacher in the Tennessee town of Culleoka, Cummins had been suspended in February, less than a month after a student reported seeing him and the 15-year-old kissing in a classroom. Surveillance video showed the pair at a Walmart in Oklahoma City on March 15. Cummins and the teen also visited a Walmart in the Oklahoma Panhandle city of Guymon on March 16, and he rented a one-bed motel room in Guymon on March 16 and 17, a criminal complaint filed in federal court Thursday (April 20)alleges. After that, the trail appears to have gone cold. The complaint alleges Cummins left a note for his wife on March 13 saying he was leaving for a while to “clear his head.” He took out a $4,500 loan and picked up two prescription refills of Cialis, an erectile dysfunction drug, the complaint says. His wife reported that two handguns and some clothes and toiletries were missing from their home. After the capture, Cummins was charged with one federal count of transportation of a minor across state lines for the purpose of criminal sexual intercourse, said Jack Smith, acting US attorney for Middle District of Tennessee. The charge carries a minimum of 10 years. He also faces state charges of sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said last month. Whatley, the attorney for the girl’s family, said her immediate future wasn’t clear. “Obviously, our goal is to seclude (her) with her family,” Whatley said. “We have mental health people that are engaged actively in this case that are going to be working with her for her best interests. “We are following their recommendations completely, and so we are waiting on further instructions from them.” Gilley described her condition as alternating between “stoic” and “emotional,” understandable given the circumstances, he said. “It was a very traumatic experience for her. Her mood was very alternating,” he said. “The two obviously have a relationship … her response to us and to law enforcement escalated up and down.” Cummins’ estranged wife, Jill Cummins, was “very emotional” when she learned both were found safe, her attorney, Michael Cox, said. “She is excited that they were found and nobody was hurt,” Cox said. “She has not spoken to Tad.” Jill Cummins had already filed for divorce, saying she felt betrayed by her husband. She had no idea why her husband went to northern California. “This is not somewhere they had frequently visited,” her attorney said. “I’m not aware that they had ever been there.” Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Adventure Arkansas Check the latest 5NEWS adventure. Popular 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Two Rescued After Being Trapped Under Fallen Tree At Barling Park Crawford County Deputy Arrested For Allegedly Having Relationship With Minor FOUND: Amber Alert Cancelled After Two Oklahoma Babies Found In Arkansas Latest News 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Alma Hosts State Weightlifting Championships Bentonville Native, Greg Bohannan, Shares Fishing Tips And Signs Autographs Arkansas’ Bullpen Shines In Win Over Auburn Erin Moran, “Happy Days” Star, Dead At Age 56 News Wife Urges Ex-Teacher To Surrender As Search Continues For Man, Teen Girl News Police: Hunt Continues For Armed Teacher Who Kidnapped Student News Tennessee Manhunt: No Sign Of Teacher And Teenager News Missing Tennessee Student: School Chief Appeals For Girl’s Safe Return News Teacher Suspected Of Kidnapping 15-Year-Old Student Spotted In Oklahoma City With Teen News Wife Of Tad Cummins, Man Wanted In Tennessee Amber Alert, Files For Divorce News Police: Fugitive Ex-Teacher Accused Of Kidnapping Teen Reportedly Seen In Texas News Tennessee Teacher Suspected In Kidnapping Arrested In Northern California News Amber Alert Issued For 15-Year-Old Tennessee Girl Believed To Be With Armed 50-Year-Old Man News Convicted Sex Offender From Van Buren Gets 10 Years For Sexual Assault News Haas Hall Academy Teacher Honored By Students News Don Davis: Motion Denied For Stay Of Execution News Ark. Department Of Corrections Awaits US Supreme Court Decision On Overruling Stay Of Execution Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix CW39 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW39 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Local Nation/World Features Community Entertainment EyeOpener Traffic Contests Weather 60° 60° Low 53° High 78° Sun 54° 76° Mon 61° 82° Tue 72° 83° See complete forecast Tad Cummins arrest: Tipster reveals how teacher covered up identity Posted 9:49 AM, April 22, 2017, by CNN Wire Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email × Tad Cummins arrest: Tipster reveals how teacher covered up identity CECILVILLE, California — Tad Cummins was an intensely sought fugitive, trumpeted from coast to coast as the Tennessee teacher accused of running off with his 15-year-old student. But before his capture this week, Cummins and the young woman he called his wife slipped into a remote Northern California community unrecognized, and Cummins passed himself off for days as a down-on-his-luck Colorado man who’d just lost his job and home, according to the man who eventually tipped off police. Cummins was arrested — and the girl was found safe — Thursday outside a cabin in Cecilville, ending a 39-day hunt for the teen who was reported missing some 1,900 miles away in her hometown south of Nashville. Police say the two spent at least one night in the remote cabin — a one room structure that was in the process of being built. It had no electricity or furniture. On Friday, a grill, pots and pans, a bag of rice and boxes of food and empty bottles of soda and water remained in the cabin. The former teacher, facing federal and state charges stemming from her disappearance, is in federal custody and is expected to be arraigned in Sacramento on Monday, Siskiyou County prosecutor Kirk Andrus said. Elizabeth was reunited with family and friends. She is being evaluated and treated by mental health experts specializing in trauma. “She is a little girl in every sense of the word. This was the abduction of an impressionable, little child,” family lawyer S. Jason Whatley said. “There is no doubt that she has suffered severe emotional trauma and that her process of recovery is only just beginning.” Front page of the Columbia Daily Herald: BUSTED pic.twitter.com/0A9pd0sHQh — Sonia Moghe (@soniamoghe) April 21, 2017 A suspicious couple The pair had been in the heavily wooded area 60 miles south of the Oregon line since at least last week, according to Griffin Barry, the man who says he eventually helped police capture Cummins. Cummins and the teen arrived at a Cecilville-area gas station last week, apparently on their way to visit a commune, Barry told CNN. Cummins, 50, told Barry he was 44, and that the teen was his 22-year-old wife, according to the cabin’s owner. “He was like, ‘We’re from Colorado. We had a house fire and lost everything,” Barry told CNN. “He’s like, ‘This is my last $10.” Barry said he gave Cummins $40 and paid another $15 to put gas in Cummins’ vehicle. The pair went to the commune but returned to the gas station this week, with Cummins explaining they didn’t get along with people at the commune, Barry said. Barry said he offered Cummins work — moving rocks to build a wall on the property — and a place to stay: a small cabin for which Barry was the caretaker. But Barry and some acquaintances eventually became suspicious, noting that Cummins was driving a vehicle without any license plates, and that Cummins’ companion spoke few words for herself. ‘That’s the guy’ As he discussed the pair with someone a bar Wednesday night, the other person found Cummins’ picture online in an urgent Amber Alert widely distributed by authorities. “I said, ‘That’s the guy,'” Barry said. He called police Wednesday night. After Barry told them he and Cummins had planned to move more rocks Thursday morning, authorities asked the caretaker to help them capture Cummins. At officers’ instructions Thursday morning, Barry drove by the cabin and shouted for Cummins. When Cummins left the cabin, investigators were there to arrest him, the cabin’s owner, Monk O’Hare, told CNN. Siskiyou County sheriff’s Sgt. Mike Gilley confirmed that his team worked with a neighbor to draw Cummins out of the cabin. Cummins was taken into custody. Elizabeth was walking behind him and was detained. “There aren’t words in the English language to describe the level of relief and elation experienced by the Thomas family,” said Whatley. “Now begins another hard chapter, but for now, we celebrate.” The disappearance Cummins and the girl disappeared March 13 as a police investigation into their relationship was heating up. A high school health sciences teacher in the Tennessee town of Culleoka, Cummins had been suspended in February, less than a month after a student reported seeing him and the 15-year-old kissing in a classroom. Surveillance video showed the pair at a Walmart in Oklahoma City on March 15. Cummins and the teen also visited a Walmart in the Oklahoma Panhandle city of Guymon on March 16, and he rented a one-bed motel room in Guymon on March 16 and 17, a criminal complaint filed in federal court Thursday alleges. After that, the trail appears to have gone cold. The complaint alleges Cummins left a note for his wife on March 13 saying he was leaving for a while to “clear his head.” He took out a $4,500 loan and picked up two prescription refills of Cialis, an erectile dysfunction drug, the complaint says. His wife reported that two handguns and some clothes and toiletries were missing from their home. After the capture, Cummins was charged with one federal count of transportation of a minor across state lines for the purpose of criminal sexual intercourse, said Jack Smith, acting US attorney for Middle District of Tennessee. The charge carries a minimum of 10 years. He also faces state charges of sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said last month. ‘Our goal is to seclude (her) with her family’ Whatley, the attorney for the girl’s family, said her immediate future wasn’t clear. “Obviously, our goal is to seclude (her) with her family,” Whatley said. “We have mental health people that are engaged actively in this case that are going to be working with her for her best interests. “We are following their recommendations completely, and so we are waiting on further instructions from them.” Gilley described her condition as alternating between “stoic” and “emotional,” understandable given the circumstances, he said. “It was a very traumatic experience for her. Her mood was very alternating,” he said. “The two obviously have a relationship … her response to us and to law enforcement escalated up and down.” Estranged wife speaks out Cummins’ estranged wife, Jill Cummins, was “very emotional” when she learned both were found safe, her attorney, Michael Cox, said. “She is excited that they were found and nobody was hurt,” Cox said. “She has not spoken to Tad.” Jill Cummins had already filed for divorce, saying she felt betrayed by her husband. She had no idea why her husband went to northern California. “This is not somewhere they had frequently visited,” her attorney said. “I’m not aware that they had ever been there.” 41.140971 -123.140041 Trademark and Copyright 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. Filed in: Nation/World Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Got a Tip? Let us know! Click here to email us your news tip. Popular Bombshell: Aaron Hernandez left third suicide note to jailhouse lover PD: Boy, 13, fatally shot while playing Russian Roulette at Peppermint Park in Freeport; another teen arrested 3 charged in robbery, fatal shooting of man in North Shore area Mother arrested after horrific videos showing 1-year-old being abused, burned, tortured posted on Facebook Latest News Houston tears down Cresmont Village Apartments San Jacinto Day Festival and Battle Reenactment gives Houstonians chance to relive history Where Apple stands in its quest for 100% clean energy Tix Fix: Win tickets to see Jimmy Buffet Nation/World Police: Hunt continues for armed teacher who kidnapped student NewsFix Teacher and missing student sought, teacher’s wife urges him to surrender Nation/World Wife of Tennessee teacher accused of kidnapping wants divorce Nation/World NewsFix Family of teen believed to have been kidnapped by teacher speaks out Nation/World NewsFix Tennessee teacher suspected in kidnapping arrested in northern California; teen found safe Nation/World Fugitive ex-teacher accused of kidnapping teen reportedly seen in Texas: police Nation/World Tennessee law could protect Elizabeth Thomas’ suspected kidnapper Nation/World Student one of 3 dead in San Bernardino school shooting Nation/World Father-to-be who went missing on way to job interview found dead Nation/World NewsFix Video shows off-duty California cop fire weapon in struggle with 13-year-old Nation/World Texas teacher accused of sex with 15-year-old is pregnant Nation/World ‘He’s a monster’: Man sentenced in ‘horrific’ kidnapping, sex assault of 2-year-old Nation/World Motorcyclist who cleared California highway badly hurt after stunt goes horribly wrong Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 7700 Westpark Drive Houston, TX 77063 • Copyright © 2017, KIAH • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
FR Home Services Knowledge Centre Our Blog About CNW For Journalists Member sign-in   Online Member Centre Cision Communications Cloud Cision PR Edition CisionPoint MediaSource Monitoring/Evaluation Visible Intelligence FastFinder my CNW CNW Access CNW Directories Register for my CNW Français Send a News Release News Releases Financials   Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Conference calls Contracts Dividends Earnings Banking & Financial Services Computer & Electronics Energy & Oil Media Mining & Metals Webcasts × Member Sign In Online Member Centre Cision Communications Cloud Cision PR Edition CisionPoint MediaSource Monitoring/Evaluation Visible Intelligence FastFinder My CNW CNW Access CNW Directories Register for my CNW Close × Search Search Go ! Advanced Search Close See more news releases in Human Resource & Workforce Management Advocacy Group Opinion Labor & Union On Rana Plaza Anniversary, Transparency Needed from Mark's, Sport Chek English Français TORONTO, April 20, 2017 /CNW/ - On the fourth anniversary of the Rana Plaza disaster that killed more than 1,100 garment workers in Bangladesh, Canadian apparel retailers such as Mark's and Sport Chek must commit to greater transparency regarding their supply chains, an international coalition of human rights and labour rights advocates says. "It is now four years after the Rana Plaza disaster that killed more than 1,100 workers on April 24, 2013. Canadian consumers want Canadian retailers to ensure a minimum level of safety in factories to stop fashion killings from ever happening again," said Ken Neumann, Canadian Director of the United Steelworkers (USW). "The Canadian Tire family of brands, including Mark's and Sport Chek, imports products from 67 factories in Bangladesh. However, they don't publicly report which garment factories they use. That means human rights groups can't independently verify if these factories are safe and how they are treating their workers," Neumann said. A new report, based on a survey of 72 of the world's leading apparel brands, has identified Canadian Tire among companies, including Walmart, which have made no commitment to publish supplier factory information. The report, Follow the Thread: The Need for Supply Chain Transparency in the Garment and Footwear Industry, calls for companies to adopt the Apparel and Footwear Supply Chain Transparency Pledge. The report notes that 17 leading brands, including Nike and Adidas, have committed to the Transparency Pledge to disclose information identifying the factories that produce their goods. Other companies, including Mountain Equipment Co-op (MEC), Loblaw and Hudson's Bay Company, are taking steps to disclose more information about the factories that manufacture their products. "Four years after the Rana Plaza tragedy, we are calling on Canadian Tire, Mark's and Sport Chek to make a clear commitment to transparency and accountability," Neumann said. The USW and several allies in Canada today launched the 'No More Operating in the Dark' campaign urging the Canadian Tire family of brands to adopt the international Transparency Pledge. Canadians can call or email the CEOs and decision makers with one simple click: www.usw.ca/april24. "We invite Canadians to join the campaign to encourage Canadian Tire to do the right thing," Neumann said. "Keeping factories hidden from public scrutiny is unacceptable. It's time to stop operating in the dark." The Follow the Thread report is available at: https://www.hrw.org/node/302113/. SOURCE United Steelworkers (USW) For further information: Ken Neumann, USW National Director, 416-544-5991; Doug Olthuis, Executive Director, Steelworkers Humanity Fund, 416-859-9953, dolthuis@usw.ca; Denis St. Pierre, USW Communications, 416-544-5990, 647-522-1630, dstpierre@usw.ca; For comment on the Follow the Thread report: Bob Jeffcott, Maquila Solidarity Network, 416-532-8584, bjeffcott@maquilasolidarity.org RELATED LINKS http://www.usw.ca Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Organization Profile United Steelworkers (USW) Steelworkers Ratify Collective Agreement with CP Rail Equal Pay Day Rally Draws Attention to Gender Wage Gap Steelworkers Recommend 10 Ways to Improve Canadian Women's Economic Security More on this organization Custom Packages Browse our custom packages or build your own to meet your unique communications needs. Start today. CNW Membership Fill out a CNW membership form or contact us at 1 (877) 269-7890 Learn about CNW services Request more information about CNW products and services or call us at 1 (877) 269-7890 Home News Releases News Releases Overview News in Focus News in Focus News Releases Overview All News Releases News Auto & Transportation News Business Technology News Consumer Products & Retail News Consumer Technology News Energy News Entertainment & Media News Environment News Financial Services & Investing News General Business News Health News Heavy Industry & Manufacturing News Most Popular News People & Culture News All Photos News Policy & Public Interest News All Public Company News Sports News Telecommunica­tions News Travel News All Videos & Multimedia News Conference Calls & Webcasts News All News Releases All Public Company News All Photos Most Popular Business Business Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview All Automotive & Transportation News Aerospace, Defense News Air Freight News Airlines & Aviation News Travel News Automotive News Maritime & Shipbuilding News Railroads and Intermodal Transportation News Transportation, Trucking & Railroad News Trucking and Road Transportation News Business Technology Business Technology Overview All Business Technology News Broadcast Tech News Computer Hardware News Computer Software News Electronic Commerce News Networks News Peripherals News Computer & Electronics News Electronic Components News Electronic Design Automation News Electronics Performance Measurement News High Tech Security News Internet Technology News Nanotechnology News RFID (Radio Frequency ID) News Semantic Web News Semiconductors News General Business General Business Overview All General Business News Awards News Commercial Real Estate News Conference Call Announcements News Corporate Expansion News Earnings News Human Resource & Workforce Management News Licensing News Media Advisories News New Products & Services News Obituaries News Outsourcing Businesses News Personnel Announcements News Real Estate Transactions News Residential Real Estate News Small Business Services News Socially Responsible Investing News Surveys, Polls and Research News Trade Show News Science & Tech Science & Tech Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview All Consumer Technology News Computer Electronics News Computer Hardware News Computer Software News Consumer Electronics News Electronic Commerce News Electronic Gaming News Mobile Entertainment News Multimedia & Internet News Peripherals News Social Media News Web site News Wireless Communications News Energy Energy Overview All Energy News Alternative Energies News Chemical News Electrical Utilities News Mining News Gas News Mining & Metals News Oil & Energy News Oil & Gas Discoveries News Utilities News Water Utilities News Environment Environment Overview All Environment News Conservation & Recycling News Environmental Issues News Environmental Policy News Environmental Products & Services News Green Technology News Heavy Industry Manufacturing Heavy Industry Manufacturing Overview All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing News Aerospace & Defense News Agriculture News Construction & Building News Chemical News Mining & Metals News HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning News Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy News Machinery News Mining News Paper, Forest Products & Containers News Precious Metals News Textiles News Tobacco News Telecommunica­tions Telecommunica­tions Overview All Telecommunica­tions News Carriers and Services News Networks News Mobile Entertainment News Peripherals News Wireless Communications News Telecommunications Equipment News Telecommunications Industry News VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) News Money Money Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview All Financial Services News Accounting News & Issues News Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers News Banking & Financial Services News Bankruptcy News Bond & Stock Ratings News Contracts News Dividends News Earnings News Earnings Forecasts & Projections News Conference Call Announcements News Financing Agreements News Insurance News Investment Opinions News Joint Ventures News Mutual Funds News OTC, SmallCap News Real Estate News Restructuring & Recapitalization News Sales Reports News Shareholders' Rights Plan News Stock Offering News Stock Split News Venture Capital News Health & Living Health & Living Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview All Consumer Products & Retail News Animals & Pets News Beers, Wines and Spirits News Beverages News Bridal Services News Cosmetics and Personal Care News Fashion News Food & Beverages News Furniture and Furnishings News Home Improvements News Household Products News Household, Consumer & Cosmetics News Jewelry News Non-Alcoholic Beverages News Office Products News Organic Food News Product Recalls News Restaurants News Retail News Supermarkets News Toys News Entertainment & Media Entertainment & Media Overview All Entertainment & Media News Advertising News Art News Books News Entertainment News Film and Motion Picture News Magazines News Music News Publishing & Information Services News Radio News Television News Health Health Overview All Health News Biometrics News Biotechnology News Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries News Dentistry News Health Care & Hospitals News FDA Approval News Health Insurance News Infection Control News Medical Equipment News Medical Pharmaceuticals News Mental Health News Pharmaceuticals News Supplementary Medicine News Sports Sports Overview All Sports News General Sports News Sporting Events News Sports Equipment & Accessories News Travel Travel Overview All Travel News Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions News Gambling & Casinos News Hotels and Resorts News Leisure & Tourism News Passenger Aviation News Travel Industry News Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview All Policy & Public Interest News Advocacy Group Opinion News Animal Welfare News Corporate Social Responsibility News Domestic policy News Economic news, trends, analysis News Education News European Government News FDA Approval News Federal and state legislation News Federal Executive Branch & Agency News Foreign Policy & International Affairs News Homeland Security News Labour & Union News Legal Investigations and Class Actions News Legal issues News Not for profit News Patent Law News Environmental News Political Campaigns News Public Safety News Trade policy News People & Culture People & Culture People & Culture Overview All People & Culture News Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American News African American News Asian American News Children News Handicapped, Disabled News Hispanic News Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual News Religion News Senior Citizens News Veterans News Women News Financials Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Conference calls Contracts Dividends Earnings Banking & Financial Services Computer & Electronics Energy & Oil Media Mining & Metals Webcasts Services Knowledge Centre Our Blog About CNW For Journalists Member sign-in Online Member Centre Cision Communications Cloud Cision PR Edition CisionPoint MediaSource Monitoring/Evaluation Visible Intelligence FastFinder my CNW CNW Access CNW Directories Register for my CNW Français Send a News Release Français Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Privacy & Terms of Use Careers Media Partners RSS Feeds PR Newswire Contact © 2017 CNW Group Ltd. × Login to my CNW Invalid username/password Email address Password Invalid password Forgot your password? Remember me Submit Don't have a my CNW account? Register now for my CNW Learn more about my CNW × Reset Your Password Please enter the e-mail address you used to register your account. Email address Please provide a valid email address Thank you for submitting your request. You will receive an e-mail shortly with a link to reset your password. If you cannot find the e-mail message, please check your spam folder. Submit
Welcome to FIS   Sponsored By United States Subscribe to FIS | Register with FIS | Advertise with FIS | Newsletter | About FIS | Contact us Loading HOME World News Companies & Products Companies Directory Trading Market Shows & Fairs People With Opinion Market Monitor Market Prices Market Reports Aquaculture user pass Forgot your pass? Marie Christine Monfort The 8th of March: what about the seafood industry? After over a Centu... - April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015     All Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Antarctica Argentina Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Belgium Belize Bolivia Brazil Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Cambodia Canada Cape Verde Chile China Colombia Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Czech Republic Denmark Dominican Republic Ecuador Erithrea Estonia European Union Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France Gabon Georgia Germany Ghana Greece Greenland Guatemala Guinea-Bissau Guyana Honduras Hong Kong Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Israel Italy Ivory Coast Japan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Latvia Lithuania Madagascar Malaysia Maldives Malta Marshall Islands Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Nigeria North Korea Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territories Panama Papua New Guinea Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Pridnestrovie Puerto Rico Republic of Ireland Romania Russian Federation S. Georgia & S. Sandwich Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena and Ascension St. Vincent and Gren. Suriname Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Tonga Tunisia Turkey Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United Nations United States Uruguay Venezuela Viet Nam Worldwide Worldwide Yemen Zambia To assess the canned product brands, Greenpeace considers the gear used to catch tuna, among other facts. (Image: Greenpeace) Canned tuna giants continue to hold the industry back, according to Greenpeace UNITED STATES Thursday, April 20, 2017, 01:50 (GMT + 9) In its second-ever canned tuna ranking, Greenpeace US found that a number of US retailers have made significant progress toward offering consumers more sustainable and ethical products but this has not happened with the three main brands of these products in the country. According to Greenpeace, retailers Whole Foods, Hy-Vee, Wegmans, Giant Eagle, Albertsons, ALDI, Ahold Delhaize, and Kroger have moved in the right direction on their own canned tuna. On the other hand, the three largest US brands: Chicken of the Sea, Bumble Bee, and StarKist continue to hold the industry back from the sweeping changes that are desperately needed. “Retailers are quickly realizing that consumers want canned tuna products that they can feel good about feeding their families,” said Greenpeace USA Oceans Campaigner David Pinsky. “It’s unfortunate that tuna giants like Chicken of the Sea continue to talk a good game on sustainability and human rights, yet have not made the changes needed to shift a destructive industry. Chicken of the Sea can be the leader that says the status quo will no longer be tolerated, but it needs to act now,” the environmentalist added. In this year’s ranking, Whole Foods joined Wild Planet, American Tuna, and Ocean Naturals in the green category, identified as the best canned tuna choices for American consumers. Just below the top-ranked brands are seven retailers in the yellow category. Greenpeace highlights that compared to the last ranking in 2015, a growing number of evaluated brands provide some good tuna choices. In addition, the NGO points out that while retailers have made significant progress over the last two years, the big three tuna brands continue to fail on both sustainability and social responsibility: Chicken of the Sea, Bumble Bee, and StarKist failed yet again, and have shown little improvement to their policies and practices. Greenpeace states that although Chicken of the Sea ranked the highest of the three brands for its policy positions on sustainability and human rights, the company must do more to show its suppliers are meeting those requirements. “It’s no secret that the big three tuna brands in the U.S. are holding the rest of the industry back from the transformative change we need,” added Pinsky. Walmart, along with retailers Target, Costco, SUPERVALU, Trader Joe’s, and H-E-B, failed this year’s ranking. Greenpeace believes that while most of this group has trended in the wrong direction with inadequate or nonexistent tuna policies and destructive products on store shelves, SUPERVALU shows promise with plans to improve its tuna policies and procurement. On the other hand, Walmart recently released a canned tuna policy that maintains the status quo and continues to rely on unsustainable suppliers like Thai Union. The tuna ranking evaluated the sourcing policies and practices of 20 brands, including whether the fishing method used to catch their tuna harms other marine life, whether they avoid shark finning, and whether they can trace their products back to the sea. In addition, Greenpeace examined the equitability and social responsibility of tuna brands. Poor working conditions are systemic in the tuna industry, and in the worst cases, human rights violations and forced labour occur. [email protected] www.fis.com    Print MORE NEWS Spain Apr 22, 01:50 (GMT + 9): Andalusia claims Mediterranean trawling fleet stoppage change Iceland Apr 22, 01:50 (GMT + 9): Icelandic Group starts sales process of UK operations United States Apr 22, 01:00 (GMT + 9): IN BRIEF - Oregon’s USD 1 billion fish plan shouldn’t cost Idaho Western Sahara Apr 22, 01:00 (GMT + 9): IN BRIEF - Shrimp from the Sahara sounds crazy, but it may be the future of aquaculture United Kingdom Apr 22, 01:00 (GMT + 9): IN BRIEF - Atlantic salmon farms shift to open seas, trying to shake off lice Brazil Apr 22, 00:50 (GMT + 9): Producers and restoration industry disagree on Ecuadorian shrimp import United States Apr 22, 00:50 (GMT + 9): ADM expands animal nutrition footprint in China United Kingdom Apr 22, 00:30 (GMT + 9): Grimsby-based company invests GBP 5m in processing plant Norway Apr 22, 00:00 (GMT + 9): IN BRIEF - Atlantic salmon farms shift to open seas, trying to shake off lice Canada Apr 22, 00:00 (GMT + 9): IN BRIEF - Province buying boat to replace vessel leases Chile Apr 21, 22:50 (GMT + 9): SUBPESCA launches benthic resource management plan for Ancud Bay Netherlands Apr 21, 22:50 (GMT + 9): Aqua-Spark raises firther funds for aquaculture businesses United Kingdom Apr 21, 22:00 (GMT + 9): Swansea Bay Tidal Lagoon offers prospects for aquaculture Spain Apr 21, 21:40 (GMT + 9): Microplastics pollution assessed in waters and sediments of Galicia and Cantabria Indonesia Apr 21, 04:00 (GMT + 9): IN BRIEF - Fish farm project helps Indonesian trafficking victims rebuild lives Lenguaje FEATURED EVENTS    TOP STORIES EUR 5.3 million fine set to six companies and persons involved in IUU fishing Spain The Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries, Food and the Environment has decided to impose an economic sanction of almost EUR 5.3 million on six companies and six natural persons involved in illegal fishing operations. Half of Mexican aquaculture farms produce tilapia today Mexico Tilapia is one of the fish species produced in the Mexican aquaculture farms having greater consumption and popularity, and it represents a food solution for the population of Mexico. Canned tuna giants continue to hold the industry back, according to Greenpeace United States In its second-ever canned tuna ranking, Greenpeace found that a number of US retailers have made significant progress toward offering consumers more sustainable and ethical products but this has not happened with the three main brands of these products in the country. An 'internal GPS' would guide eels in their migration to European rivers United States NOAA scientists have discovered that European eels have a sort of internal GPS or global positioning system tuned to the Earth’s magnetic field, which they use as a map to orient themselves during their long ocean journeys.   Copyright 1995 - 2017 Fish Info & Services Co.Ltd| All Rights Reserved.   DISCLAIMER  
Search Contact Us Home News Artists Songs Videos Top 10 Store Festivals RISERS Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Follow on Instagram subscribe via RSSTip Us Trending: Carrie Underwood, Predators Fan Jake Owen Girlfriend Lady Gaga Going Country RISERS Original Songs Willie Nelson Launching Outlaw Music Festival Tour With Bob Dylan, Sheryl Crow By Mike Thiel April 22, 2017 10:00 AM SHARE TWEET EMAIL EMAIL REDDIT Taylor Hill, Getty Images Willie Nelson is launching a summer tour that’s as genre-bending as the country icon’s never ending music catalog. The Outlaw Music Festival Tour hits the road in July with Nelson sharing the bill with a variety of acts including Bob Dylan, Jason Isbell, Sheryl Crow, Margo Price, the Avett Brothers, My Morning Jacket, Lukas Nelson and Promise of the Real, Nathaniel Rateliff & the Night Sweats and more. Additional shows and artists for the tour have yet to be announced. So far six shows have been announced, all in July. This tour stems from the success of September’s one-day Outlaw Music Festival in Scranton, Pa. For this tour, Nelson will be making his first stop in New Orleans, followed by Dallas, Rogers, Ark., Detroit, Milwaukee and Syracuse, N.Y. Country Singers Who’ve Admitted to Smoking Marijuana Image of Nelson releases his new album God’s Problem Child on April 28, the day before his 84th birthday. The Country Hall of Famer held a special listening session at Sirius XM’s Music City Theatre in early April, revealing new tracks such as “Still Not Dead,” “It Gets Easier” and “He Won’t Ever Be Gone.” Tickets for the Outlaw Music Festival Tour went on sale April 21. Willie Nelson Outlaw Music Festival Tour Dates: July 1 — New Orleans, La. @ Shrine on Airline (Willie Nelson & Family, the Avett Brothers, Sheryl Crow, Lukas Nelson and Promise of the Real, More TBA) July 2 — Dallas, Texas @ Starplex Pavilion (Willie Nelson & Family, Sheryl Crow, the Avett Brothers, Hayes Carll, Margo Price, Lukas Nelson and Promise of the Real) July 6 — Rogers, Ark. @ Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion (Willie Nelson & Family, Jason Isbell and the 400 Unit, Sheryl Crow, Margo Price, Lukas Nelson and Promise of the Real) July 8 — Detroit, Mich. @ Joe Louis Arena (Willie Nelson & Family, Bob Dylan and His Band, Jason Isbell and the 400 Unit, Sheryl Crow, Lukas Nelson and Promise of the Real) July 9 — Milwaukee, Wisc. @ Summerfest (Willie Nelson & Family, Bob Dylan and His Band, Sheryl Crow, Jason Isbell and the 400 Unit, Nathaniel Rateliff & the Night Sweats, Margo Price, Lukas Nelson and Promise of the Real) July 16 — Syracuse, N.Y. @ Lakeview Amphitheater (Willie Nelson & Family, My Morning Jacket, Sheryl Crow, Margo Price) Shotgun Willie for Real! Watch Nelson’s Story Subscribe to Taste of Country on See Willie Nelson Through the Years Image of Next: Willie Nelson's Publicist Denies Death Rumors Filed Under: Willie Nelson Category: Country Music News | Live Country Music SHARE TWEET EMAIL More Leave a comment EMAIL Print this page Pin it! REDDIT Share on Tumblr! Recommended For You ZergNet Around the Web ZergNet Best of Taste of Country Billy Currington Stays Up ‘Til The Sun in Sayreville [Pictures] True Grit: Glen Campbell’s Career in Pictures 13 Country Singers Who’ve Admitted to Smoking Marijuana Country Weddings and Engagements in 2017 (So Far) Leave a Comment RISERS Live 7 Original Performances Best from the ACM Red Carpet Latest News Featured Jake Owen Is Dating Someone New April 20, 2017 1:18 PM Billy Currington Stays Up ‘Til The Sun in Sayreville [Pictures] April 22, 2017 5:00 PM Dean Dillon Wonders ‘Where Are All the Great Songs’ on Country Radio April 22, 2017 4:00 PM Martina McBride Thrilled Over Husband’s Healthy Lifestyle Change April 22, 2017 3:00 PM Chris Janson Shares ‘Timely’ New Song, ‘Everybody’ [Watch] April 22, 2017 2:00 PM Shania Twain Confesses She Once Peed Herself Due to Stage Fright April 22, 2017 1:00 PM Brad Paisley, John Fogerty Raise Awareness for Veterans in ‘Love and War’ Video April 22, 2017 12:00 PM Justin Moore Worried Oldest Daughter Will Move Out if Baby Is a Girl April 22, 2017 11:00 AM Willie Nelson Launching Outlaw Music Festival Tour With Bob Dylan, Sheryl Crow April 22, 2017 10:00 AM Country's Best Couples Sign up for our newsletter Sign up for our newsletter! Country Stars Who've Tried It Photo Galleries Billy Currington Stays Up ‘Til The Sun in Sayreville [Pictures] April 22, 2017 5:00 PM True Grit: Glen Campbell’s Career in Pictures April 22, 2017 9:00 AM 13 Country Singers Who’ve Admitted to Smoking Marijuana April 20, 2017 3:41 PM Country Weddings and Engagements in 2017 (So Far) April 16, 2017 9:15 AM Alabama: Live Through the Years [Pictures] April 15, 2017 5:00 PM Taste Of Country Network Contact Us Privacy Advertise Mobile App Welcome back to Taste of Country It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! Welcome back to Taste of Country It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://tasteofcountry.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to Taste of Country (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here Taste of Country brought to you by: Sign up for Taste of Country Register Now Sign up for Taste of Country quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! Taste of Country brought to you by: Taste of Country Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live earthtv wishes you a happy Earth Day! RADAR: Strong Storms Moving Through Southern US Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbor Bald eagle and family in Fort Myers, FL Live look at the beach surf from Jacksonville Pier Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass from the Bass Rocks Ocean Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Rescued Tennessee teenager Elizabeth Thomas rests at home with her family More ABC News' Eva Pilgrim takes viewers on an exclusive tour of the cabin where Thomas was held after being kidnapped by her teacher, Tad Cummins. 2:11 | 04/22/17 ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Now Playing: {{currentVideo.title}} Resume Playing Video More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Play Video Comments Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for Rescued Tennessee teenager Elizabeth Thomas rests at home with her family We move on to another major story, that rescued teenager Elizabeth Thomas who said to be resting after reuniting with her family six weeks after she was allegedly kidnapped by her former teacher and this morning we're getting an exclusive tour of the cabin where that nationwide manhunt came to an end and ABC's Eva pilgrim is in Columbia, Tennessee, with the latest on all of this. Eva, good morning to you. Reporter: Good morning. Dan, Elizabeth Thomas is back in Tennessee but this morning we are learning more about those days before authorities were able to find her. This morning, a look inside the remote California cabin where a Tennessee teacher and his 15-year-old former student were finally found. 50-year-old tad Cummins in FBI custody and facing federal charges after allegedly kidnapping Elizabeth Thomas and going on the run for over a month. ABC news getting an exclusive tour of that. Inside plywood wall, leftover food sitting on bare floors, toilet paper and very little else. Search warrant papers. Reporter: These documents left behind listing some of the items seized as evidence. Bed rolls, sock, beer cans. The two disappearing March 13th from Columbia, Tennessee, an affidavit saying the pair stayed at a super motel 8 in Oklahoma City where going to that Walmart caught on surveillance video. The pair moving to a super 8 in Guymon, Oklahoma before arriving at this northern California cabin approximately two weeks ago. The two temporarily moving on to a nearby commune but not accepted into the group. There were all kinds of indications that something a little strange going on. Reporter: The two returning to the cabin where caretaker griffin Barry says he saw an amber alert poster and called authorities. Surrounded Cummins surrendered without incident. All right, Elizabeth and her family are at a safe location, comfortable and resting. Her family telling me they are overjoyed to have her home. Guys. Eva, we know you've been reporting on this from the very beginning. This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Inside the isolated cabin where Elizabeth Thomas and Tad Cummins were found The tiny cabin where authorities found former Tennessee teacher Tad Cummins and his 15-year-old student, Elizabeth Thomas, is nestled in the woods in a remote, mountainous area of inland, northernmost California near the Oregon border. Missing Tenn. student Elizabeth Thomas found, former teacher Tad Cummins arrested in California Former Tennessee teacher Tad Cummins, who is accused of kidnapping his 15-year-old student, has been arrested in northern California after more than a month on the run, according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. ABC News visits cabin where alleged abductor Tad Cummins was arrested Authorities arrested Tad Cummins after finding him with his 15-year-old former student, Elizabeth Thomas, at a cabin in Cecilville, CA. Now Playing: Inside the isolated cabin where Elizabeth Thomas and Tad Cummins were found Now Playing: Missing Tenn. student Elizabeth Thomas found, former teacher Tad Cummins arrested in California Now Playing: ABC News visits cabin where alleged abductor Tad Cummins was arrested Now Playing: Kidnapped Tennessee teen found in remote cabin Now Playing: Celebrating Earth Day Now Playing: American Airlines confrontation caught on camera Now Playing: Countdown to Trump's 100th day in office Now Playing: Possible government shutdown on the horizon Now Playing: Rescued Tennessee teenager Elizabeth Thomas rests at home with her family Now Playing: Balancing need for questioning and healing in first days after kidnapped Tennessee teen found Now Playing: Police officer fights to get back on the force after tragic accident Now Playing: Caitlyn Jenner opens up about her relationship with her kids Now Playing: Obsession with beauty and how it can become a sickness Now Playing: Actor Chris Pratt receives a star on Hollywood's 'Walk of Fame' Now Playing: How to make chef George Duran's Spanish tortilla with veggies Now Playing: Rosario Dawson opens up about 'Unforgettable' Now Playing: How the White House may respond to China and North Korea Now Playing: Beyonce wins Peabody for 'Lemonade' Now Playing: Finalists in Goldfish's stop-motion animation video contest announced on 'GMA' Now Playing: Starbucks barista flips out over new Unicorn frappuccino Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":46954489,"title":"Rescued Tennessee teenager Elizabeth Thomas rests at home with her family","duration":"2:11","description":"ABC News' Eva Pilgrim takes viewers on an exclusive tour of the cabin where Thomas was held after being kidnapped by her teacher, Tad Cummins.","url":"/GMA/video/rescued-tennessee-teenager-elizabeth-thomas-rests-home-family-46954489","section":"GMA","mediaType":"default"} Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
Home About Contact Membership Store Donate USA Canada Latin America Africa Middle East Europe Russia Asia Oceania Notre site en Français: mondialisation.ca Italiano Deutsch Português srpski العربية Globalizacion | Asia-Pacific Research Global Research grtv youtube twitter facebook rss US Nato War Economy Civil Rights Environment Poverty Media Justice 9/11 War Crimes Militarization History Science From Earth Day to the Monsanto Tribunal, Capitalism on Trial By Colin Todhunter Global Research, April 22, 2017 Theme: Biotechnology and GMO, Environment, Law and Justice World Environment Day (WED) occurs on 5 June every year. Promoted by the United Nations, its aim is to encourage global awareness and action for the protection of the environment. Since its inauguration in 1974, WED has helped bring attention to various issues, including global warming, sustainable consumption and wildlife crime. We also have Earth Day, celebrated annually on 22 April. On this day. various events are held across the globe to demonstrate support for environmental protection. Earth Day dates back to 1970. Given the threats to the environment, these two symbolic days in the calendar promote laudable aims. For instance, consider that a range of species are endangered due to poaching and habitat destruction. The scaly anteater is probably the most trafficked mammal on earth. Over a million of these have been taken from the wild in the past decade alone. The illegal trade in live apes is also rife, and many other species across the planet are being trafficked. The vast illegal trade in wildlife products is pushing whole species towards extinction, including elephants, rhinos, big cats, gorillas and sea turtles. Driven by a growing demand for illegally sourced wildlife products, the illicit trade has escalated into a global crisis. Thousands of species are internationally traded and used by people in their daily lives. Former UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has called on UN agencies and various partners to provide a co-ordinated response to wildlife crime and spread the message that there should be zero tolerance for poaching. As part of a wider approach, a strategy is being developed to create greater public awareness of the issue at hand, which will hopefully lead to reduced demand for wildlife products. Palm oil and environmental destruction As commendable as these aims are, however, on their own they will not be enough to save species or their habitat. That’s because the interests of powerful actors must be taken into account and the economic system they perpetuate has to be challenged. For instance, between 2000 and 2009 Indonesia supplied more than half of the global palm oil market at an annual expense of some 340,000 hectares of Indonesian countryside. Planned expansion could wipe out the remaining natural habitat of several endangered species. This is a ludicrous situation considering that Brazil and Indonesia spent over 100 times more in subsidies to industries that cause deforestation than they received in international conservation aid from the UN to prevent it. The two countries gave over $40bn in subsidies to the palm oil, timber, soy, beef and biofuels sectors between 2009 and 2012, some 126 times more than the $346m they received to preserve their rain forests. If we want to see how not to manage the world’s wildlife and natural habitats, we need look no further than India, which is the world’s leading importer of palm oil, accounting for around 15% of the global supply. India imports over two-­thirds of its palm oil from Indonesia. Until the mid-1990s, India was virtually self-sufficient in edible oils. Under pressure from the WTO, import tariffs were reduced, leading to an influx of cheap (subsidised) edible oil imports that domestic farmers could not compete with. This was a deliberate policy that effectively devastated the home-grown edible oils sector (see this) and served the interests of palm oil growers and US grain and agriculture commodity company Cargill, which helped write international trade rules to secure access to the Indian market on its terms. Indonesia leads the world in global palm oil production, but palm oil plantations have too often replaced tropical forests, leading to the killing of endangered species and the uprooting of local communities as well as contributing to the release of climate-changing gases (see this analysis). Indonesia emits more greenhouse gases than any country besides China and the US and that’s largely due to the production of palm oil. The issue of palm oil is one example from the many that could be provided to highlight how the drive to facilitate corporate need and profit trumps any notion of environmental protection. Whether it is in Indonesia, Latin America or elsewhere, transnational agribusiness – and the system of industrialised agriculture it promotes – fuels much of the environmental destruction we see today. Without addressing the impacts and nature of corporate imperialism and a wholly corrupt neoliberal capitalism that privileges corporations and profit ahead of people and conservation, Earth Day or World Environment Day will continue to send out a valuable message but will have minimal impact. The devastating nature of chemical-intensive industrial farming, its geopolitical role and its massive environmental, social and health costs has been highlighted at length in previous article I’ve written. There is no need to go over this again here. But one of the guilty parties which perpetuates this model of agriculture is of course Monsanto. The Monsanto Tribunal Earth Day came a few days after the legal opinion offered by the five international judges who presided over the Monsanto Tribunal in The Hague. The judges concluded that Monsanto has engaged in practices that have impinged on the basic human right to a healthy environment, the right to food and the right to health. Monsanto’s conduct also has had a negative impact on the right of scientists to freely conduct indispensable research. The judges additionally concluded that a gap remains between the commitments and the reality of environmental protection. The Tribunal concluded that if ecocide were formally recognised as a crime in international criminal law, the activities of Monsanto could possibly constitute a crime of ecocide too. The Tribunal called for the need to assert the primacy of international human and environmental rights law. However, it was also careful to note that an existing set of legal rules is currently in place to protect investors’ rights in the framework of the World Trade Organization and in bilateral investment treaties and in clauses in free-trade agreements. These provisions undermine the capacity of nations to maintain policies, laws and practices protecting human and environmental rights, not least because key questions of human and environmental rights violations are to be resolved by private tribunals operating entirely outside the United Nations framework and the legal systems of nation states (see ‘Clear and Present Danger to Democracy‘, which highlights the disturbing shift in power as a result of investor trade dispute settlement provisions written into trade and investment agreements). The Tribunal denounced the severe disparity between the rights of multinational corporations and their obligations. Capitalism on trial While the Monsanto Tribunal saw that company being put on trial and being found guilty of human rights violations, including crimes against the environment, in a sense we also witnessed global capitalism on trial. Monsanto and other powerful corporations can only operate as they do because of a framework designed to allow them to capture governments and regulatory bodies, to use the WTO and bilateral trade deals to lever global influence, to profit on the back of US militarism (Iraq) and destabilisations (Ukraine), to exert undue influence over science and politics and to rake in enormous profits. The World Bank’s ‘Enabling the Business of Agriculture’ and its ongoing commitment to a wholly corrupt and rigged model of globalisation is a further recipe for plunder, corruption and the concentration of power and wealth in the hands of the few. Whether it involves Monsanto, Cargill or the type of corporate power grab of African agriculture that Bill Gates is helping to spearhead, global capitalism (under the project of ‘globalisation’) will continue to ensure this happens while hiding behind platitudes about ‘free trade’ and ‘development’. Brazil and Indonesia are subsidising private corporations to effectively destroy the environment through their practices. Canada and the UK are working with the GMO biotech sector to facilitate its needs. And India is facilitating the destruction of its agrarian base according to World Bank directives for the benefit of the likes of Monsanto, Bayer and Cargill. “The Indo-US Knowledge Initiative in Agriculture with agribusinesses like Monsanto, WalMart, Archer Daniels Midland, Cargill and ITC in its Board made efforts to turn the direction of agricultural research and policy in such a manner as to cater their demands for profit maximisation. Companies like Monsanto during the Vietnam War produced tonnes and tonnes of “Agent Orange” unmindful of its consequences for Vietnamese people as it raked in super profits and that character remains.” Communist Party of India (Marxist) These powerful corporations increasingly hold sway over a globalised system of food and agriculture from seed to plate. And with major mergers within the agribusiness sector in the pipeline, power will be further monopolised and the situation is likely to worsen. The overall narrative about farming has been shaped to benefit the interests of this handful of wealthy, politically influential corporations whereby commercial interest trumps any notion of the public good. We require transparency, accountability and a system of decision making that does not take place within the overbearing shadow of commercial influence. However, in capitalism, the state’s primary role is to secure the interests of private capital. The institutions of globalised capitalism – from the World Bank, the IMF and the WTO right down to the compliant bureaucracies of national states or supranational unions – facilitate private wealth accumulation that results in the forms of structural inequalities and violence (unemployment, poverty, population displacement, bad food, poor health, environmental destruction, etc.) that have become ‘accepted’ as necessary (for ‘growth’) and taken for granted within mainstream media and political narratives. When referring to Western countries, those narratives like to use the euphemism ‘austerity’ for deregulation, privatisation and gross inequalities and hardship, while hiding being the mantra ‘there is no alternative’. When referring to places like India or Africa, they use the euphemism ‘assisting development’ for corporate imperialism, while hiding behind the term ‘investing in’. In the cynical world of ‘free’ market capitalism, an interlocking directorate of corporate interests have for a long time ensured that state institutions and international bodies are shaped and manipulated to facilitate the interests of private capital. If the current myths about the necessity for perpetuating the stranglehold of capitalism go unchallenged and real alternatives are not offered or supported, we will see accelerated environmental destruction and human rights violations by powerful private interests and a dangerous march towards increasing militarism and possible nuclear conflict as a moribund capitalism approaches its ultimate crisis. The original source of this article is Global Research Copyright © Colin Todhunter, Global Research, 2017 Comment on Global Research Articles on our Facebook page Become a Member of Global Research Articles by: Colin Todhunter About the author:Colin Todhunter is an extensively published independent writer and former social policy researcher. Originally from the UK, he has spent many years in India. His website is www.colintodhunter.com https://twitter.com/colin_todhunter Disclaimer: The contents of this article are of sole responsibility of the author(s). The Centre for Research on Globalization will not be responsible for any inaccurate or incorrect statement in this article. The Center of Research on Globalization grants permission to cross-post original Global Research articles on community internet sites as long as the text & title are not modified. The source and the author's copyright must be displayed. For publication of Global Research articles in print or other forms including commercial internet sites, contact: [email protected] www.globalresearch.ca contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available to our readers under the provisions of "fair use" in an effort to advance a better understanding of political, economic and social issues. The material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving it for research and educational purposes. If you wish to use copyrighted material for purposes other than "fair use" you must request permission from the copyright owner. For media inquiries: [email protected] Latest News & Top Stories What Kind of Sarin Poisoned the Political Will of World Leaders? Independent Media: Providing the Truth about Empire and Repression Breaking: Israeli Air Force Missile Strikes Syrian Army Positions, Israel Comes to the Rescue of Al Qaeda Terrorists Condemn US Military Strike on Syria! Demand Canada Oppose this Wanton Aggression! Is Another North Korea Nuclear Test Imminent? How Will Washington Respond? US Nuclear Attack “On the Table”? Earth Day 2017: Making Peace with the Planet Won’t Be Easy US Defense Secretary Targets Syria with Chemical Weapons Allegations The Reason Behind the Sales-Surge for Nuclear-Proof Bunkers U.S.: ‘No Doubt’ That Villain-Of-The-Day Has Banned Weapons Geopolitical Hotspots, Global Economy, US War Plans: South China Sea, Yemen and Beyond Syria Chemical Weapons Attack: Without Any In Situ Inspection, OPCW Confirms “Sarin Exposure” Selected Articles: Earth Day 2017. Humans are the Most Destructive Species on Planet Earth From Earth Day to the Monsanto Tribunal, Capitalism on Trial Selected Articles: The Truth About the Chemical Weapons Attacks in Syria Video: Battle for Northern Hama. US Troops at the Syrian-Jordanian Border Most Popular All Articles News Themes Terrorism Biotechnology and GMO Crimes against Humanity Culture, Society & History Environment Global Economy Intelligence Law and Justice Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Civil Rights Politics and Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights I-Books Series IN-DEPTH REPORTS UKRAINE REPORT SYRIA: NATO’S NEXT WAR? IRAN: THE NEXT WAR? IRAQ REPORT AFGHANISTAN CLIMATE CHANGE CRIMINALIZE WAR DEPLETED URANIUM FAKE INTELLIGENCE HAITI NATO’S WAR ON LIBYA NORTH KOREA NUCLEAR WAR OCCUPY WALL STREET PAKISTAN PALESTINE THE BALKANS GLOBAL RESEARCH VIDEOS The global research news hour U.S. Elections Join us on Facebook Partner Websites Project Censored Stop NATO Strategic Culture Foundation The Corbett Report Washington's Blog youtube twitter facebook rss Global Research News I-BOOKS SERIES Countries Index Authors Index Most Popular Links Contact Membership Online Store Themes Geographic Regions US NATO War Agenda Global Economy Crimes against Humanity Militarization and WMD Law and Justice Police State & Civil Rights Culture, Society & History 9/11 & ‘War on Terrorism’ Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Police State & Civil Rights Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights USA Canada Middle East & North Africa Latin America & Caribbean Europe sub-Saharan Africa Russia and FSU Asia Oceania GlobalResearch Center for Research on Globalization Privacy Policy Copyright © 2005-2017 GlobalResearch.ca
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 22 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Consumer Health and Wellness in Latin America Focus of New Strategic Partnership MEXICO CITY, Apr. 19 /CSRwire/ –  The Consumer Goods Forum (CGF) and PAHO Foundation have today signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to signal their commitment to collaboration for healthier lives in Latin America. The MoU states that both parties agree to work together to foster innovation leading to improved health and wellness outcomes in the region. The MoU also states that the PAHO Foundation recognizes the unique ability of the CGF Latin America Board of Directors to speak on behalf of the industry in its relationship with external stakeholders. This important, cross-sectoral partnership emphasizes how more can be achieved by working collaboratively – an idea central to the CGF’s mission. As the only organization bringing consumer goods retailers and manufacturers together globally, the CGF is uniquely placed to support PAHO Foundation’s mission to improve the lives of people in Latin America through innovation and strategic partnerships. As part of the MoU, both parties agree to identify opportunities for collaboration and engage in an open dialogue, as they look to coordinate their respective efforts to improve health and wellness in Latin America. This is based on the collective belief that: Health and wellness is the foundation of productive and prosperous societies and an important component of the economy; Society benefits from jointly leveraging the capabilities of the private sector in combination with those of government and non-governmental organizations to help people lead healthier lives; Health and wellness is a priority as is the need to promote innovation, including through public-private partnerships; The parties believe in sharing information and best practices that lead to promoting healthy lifestyles among all sectors of society; and Health and wellness in Latin America can be improved by: (i) building relationships, improving communications, and enhancing cooperation and coordination among public and private sector stakeholders; (ii) identifying health and wellness challenges in Latin America; (iii) investigating the causes of these challenges in Latin America; (iv) identifying, testing, and implementing potential solutions to health and wellness challenges in Latin America; and (v) mobilizing the resources needed to accomplish the foregoing. Carlos Mario Giraldo Moreno, CEO and President of Grupo Exito, and retailer Co-Chair of the CGF’s Latin America Board, said, “We retailers play a vital role in the lives of our shoppers and food is a central part of life. Good food is one of the cornerstones of health. I am proud to see our industry help shoppers better understand nutrition so they can make great choices for themselves and their families. In that spirit, we enter this collaborative relationship with PAHO Foundation because they share our values around helping the people of Latin America lead healthier lives. Today we are beginning an alliance that has far-reaching potential to improve the quality of life in the region. It is an effort that leverages the best capabilities of our industry.” Daniel Servitje, Chairman and CEO of Grupo Bimbo, and manufacturer Co-Chair of the CGF’s Latin American Board, said, “This is an important day for our industry and our consumers. Today we have agreed to work collaboratively with PAHO Foundation, to promote health and well-being for people throughout Latin America. This agreement reflects our willingness to work for those we serve. We want all people to be healthy, lead active lives and realize their fullest potential. I am proud of this first step in what will be a vitally important, shared journey.” Enrique Ostalé, President and CEO, Walmart Latin America, India and Africa, and member of the CGF’s Latin America Board, said, “I am very pleased with this partnership between The Consumer Goods Forum and the PAHO Foundation and with the opportunity to align our efforts around health and wellness in Latin America. The PAHO Foundation plays a critical role in improving public health across the region and has excelled in its technical capacity while collaborating with the private sector to drive real results. Helping communities to live healthier lives is at the heart of our mutual work, and both of our organizations are committed to enabling a brighter future for people across the Americas.” Dr Jennie Ward-Robinson, PAHO Foundation President and CEO, said, “Signing this MoU marks the dawn of addressing public health in the region by leveraging the power of private and public partnerships.” The MoU is also the latest in a group of initiatives from The Consumer Goods Forum in Latin American. Last year, the organization established its first regional Board of Directors and is now working on a pilot in the region to support consumer education and empower consumers to make healthier choices. Through the CGF’s Health & Wellness Pillar, the organization also recently published a report noting members had reformulated 180,000 products in 2016, removing ingredients like sugar and salt and adding whole grains and vitamins, while over 30,000 communities worldwide have been involved in industry-led programs that promote healthier diets and lifestyles. To learn more about the CGF’s Health & Wellness work, visit www.tcgfhealthandwellness.com.   About The Consumer Goods Forum The Consumer Goods Forum (“CGF”) is a global, parity-based industry network that is driven by its members to encourage the global adoption of practices and standards that serves the consumer goods industry worldwide. It brings together the CEOs and senior management of some 400 retailers, manufacturers, service providers, and other stakeholders across 70 countries, and it reflects the diversity of the industry in geography, size, product category and format. Its member companies have combined sales of EUR 3.5 trillion and directly employ nearly 10 million people, with a further 90 million related jobs estimated along the value chain. It is governed by its Board of Directors, which comprises more than 50 manufacturer and retailer CEOs. For more information, please visit: www.theconsumergoodsforum.com. About PAHO Foundation Improving the health and wellbeing of the people of the Americas is at the heart of PAHO Foundation’s work. As an independent nonprofit 501(c)3 organization, we are committed to enabling better health and a brighter future for people across the region. Our mission is to develop programs, share insight and collaborate with experts and partners to have a profound, positive impact on seemingly intractable public health problems that threaten the health and prosperity of people in the Americas. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Business Roundtable Report Highlights MGM Resorts’ Sustainability Achievements Next PostNext March For Science – San Francisco Celebrates the Vital Role of Science on April 22 Search Recent Posts Communiqué of the Thirty-Fifth Meeting of the IMFC QNET Provides Legitimate Employment Opportunities in India, According to IMLM Investigative Report The Most Compact E-Series – Airwheel E3 intelligent foldable e bike GayUSAPages.com is now GayPages.com Brad Nierenberg – Relying on Important Features of Corporate Culture and Its Effect on Profitability Proudly powered by WordPress
MENU Home Login Subscription Options CREATE NEW – Home Delivery Subscription MAKE HOME DELIVERY PAYMENT HERE CREATE NEW – Online Only Subscription Contact UFO Store PUZZLES Crosswords Sudoku How to Clear Cache MENU Newspaper E-Newpaper Sunday Comics NEWS Local News Local News Local News Dining Guide Dining Guide Local Business Review Local Business Review Positively Roswell Positively Roswell Vistas Sports Local Sports AP Auto Racing AP Baseball AP Basketball AP Football AP Golf AP Soccer AP Tennis Obituaries In Memory Records Public/Police Public Record Police Blotter Classifieds Listings Local Classifieds Listings Legal Notice Ads Opinion Editorial Editorial Dear Editor Magazines Lifestyles Travel & Dining Guide Screens Magazine Vision Magazine Special Sections AP News News Feed Business Entertainment National News State News World News 1 Username: 1 Four Paws Pet Pantry fills a need April 22, 2017 • Local News Volunteers come into St. Andrew’s Episcopal Church, 505 North Pennsylvania Ave. to help fill bags with dog food for the Four Paws Pet Pantry. Cynthia Mosher and her grand daughter Madison are among the volunteers that keep the pantry going. The pet pantry gives away gallon zip lock bags of dog food every third Wednesday of the month from 4 to 6 p.m. (Curtis Michaels Photo) Four Paws Pet Pantry started small and grew fast. Sally Wistrand is the coordinator, and she has been pleased to see this project serve so well. “It grew very fast,” Wistrand said. “The first month we did this, we handed out 43 bags of food, which wasn’t bad for a first time out. That was in February of last year. In March, we handed out 243 bags of food. In April of last year we handed out 393 bags of food. The following month we handed out about 400. We’ve [auth] had people come here from Hagerman and Artesia. I assume they work here. We also have a number of homeless people that we help.” Four Paws has limits on how much they can help. “We hand out gallon-sized bags of dog food,” Wistrand said. “If your dog is small to medium, you get one bag per dog. If you’ve got a large dog, anything over 50 pounds, then we’ll give you two bags for that dog. It is not meant to get you through a month. It is to get you through a crisis.” The first round of distributions made clear to Wistrand that they had to set boundaries. They chose limits that were already in place. “Since the city has a limit of five animals without a kennel license,” Wistrand said, “that seems like a practical limit. We use it to educate them about the fact that there is a kennel license law and we’re not here to be the kennel police. I also tell them that the city is aware that we are doing this and if they ask to see our records, we’ll certainly give them access.” Wistrand said that most people have no problem with the limits they’ve had to set. “I’ve not had anybody ever be ugly,” Wistrand said. “Somebody in the community asked me, ‘Do you think they lie to you?’ and I said, ‘I don’t know, and I’m not going to check.’ I expect 99 percent of the people are exactly as they present.” More importantly, she’s grateful when she learns how they’ve made a difference. “I was at my vet’s about four months into the program,” Wistrand said, “and one of the women in the waiting room asked me if I was with Four Paws Pet Pantry. I said that I was and she said that because of the food we gave her, she was able to bring her dogs in and get the shots that they needed.” They have a good volunteer base, but with more of them, they could help more pet owners. “I can always use more volunteers,” Wistrand said. “We have a core group of church members who are very reliable and we appreciate them. We’ve had a few of the people we’ve helped who came back and volunteered. We’ve also had people who’ve kept their Ziploc bags and brought them back in.” Since Four Paws was started, they’ve built some solid relationships in the community. “Tractor Supply has donated food to us,” Wistrand said. “About three times a year, they do a turnover with their food, and when they do that, they’ve made a commitment to give the old food to us. One time they gave us 700 pounds of food. Wal-Mart and Petco give food to the Humane Society.” Wistrand said her participation with the Humane Society has been beneficial all around. “I am on the board of the Humane Society,” Wistrand said. “They’ve been getting hit regularly with owner release lately. I’ve told them that any time someone wants to do an owner release and the only reason they want to do it is because they can’t afford the food, give them my number and I’ll work with them. “Out of that came a kind of a relationship between us. The Humane Society is careful about what they feed the animals because they monitor the stools, looking for illness. For example, if the food has coloring in it, that can distort the stool. So now they call and say they’ve got food for us. It is a great give and take. Sometimes, people bring us canned cat food. I don’t turn it away, but we can’t do anything with it here, so I take it to the Humane Society.” Wistrand hopes to expand Four Paws services into other pet related needs. “We are in the grant writing process,” Wistrand said, “to see if we can add spay/neuter to our program.” The program seems to have reached its peak, but Wistrand and Father Dale Plummer of St. Andrew’s Episcopal Church — the location of the pantry — are happy to see it grow to fill its potential. “At this moment we seem to have reached a plateau of about 400 bags a month,” Wistrand said. “If the program grows to two days a month,” Plummer said, “it would probably need to move to a bigger space.” Wistrand is always glad to welcome help. “If you want to volunteer,” Wistrand said, “or if you need help and you want to come help us bag, we do it as a rule on the second Monday of every month, but if you want to do it another time, contact me. There is a concern about donations. “If people want to donate, we will not take open bags. Things can fall into an open bag that could make a dog sick or worse.” To pick up some dog food, bring a photo ID — and do not bring your pets — to St. Andrew’s Episcopal Church, 505 N. Pennsylvania Ave., on the third Wednesday of every month from 4 to 6 p.m. To contact Wistrand about volunteering or getting help, call her at 575-312-3744. Features reporter Curtis M. Michaels can be reached at 575-622-7710, ext. 205, or at reporter04@rdrnews.com. Related Posts About the Author: Curtis Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « This little piggy had fun posing for fans Roswell High student admits to starting shooting rumor, police say » Business Review Roswell Federal Credit Union – A Financial Cooperative Dining Guide El Toro Bravo Positively Roswell Mildred Swenson celebrates 102 years Officials: Woman accused of DWI after crashing car 3 times April 22, 2017 Police trying to ID suspect in store incident before crash April 22, 2017 Police: Woman killed by own car in apparent accident April 22, 2017 Teenagers arrested in beating death of Torrance County woman April 22, 2017 Young entrepreneurs launch their own startups in Las Cruces April 22, 2017 New Mexico Legislature sues governor in escalating conflict April 21, 2017 Official: VA sees curbing veteran suicides as top priority April 21, 2017 Santa Fe Police step up efforts to curb drunken driving April 21, 2017 New Mexico company plans to end coal-fired electric power April 21, 2017 Australian man killed in New Mexico motorcycle crash April 21, 2017 © 2017 Roswell Daily Record | Roswell Area News | Proudly sponsoring The Roswell Incident Project since 2016! Web directory script
LewRockwell.com ANTI-STATE•ANTI-WAR•PRO-MARKET Show Menu Archives Authors Blog Books & Resources Lew Rockwell Books Ron Paul Books Murray N. Rothbard Library & Resources Mises Institute LRC Bestselling Books Political Theatre Podcasts Store About Contact Donate Advertise Trade Deficits Don’t Matter Walter E. Block https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/trade-deficits-dont-matter/ From: L Sent: Tuesday, April 18, 2017 4:48 PM To: wblock@loyno.edu Subject: Trade Deficit Hello Dr. Block. I have always appreciated your ability to use everyday examples as metaphors of economic and liberty principles. I respect your opinions and ability to explain them. You are one of my heroes. Now that the butt kissing is over, I have one topic that has bugged me and I don’t recall you ever addressing it. I have been in conversation and e-mail contact with people who are not concerned about our continuing trade deficit. It seems to me that many economists, and I mean especially economists, do not perceive the real threat that the trade deficit exposes and the sociological and demographic dangers that a continued trade deficit will cause. Economists tend to be narrowly focused upon charts, graphs, numbers and statistics and forget to analyse the human actions that will evolve from our decisions. I am not going into that concern because that is a lengthy essay in itself, but this trade deficit issue is the origin of another matter that concerns me. When I express concern about the trade deficit, I repeatedly hear the cliche of how we had an extended trade deficit in the last half of the 19th century and we prospered greatly. I contend that this mythical trade deficit is a preposterous fraud used to convince students that deficits don’t matter. The trade deficit does seem to appear around 1849 and continue through the 1870s. This is what the statistical data indicates, but I am convinced that the statistical data is missing a huge technical anomaly that actually destroys the trade deficit myth. In 1849 we had a gold rush that lasted for several decades. So much gold and silver were being mined that we built a San Francisco mint and a Carson City mint. Numerous private mints also sprang up to fill in the gap in minting coin. In effect, we had money machines out west. Gold in the form of coin is considered money and not mining or fabricated production, even though it is both. For instance, if I mined 10 ounces of gold, refined it and put 5 ounces into a press to form an ashtray, that would be considered product. If I take the remaining 5 ounces of gold to the mint to be pressed into 5 one ounce gold coins, that is not considered product. that is considered money. If I trade my ashtray for a saddle from England, we have a trade balance. If I trade my 5 gold coins for a saddle from England, we have a trade deficit. My contention is that we did not have a trade deficit in the last half of the 19th century. We had a technical accounting anomaly that appears to be a trade deficit. Our product was money. What concerns me more is that this myth persists among many economists that teach our children. I thank you for reading this far. I would appreciate your opinion on this subject. Your humble servant: L Dear L: I have a gigantic trade deficit with McDonalds and Wal-Mart. They, rascals that they are, never bought ANYTHING from me. Not a penny’s worth. On the other hand, I have a huge trade surplus with my employer, Loyola University New Orleans. They pay me a very decent salary, and I purchase a pittance from them: a few books, a few meals and parking fees. Should I be worried that in my own small way I am ruining the economy? That is silly, surely. I don’t much care about what happened in the 19th century in this regard. Who buys what from whom simply doesn’t matter. New Orleans has a gigantic surplus regarding our export of Jazz music to tourists. We are party city. We have a huge deficit regarding oranges. We eat them all the time, and grow none here. I’m supposed to worry about this? 9:06 pm on April 21, 2017 Email Walter E. Block The Best of Walter E. Block Tags: United Airlines' Contract Contradiction as News Political Theatre On People’s Love for Science Mises, Hoppe, Salerno Netanyahu Praises Trump How Dare Wikileaks Release Top Secret CIA Info? Demasking Antifas Alinsky Lives! The US Threatens Iran, Again German Judge Acquits Turk of Rape He Voted for Trump Hero of Our Time Targeted LRC Blog The Battle For France Is Violence Incompatible With Libertarianism? No. Robert Taft on Korea The Great War George Herbert Walker Bush United Airlines’ Contract Trade Deficits Don’t Matter Contradiction as News Trimmer Politicians Look! That’s the signpost up ahead! LRC Podcasts The Iron Fist of the Ruling Class Trump’s Hostile Takeover of the GOP The Reporter Who Knew Too Much Murder of JFK’s Intimate Confidant Trumped! Speculator Marijuana Manifesto Hidden History Archives Authors Blog Books & Resources Lew Rockwell Books Ron Paul Books Murray N. Rothbard Library & Resources Mises Institute LRC Bestselling Books Political Theatre Podcasts Store About Contact Donate Advertise Privacy Policy
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Circulars Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscriber Services Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Circulars Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Tourism Bed and breakfast owners closing their doors blame Airbnb, local government US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Did you know Tampa's flag is a 'monstrosity'? No one else does, either Undercover volunteer: Wealthy car dealer does the dirty jobs quietly at Tampa charity Tampa police investigate homicide at apartment complex Ryan promises to keep government open, makes no promises on health care Why was 'Saved by the Bell' star in Wesley Chapel on Saturday? News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana State Roundup Four extraordinary days at the Florida Capitol: How Artiles went from defiance to resignation Top News Berkeley students who invited Coulter threaten to sue university Ryan promises to keep government open, makes no promises on health care Trump says he will hold rally while skipping correspondents' dinner Four extraordinary days at the Florida Capitol: How Artiles went from defiance to resignation Trump tells 'dreamers' to rest easy, targets criminals Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Bucs 2017 NFL Draft Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors Rowdies More The Heater Rays overcome more bad fortune to rally past Astros (w/video) Golf Auto Racing Storm Rays Opening Day gifs Spring Training Steven Stamkos Jameis Winston Evan Longoria Top News Rays overcome more bad fortune to rally past Astros (w/video) Bucs should jump at chance to draft FSU RB Dalvin Cook U.S. tied 1-1 with Czech Republic after Fed Cup Day 1 at Saddlebrook Bucs' draft wish list: Players coming at you like a wrecking ball 2017 NFL draft: Of the top running back prospects, Dalvin Cook is the most explosive. Here are the numbers. Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2017 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Events Top things to do in Tampa Bay for April 22 Top News Review: 'T2 Trainspotting' deftly ages a drugged-out bunch Lettuce explain why you're paying a dollar more for leafy greens Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Gov. Rick Scott should veto rideshare bill Top Opinion Editorial: Tampa Bay ferry a successful experiment Cooperation got us ready for drought Column: More conversations needed on public safety Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Worse than the pain? The shame of endometriosis Top News Did you know Tampa's flag is a 'monstrosity'? No one else does, either Review: Michael Connelly's 'Bosch' returns for an engrossing Season 3 Video: Starbucks barista goes on an epic tirade over the Unicorn Frappuccino Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Afternoon update: Campbell principal's controversial comments; Morgan addresses drunk claims during appearance; who will replace Frank Artiles; Navy vet saves day for children's museum Times staff Tampa Bay Times Friday, April 21, 2017 4:03pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged Republican state senator Frank Artiles, R-Miami, resigned Friday for using racial slurs and obscene insults in a private after-hours conversation with African-American colleagues. [Associated Press] Here's what you may have missed, and what you need to know as you start winding down. Related News/Archive Navy vet, 83, fashions cheap solution to save children's museum exhibit 1 Day Ago Frank Artiles, Miami state senator, resigns after racist, profane remarks 1 Day Ago State Sen. Frank Artiles drops green flag, boosts two bills favorable to FPL 1 Month Ago WHITE STUDENTS AT CAMPBELL PARK ELEMENTARY 'SHOULD BE IN THE SAME CLASS,' PRINCIPAL TELLS STAFF The principal of a predominantly black elementary school in south St. Petersburg instructed her staff this week to assign white students to the same classes for the next school year. In a story first reported by Bay News 9, Campbell Park Elementary principal Christine Hoffman sent an email to staff on Tuesday with guidelines of how to create class lists for the 2017-18 school year. Among her recommendations, "white students should be in the same class," Hoffman wrote. Colleen Wright has the details. JOHN MORGAN: I WAS NOT DRUNK THAT NIGHT AT BOOTS N BUCKLES John Morgan charmed an overflow crowd at the Tampa Tiger Bay Club today, where he was asked about that 2014 viral video of him, drink in hand, addressing a crowd at the Boots N Buckles saloon in Lakeland while campaigning to legalize medical marijuana in Florida. Stay with tampabay.com for more. REPLACING ARTILES: WHO'S IN AND WHO'S OUT (SO FAR) Miami politics went into overdrive Friday following state Sen. Frank Artiles' resignation, as elected officials and their political consultants scrambled to figure out who might run in a yet-to-be-scheduled special election to replace the freshman Miami Republican. NAVY VET, 83, FASHIONS CHEAP SOLUTION TO SAVE CHILDREN'S MUSEUM EXHIBIT The popular Glazer Children's Museum exhibit was about to be closed two to three months for a repair job estimated at $100,000 or more — a lot of money for a nonprofit with an annual budget of $2.8 million. Some 60,000 visitors would miss a chance to frolic in the waters of the kiddy-style Port Tampa Bay mockup. Then along came Bob Stanley, an 83-year-old Navy veteran who served as a welder during the Korean War. Stanley would save the day, Howard Altman writes. LAWSUIT AGAINST TAMPA POLICE IN DIABETIC MAN'S DEATH SHIFTS TO ANOTHER COURT A family's effort to hold the Tampa Police Department responsible for the death of a diabetic man during a traffic stop has shifted from federal to circuit court. Lena Young, the widow of longtime Tampa Heights resident and community activist Arthur Green Jr., has filed a wrongful death lawsuit against the city of Tampa on behalf of his estate. The suit, filed this month in Hillsborough circuit court, accuses two officers of using excessive force while trying to arrest Green and failing to recognize he was in the grips of a medical episode. He stopped breathing and later died. LARGO WALMART EVACUATED AFTER REPORTS OF CHEMICAL SMELL INSIDE STORE Emergency hazardous materials crews were dispatched to a Walmart Supercenter after receiving reports of a chemical smell in the store, according to Largo Fire Rescue. The store at 990 Missouri Ave. N was evacuated, but no injuries were reported. WHAT TO WATCH THIS WEEKEND: 'BILL NYE SAVES THE WORLD,' 'THE IMMORTAL LIFE OF HENRIETTA LACKS' [Netflix] Bill Nye, of Science Guy fame, stars in a new science talk show Bill Nye Saves the World on Netflix. Bill Ney tops a busy slate of must-see TV this weekend. Chelsea Tatham offers her top picks PETITION LAUNCHED TO STOP BILL O'REILLY'S APPEARANCE AT TAMPA'S AMALIE ARENA A petition has been launched calling Amalie Arena and other venues around the country to cancel a series of tour stops featuring Bill O'Reilly, comedian Dennis Miller and Fox News personality Jesse Watters. So far, the petition, launched by the social advocacy group Care2, has attained more than 22,000 supporters. Jay Cridlin has the details. OH, SNAP! BUCS G ALI MARPET TRANSITIONS TO CENTER THIS SPRING Ali Marpet has never snapped in a game — not with the Bucs, not at Division III Hobart College, not in high school, never. He's snapped before and during practices to be an emergency center, but never in a game. He's making up for it this spring, Greg Auman writes. Afternoon Update is a weekday feature from tampabay.com. Afternoon update: Campbell principal's controversial comments; Morgan addresses drunk claims during appearance; who will replace Frank Artiles; Navy vet saves day for children's museum 04/21/17 [Last modified: Friday, April 21, 2017 4:04pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2017 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Click here to sign up for our 'Day Starter' newsletter Get the top headlines from the Tampa Bay Times' and what you need to know to start your day in your inbox every morning.   Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Photo reprints and licensing Article reprints and licensing Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2017 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
TIMELINE: The search for Amber Alert suspect Tad Cummins - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News Amber Alert: Elizabeth Thomas My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Weather Road Show Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities TIMELINE: The search for Amber Alert suspect Tad Cummins 2017-04-22T01:21:38Z2017-04-22T12:20:02Z By Amelia Carlson Email Connect acarlson@wmctv.com (SOURCE: TBI) Columbia, TN (WMC) - What was referred to as a "well-thought out kidnapping" by TBI authorities ended just over a month after the day Elizabeth Thomas went missing. Court documents reveal how Cummins was under investigation prior to the disappearance, and the planning that went into Cummins and Thomas disappearing. January 23 - Elizabeth Thomas and Tad Cummins reportedly seen kissing at Culleoka Unit School by another student. Student confronts Cummins about the kiss. He denies it and admits Thomas goes to church with him and his wife sometimes, proclaims his love for his wife. January 30 - Maury County Sheriff Department receives a phone call from Culleoka Unit School in Columbia, TN School Resource officer regarding a student and a teacher kissing. Officials spoke with student who say the incident. Student said it was more of a romantic kiss than a father/daughter kiss.  January 31 - Cell phone records reveal "brief contact" between Thomas and Cummins. Detectives talk to Thomas and she said Cummins was consoling her after she had an argument with another teacher, denies kissing Cummins. February 1 - Investigators interview Cummins. He says his relationship with Thomas is that of a father and daughter, denies kissing Thomas. February 3 - Surveillance video shows Thomas in Cummins' classroom for more than 30 minutes, despite orders to stay away from Thomas during the investigation. February 6 - Cummins suspended by the school. His school issued laptop and iPad was taken by investigators. Cummins became upset over the iPad taken - said it included personal information and purchases he had made.  March 5 - Cummins researches "teen marriage" on the computer and what features on a Nissan Rogue can be tracked by police. Week of March 7 - Cummins takes out a loan for $4,500 - tells his wife it is to pay bills while he is suspended. March 10 - Cummins receives refill of Cialis for six pills at the Kroger Pharmacy on S. James Campbell Blvd in Columbia.  March 13 - Cummins is picked up at her house at 7:30 a.m. and dropped off at Shoneys, located at 2225 Carmack Blvd in Columbia, at approximately 8 a.m.  Cummins borrows his wife's car and lies to her about having a job interview at Williams County Medical Center to attend.  At 8:32 a.m. Cummins gets gas at a Shell station near Shoney's. Leaves gas station at approximately 8:38 a.m.  Cummins' wife discovers note he left for her saying he was going to Virginia Beach or the D.C. area to "clear his head". He denies doing anything wrong and apologizes to her. Tells her to not call the police. Thomas' father reports her missing after she didn't come home - tells police she may be with Cummins. March 14 at 7:30 a.m. - Cummins' wife tells police he is missing. She tells police that he took out a loan to pay bills, but the money is gone. She also tells police his clothes, toiletries, and 2 handguns are missing. An Endangered Child Alert was issued for Thomas. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation later upgraded that to an Amber Alert. Cummins was officially terminated from his position at the school. Warrant issued for Cummins for one count of sexual contact with a minor. March 15 - 16 - Cummins and Thomas rent a motel room at Super 8 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, at 3852 S. Prospect. Rent a room with a single queen-sized bed. March 15 - Cummins and Thomas seen on surveillance video at Walmart at 100 East I-240 Service Road in Oklahoma City at approximately 4:30 p.m. March 16-17 - Cummins and Thomas rent a room at Super 8 Motel on Guymon, Oklahoma. Cummins rented a room with a single bed.  March 16 - Cummins and Thomas caught on surveillance camera at Walmart in Guymon, Oklahoma. Cummins purchased women's razors, chocolate, cheese cubes, and KY Jelly.  TBI said they are "extremely concerned" for Thomas. BOLO issued for Cummins and Thomas. March 17 - Jill Cummins', suspect's wife, speaks during a press conference and asks for Cummins to turn himself into authorities and to "do the right thing." Cummins added to the TBI's Top 10 Most Wanted list. March 28 - TBI Director calls the kidnapping a "well-thought out kidnapping" by Cummins.  March 29 - Super 8 Motels employee called TBI/FBI tip-line and told investigators a nationwide search of their motel database showed Cummins rented a room in Oklahoma City on March 15,16. March 30 - Investigators obtain video surveillance from Walmart on Oklahoma City that shows Cummins and Thomas in the video. March 31 - Jill Cummins files for divorce.  April 1 - Investigators receive information from Wyndham Hotels and Resorts, who owns and operates Super 8, that Cummins checked into a hotel on March 16 and 17 in Guymon, OK. April 20 - Cummins and Thomas found in Cecilville, California. Cummins taken into custody. Thomas put in protective custody until she can be reunited with her family. Copyright 2017 WMC Action News 5. All rights reserved. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Analyzing crime at the Oak Court Mall over the last 5 years Analyzing crime at the Oak Court Mall over the last 5 years Updated: Sunday, April 23 2017 12:10 AM EDT2017-04-23 04:10:24 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) Multiple suspects remain on the run after a bold smash and grab robbery at the Oak Court Mall's Macy's.    More >> Multiple suspects remain on the run after a bold smash and grab robbery at the Oak Court Mall's Macy's.   More >> breaking Man in critical condition after robbery, shooting on Summer Ave. Man in critical condition after robbery, shooting on Summer Ave. Updated: Saturday, April 22 2017 11:56 PM EDT2017-04-23 03:56:18 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) A man is in critical condition after he was shot during a robbery in the 4900 block of Summer Avenue on Saturday night.  More >> A man is in critical condition after he was shot during a robbery in the 4900 block of Summer Avenue on Saturday night. More >> City watch issued for 18-year-old believed to be in danger City watch issued for 18-year-old believed to be in danger Updated: Saturday, April 22 2017 11:45 PM EDT2017-04-23 03:45:27 GMT (Source: MPD) A city watch has been issued for an 18-year-old believed to be in danger. MPD says Joshua Boswell was dropped off in the 3200 block of Poplar Avenue on Saturday, April 22 at 6:45 a.m. Boswell’s father went to pick him up at 2:15 p.m. and could not locate him. Boswell has ADHD and suffers from hearing loss. He stands 5’10” tall, weighs about 170 pounds, and has a medium complexion. He was last seen wearing a blue shirt, khaki shorts, and red Adidas tennis shoes. I...More >> A city watch has been issued for an 18-year-old believed to be in danger. MPD says Joshua Boswell was dropped off in the 3200 block of Poplar Avenue on Saturday, April 22 at 6:45 a.m. Boswell’s father went to pick him up at 2:15 p.m. and could not locate him. Boswell has ADHD and suffers from hearing loss. He stands 5’10” tall, weighs about 170 pounds, and has a medium complexion. He was last seen wearing a blue shirt, khaki shorts, and red Adidas tennis shoes. I...More >> Grizzlies defeat Spurs 110-108 in Game 4 Grizzlies defeat Spurs 110-108 in Game 4 Updated: Saturday, April 22 2017 11:06 PM EDT2017-04-23 03:06:00 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) They did it again! The Grizzlies beat the Spurs 110-108 in Game 4 of the NBA Playoffs after going into overtime on Saturday night.  More >> They did it again! The Grizzlies beat the Spurs 110-108 in Game 4 of the NBA Playoffs after going into overtime on Saturday night. More >> High 5: Eagle Scout creates little library High 5: Eagle Scout creates little library Updated: Saturday, April 22 2017 8:52 PM EDT2017-04-23 00:52:52 GMT We are sending a HIGH 5 to an Eagle Scout and son of a Memphis police officer! More >> We are sending a HIGH 5 to an Eagle Scout and son of a Memphis police officer! More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Mother disturbed over school employee's lewd texts to 11-year-old Mother disturbed over school employee's lewd texts to 11-year-old Updated: Friday, April 21 2017 6:38 PM EDT2017-04-21 22:38:44 GMT (image provided by mom) An Oahu elementary school employee is on leave accused of sending lewd text messages to a student.More >> An Oahu elementary school employee is on leave accused of sending lewd text messages to a student.More >> breaking Coroner identifies men who died in Lake Murray boat crash Coroner identifies men who died in Lake Murray boat crash Updated: Saturday, April 22 2017 9:33 PM EDT2017-04-23 01:33:19 GMT Authorities have released the identities of two men who died as the result of a late night boat crash on Lake Murray on Friday. More >> Authorities have released the identities of two men who died as the result of a late night boat crash on Lake Murray on Friday.More >> Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
skip to main content Site Menu Donate Menu Home Live Music/Events Support WMOT Membership Sponsor Programming Leave a Legacy Vehicle Donation Scholarship Fund Search Menu Home Live Music/Events Support WMOT Membership Sponsor Programming Leave a Legacy Vehicle Donation Scholarship Fund Search The Latest: Rescued teen back home in Tennessee By Associated Press • Apr 21, 2017 TweetShareGoogle+Email COLUMBIA, Tenn. (AP) — A California sheriff says a Tennessee teacher accused of kidnapping his 15-year-old student got the idea to go to a commune after visiting Berkeley, a city long known as a counterculture hotbed. Siskiyou County Sheriff Jon E. Lopey said teacher Tad Cummins took the girl to the commune at Black Bear Ranch in northern California but "didn't get along" with the residents and wound up leaving. Police say the teacher kidnapped the girl from Columbia, Tennessee, on March 13. He was arrested Thursday after a tip led police to them at a remote cabin in Cecilville, California. The lawyer for the family of a 15-year-old girl who was allegedly kidnapped by her teacher says the teen is back home in Tennessee and being evaluated and treated by mental health experts. Attorney Jason Whatley said in a press release that the girl is in a safe location with family and friends. Police say teacher Tad Cummins kidnapped the girl from Columbia, Tennessee, on March 13. Cummins was arrested Thursday after a tip led police to a remote cabin in Cecilville, California. The lawyer said there is no doubt the girl suffered severe emotional trauma and the process of recovery is only beginning. He thanked people across the country for their thoughts and prayers and asked that the family have privacy. Tenn. (AP) — Teacher Tad Cummins took guns, money and his wife's car before kidnapping a 15-year-old female student and taking her on a 2,500-mile cross-country journey that ended Thursday, court records show. He had just been suspended from teaching and police were zeroing in on him, questioning his relationship with the girl. After taking out a loan for $4,500, the records say, the teacher took the money and two handguns and wrote a note to his wife saying he needed to go to Virginia Beach or the D.C. area to clear his head. But instead of going to the beach, police say he picked up the student in Columbia, Tennessee, in his wife's white Nissan Rogue on the morning of March 13, setting in motion a six-week police manhunt. "It is believed based on the investigation to date, as set forth herein, that Cummins, age 50, and victim, age 15, are involved in a sexual relationship and traveled in interstate commerce to continue their relationship and to engage in unlawful sexual activity," the criminal complaint against Cummins says. Cummins, the federal complaint says, is charged with taking a minor across states lines to have sex. The Associated Press is not naming the girl or her family members because she is an alleged victim of a sex crime. Hotel companies alerted authorities that the two had checked in to motels in Oklahoma City and Guymon, Oklahoma, but they were gone by the time police got the tips, the complaint says. Surveillance video from Wal-Mart stores in Oklahoma City and Guymon captured video of the student and teacher. How they got to Cecilville, California, and why they went there remains a mystery to investigators. The teacher, police say, surrendered Thursday to sheriff's deputies outside a cabin in a remote northern area of the state after a tip was called into the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation that Cummins and the student had taken up residence there for about a week and a half. The girl was apparently healthy and unharmed, and authorities said their main concern was her emotional and mental state. "The family is absolutely elated beyond words that this part of the ordeal is coming to an end," Jason Whatley, an attorney for the girl's family said Thursday evening. "We're anxiously awaiting word on her condition." A TBI plane is supposed to fly the girl back home. Cummins faces state charges of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor as well as the federal charges. If convicted of the federal charge, he faces at least 10 years in prison, acting U.S. Attorney Jack Smith said. The pair's disappearance March 13 came after Cummins was investigated by the school system when another student reported seeing the then-married teacher kiss the girl at the Culleoka Unit School. Culleoka is about 60 miles (100 kilometers) south of Nashville near the Alabama state line. The school's investigative files provided to the AP by the attorney show that both Cummins and the girl denied kissing. The teacher, however, acknowledged that the girl was "a really good friend and she does leave her other classes to come see him when she needs someone to calm her down," according to a school report dated Jan. 30. The report recommended that the girl be taken out of Cummins' class and that he be reprimanded to uphold his professional responsibility. The report also recommended that the administration monitor Cummins' classroom to make sure students weren't there when they weren't supposed to be. Cummins was fired about a month after being suspended — a day after the TBI issued an Amber Alert about the teen. The teacher's wife of 31 years has filed for divorce. Court records show that Jill Cummins sued her then-missing husband on the grounds of irreconcilable differences and inappropriate marital conduct. The wife, who works for the Maury County school system, said she had not seen her husband since March 13. The couple has two children together. TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. © 2017 WMOT Employment Contact Us
Botulism Botulism Blog Campylobacter About CampylobacterCampylobacter Blog E. coli About E. coliAbout Hemolytic Uremic SyndromeE. coli BlogE. coli Lawsuits & Litigation Hepatitis A About Hepatitis AHepatitis A BlogHepatitis A Lawsuits & Litigation Listeria About ListeriaListeria Blog Norovirus About Norovirus Salmonella About SalmonellaSalmonella BlogSalmonella Lawsuits & Litigation Shigella About ShigellaShigella Blog Complications of Foodborne Illness Guillain-Barre SyndromeHemolytic Uremic SyndromeIrritable Bowel SyndromeReactive Arthritis General Foodborne Illness Information Foodborneillness.comOutbreak Database See Also Bill Marler's BlogFair SafetyFood Safety NewsGoogle+Marler ClarkReal Raw Milk Facts Phone: 1-866-770-2032 Email Bill Marler Subscribe to Food Poison Journal Follow Bill Marler on Twitter Food Poisoning Resources Food Poison Journal Food Poisoning Outbreaks and Litigation: Surveillance and Analysis Home About About the Authors Services Topics Food Poisoning Resources Food Poisoning Information Food Poisoning Watch Foodborne Illness Outbreaks Food Policy & Regulation Food Recall Archives Contact Presented By Marler Clark The nation’s foremost law firm with a practice dedicated to representing victims of foodborne illness Home > Food Poisoning Information > Jefferson City Mystery Restaurant Likely Tied to Salmonella Outbreak Jefferson City Mystery Restaurant Likely Tied to Salmonella Outbreak Posted By Bruce Clark on April 22, 2017 The News Tribune Opinion Page today: With the recent uptick in salmonella cases in Cole County, keep in mind precautions are more productive than panic. As of Tuesday, 25 cases had been reported in the county. While that’s an increase from the norm, it’s no epidemic. About 78,000 people live in the county. Of 20 cases reported the previous Friday, 13 of those affected were found to have a common denominator: They all ate at a particular restaurant. The county health department says that alone doesn’t confirm the restaurant is the culprit, but is continuing its investigation into the outbreak. They have asked the Jefferson City’s Environmental Health Services Division to investigate safe food-handling procedures at that food establishment, as well as others named by the affected individuals. That division inspects local restaurants. Marler Clark, The Food Safety Law Firm, is the nation’s leading law firm representing victims of Salmonella outbreaks. The Salmonella lawyers of Marler Clark have represented thousands of victims of Salmonella and other foodborne illness outbreaks and have recovered over $600 million for clients.  Marler Clark is the only law firm in the nation with a practice focused exclusively on foodborne illness litigation.  Our Salmonella lawyers have litigated Salmonella cases stemming from outbreaks traced to a variety of foods, such as cantaloupe, tomatoes, ground turkey, salami, sprouts, cereal, peanut butter, and food served in restaurants.  The law firm has brought Salmonella lawsuits against such companies as Cargill, ConAgra, Peanut Corporation of America, Sheetz, Taco Bell, Subway and Wal-Mart. If you or a family member became ill with a Salmonella infection, including Reactive Arthritis or Irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), after consuming food and you’re interested in pursuing a legal claim, contact the Marler Clark Salmonella attorneys for a free case evaluation. Tags: Salmonella Attorney, Salmonella Lawyer Print Like Tweet LinkedIn Email Subscribe to Food Poison Journal Common Foodborne Pathogens Botulism Campylobacter E. coli Hepatitis A Listeria Norovirus Salmonella Shigella See MoreFewer Clostridium Perfringens Cronobacter sakazakii Cryptosporidium MRSA Article Spotlight Food Poison Journal Authors Drew Falkenstein Attorney Drew Falkenstein received his Bachelor of Arts degree in political science from the University of Washington in 1999 and his Juris Doctor degree in 2002 from Seattle University School of Law, where he graduated with honors. READ MORE Bill Marler Attorney Bill Marler is an accomplished personal injury lawyer and national expert on foodborne illness litigation. He began representing victims of food-borne illness in 1993, when he represented the most severely injured survivor of the Jack in the Box E. coli outbreak. Read More Bruce Clark Attorney In 1993, Bruce Clark became involved in foodborne illness litigation as an attorney for Jack in the Box restaurants in its E. coli O157:H7 personal injury litigation. The Jack in the Box litigation spanned more than four years and involved more than 100 lawsuits in four states. READ MORE Patti Waller Epidemiologist Patti Waller joined Marler Clark law firm in 2003 after working for twelve years in the Communicable Disease Program at the Washington State Department of Health. At the health department, Patti investigated food and water borne illnesses and outbreaks. READ MORE Common Foodborne Pathogens Botulism Campylobacter E. coli Hepatitis A Listeria Norovirus Salmonella Shigella See MoreFewer Clostridium Perfringens Cronobacter sakazakii Cryptosporidium MRSA Food Poison Journal Archives Services About the Authors About Home Marler Clark The Food Safety Law Firm 1012 First Avenue, Fifth Floor Seattle WA 98104-1008 1-866-770-2032 OFFICE HOURS: M-F, 8:30 am - 5:00 pm, Pacific Salmonella About SalmonellaSalmonella BlogSalmonella Lawsuits & Litigation Shigella About ShigellaShigella Blog Complications of Foodborne Illness Guillain-Barre SyndromeHemolytic Uremic SyndromeIrritable Bowel SyndromeReactive Arthritis General Foodborne Illness Information Foodborneillness.comOutbreak Database See Also Bill Marler's BlogFair SafetyFood Safety NewsGoogle+Marler ClarkReal Raw Milk Facts Botulism Botulism Blog Campylobacter About CampylobacterCampylobacter Blog E. coli About E. coliAbout Hemolytic Uremic SyndromeE. coli BlogE. coli Lawsuits & Litigation Hepatitis A About Hepatitis AHepatitis A BlogHepatitis A Lawsuits & Litigation Listeria About ListeriaListeria Blog Norovirus About Norovirus Copyright © 2017, Marler Clark, LLP. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Disclaimer Design & Support By Lexblog
Facebook Twitter Instagram Home News Student Government Association Neighborhood issues Features Reviews Opinion Sports Men’s Basketball Baseball Cross Country Football Golf Lacrosse Soccer Swimming and Diving Tennis Volleyball Water Polo Women’s Basketball Cross Country Lacrosse Soccer Swimming and Diving Softball Tennis Track and Field Volleyball Water Polo Panther Buzz Photos Blogs Chapman Catwalk Nerd Dope Outdoorsy in Orange Prowling Panther Shift to Thrift Starting School with a CAT Scan The Collegiate Gamer Contact Us Opinion In defense of ‘the ugly carrot’ 04/20/2017 by Emma Stessman 1 Comment Emma Stessman, art director If you’ve ever indulged in a bag of carrots, there’s a good chance you know what I’m talking about. “The ugly carrot”: misshapen, slightly discolored, possible scarring, standing out in a sea of pristine orange. The appearance sets it apart from the rest and often causes people to deem it inedible and throw it away. Sure, I’ll admit that I’ve done exactly that on multiple occasions, but I’ll also admit that I am a part of the problem. The issue doesn’t stop with carrots; bulging apples, scarred oranges and too-small bananas go to waste all too often because they don’t meet our aesthetic standards for produce. In 2016, it was estimated that 50 percent of all produce grown in the U.S., the equivalent of $160 billion, is thrown away. Fruits and vegetables stand at the top of the list for most wasted foods. With these numbers, it would seem as though we have some sort of food excess, but with one in six people in this country considered to be food insecure, that isn’t the case.   Food waste’s impact doesn’t just stop at the social level – it’s environmental as well. Decomposing in the world’s landfills, food waste creates large amounts of methane, a greenhouse gas far more potent than carbon dioxide. There are also issues of water, labor and land lost when food gets thrown away. Of course, there are a number of factors contributing to the large amount of food that goes to waste. Mistakes made in processing, transport, handling and food not getting purchased before its expiration date all play a part in the issue. However, a large portion of the blame can be placed on our high standards when it comes to the attractiveness of food. It’s not too surprising. We’ve grown up in a world of pristine-white Wonder bread and smoothie bowls that are manufactured to fit an Instagram aesthetic, and the bruised apples and ugly carrots just don’t make the cut. However, it’s not just the consumers at fault. Certain government regulations and supermarket’s superficial standards keep these “ugly” produce items from ever hitting the shelves. This is where we need to find a solution. By buying more of this ugly produce, supermarkets will take notice, cater to demand and start adding them to their lineup. Now you may be asking, “If they’re not selling this ugly produce in most grocery stores, then where can I get it?” Start at farmers markets. They’re not confined to the same regulations and standards as most grocery stores, so they’re more likely to sell these misshapen fruits and vegetables. Or buy straight from a farmer using a local community-supported agriculture program. Shop at stores that have already introduced ugly fruits and vegetables into their produce sections, like Wal-Mart or Whole Foods. As an added benefit, these places will often sell this imperfect produce for a discount. So buy the discolored orange, the blemished lemon and the weathered apple, because you just might find a new beauty in its unique and asymmetrical form. And next time you find that ugly carrot, eat it, because, while it might not be Instagram worthy, chances are it’s perfectly edible. Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Email You may also like Take down that flag Panther Village is a poor choice Web of women: the power of support All lives can’t matter until Black lives matter As allies, we need to do better Students deserve representation 1 Comment John Stolarczyk says: 04/22/2017 at 3:05 am “Ugly” carrots do not go to waste, they are normally sent for food processing wither juice , soup or baby foods. Reply Leave a Comment X Comment Name * Email * Website Most Viewed Editorial: Press pause on recording in classrooms This week’s issue: Reviews ‘Sand Castle’ is yet another Netflix masterpiece Zero Express was not necessarily my cup of tea ‘The Boss Baby’ proves more than a dumb children’s flick ‘Do Not Open’ the new Chainsmokers album ‘Doughnut’ you want to feature this on your Instagram? About Us The Panther is Chapman University's award-winning student-run newspaper and publishes weekly on Mondays during the fall and spring semesters. The Panther newspaper staff is dedicated to producing a quality publication in design, article content and business practice through the highest level of journalistic integrity. Copyright © 2017 The Panther Most commented: Copyright The Panther © 2016. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Why the word 'hypoallergenic' on products can be a total lie Caroline Praderio, INSIDER Apr. 22, 2017, 12:27 PM 146 facebook linkedin twitter email print You can't believe everything you see on product labels. Caroline Praderio/INSIDER The INSIDER Summary: Lots of products are marketed as "hypoallergenic." But the term isn't backed up by any regulation, and some "hypoallergenic" products contain allergens. Don't assume "hypoallergenic" means anything.   People with skin allergies probably trust that "hypoallergenic" products will be free of ingredients that cause itchy, painful allergic reactions. They might be surprised to find out that the term "hypoallergenic" is essentially meaningless.  You don't have to take our word for it — take the FDA's. "There are no federal standards or definitions that govern the use of the term 'hypoallergenic,'" the agency writes on its website. "The term means whatever a particular company wants it to mean." And it might not mean much.  In a 2015 study, for example, scientists tested 135 children's skin care products labeled as "hypoallergenic" and found that almost 90% of them contained at least one known skin allergen.  Many children's skin care products are labeled "hypoallergenic." Oleg. / Flickr The FDA did try to set up regulation for the term back in the 1970s. The agency wanted to allow the use of "hypoallergenic" only if studies on humans showed that a product caused a significantly lower rate of skin reactions, compared to other products. But cosmetic companies fought the FDA in court and won. To this day, "hypoallergenic" is still unregulated, and manufacturers don't have to offer the FDA any proof to back up the claim.  This doesn't mean that all companies who use the term are trying to deceive you — they might voluntarily put their products through a barrage of high-quality allergy testing. But it's hard to know that when you're browsing store shelves in search of a new product. In the drugstore, when you see the term on two different products, it could mean two totally different things.  You can't be 100% sure that products labeled "hypoallergenic" won't cause an allergic reaction. Clean Wal-Mart/Flickr The bottom line: Don't assume that "hypoallergenic" products will never cause an allergic reaction. If you see a company using the marketing term, you might want to check their website or contact customer service and see if they have additional information on their interpretation of its meaning. And if you think you're allergic to any cosmetic ingredients, find a dermatologist or an allergist in your area. These doctors can perform tests so you'll know which specific ingredients to watch out for. Read the original article on INSIDER. Follow INSIDER on Facebook. Copyright 2017. Follow INSIDER on Twitter. More from INSIDER: Unbelievable photos that show the creepy side of people's obsession with collecting objects This new 'Game of Thrones' photo of Jon Snow might hint at a big season 7 revelation A former 'Bachelorette' boils down the show's biggest problem: They never cast enough diverse people We tried the plumping lip mask celebrities swear by — here's what it's really like The 10 most Instagrammed summer vacation spots in the US NOW WATCH: Why 2-in-1 shampoo and conditioner products don’t work Loading video... More: Health Beauty Hair care Skincare Cosmetics Hypoallergenic Allergies Sensitive skin Skin allergies facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Why the word 'hypoallergenic' on products can be a total lie Why the word 'hypoallergenic' on products can be a total lie The INSIDER Summary: Lots of products are... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured A Tesla bull makes his case: 'We think it's real .... it's a good car. That's not a fluke' More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Toggle navigation Personal Finance Saving Money Student Loans Taxes Entertainment Finance Expert Advice Build Credit States With No Sales Tax How to Save Money Fast With These 4 Bank Accounts 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Savings Accounts Best Online Savings Accounts How To Save Tips for Saving More Best Savings Accounts Market Research Money Market Bet You Didn’t Know Your FSA Can Cover These 7 Things Why You Need an HSA 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services CD Rates How To Get The Best CD Rates Best CD Accounts Certificate of Deposit Tips Complete CD Tax Guide: From Death Taxes to Interest Income Taxes Here’s How Often CD Rates Change 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Loans Best Personal Loans Mortgage Tips Avoid Foreclosure Mortgage Types Refinancing Car Loans 7 Best Home Improvement Loans Why Payday Loans Are Dangerous 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Investing Financial Planning Stocks Investing Strategies Mutual Funds Brokerage Hedge Funds Bonds Investing News 6 Marijuana Stocks to Consider in 2017 10 Collectible Investments More Valuable Than Gold 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Retirement Retirement Planning Retirement Planning FAQs Retirement Accounts IRAs 401K Roth IRAs Social Security Retirement News How to Open a Roth IRA 50 Things Every 50-Something Should Know About Retirement 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Checking Accounts How To Guide: Checking Accounts Checking Account Promotions Checking Account Tips Types of Checking Accounts How to Close a Checking Account for Free Cashier’s Check vs. Money Order: Here’s the Difference 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Banking Banking Tips Online Banking Interest Rates Banking Industry News The Evolution of Bank Heists: Is Your Money Safer Than 200 Years Ago? 11 Must-Have Features All the Best Bank Accounts Offer 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Credit Cards Best Credit Card Rates How To Manage Credit Cards Credit Cards Tips The ABCs of Credit: Tips to Be Smarter With Your Finances 6 Easiest Credit Cards to Get 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Videos Follow @GOBankingRates About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers GOBankingRates > Personal Finance > Saving Money > Saving Money Tips > Insider Grocery-Shopping Hacks That’ll Save You Money Insider Grocery-Shopping Hacks That’ll Save You MoneySave money on groceries with these expert tips. By Lia Sestric | April 22, 2017 Previously 12 Foods You Can Easily Grow Instead of Buying at the Store 1/18 Show Thumbnails Monkey Business Images / Shutterstock.com If you're looking to save money on groceries, you've probably tried all the usual tactics. And while it's wise to avoid shopping on an empty stomach and making spur-of-the-moment purchases, there are other opportunities to save. Click through for insider hacks to save money on groceries. 2/18 Show Thumbnails Dragon Images / Shutterstock.com Review Your Receipt for Errors Most people don't monitor the register when the cashier scans their purchases. However, not paying attention could cost you money, said Andrea Woroch, a consumer and money-saving expert. "From punching in the wrong produce code to missing out on a currently promoted sale, it's possible you're overpaying if you aren't reviewing your bill. Recently, I was overcharged for a package of bacon by $6," she said. According to Woroch, this grocery store blunder happens a lot, so pay attention while checking out and always review your receipt. Related: Costly Mistakes You're Making While Grocery Shopping 3/18 Show Thumbnails Tyler Olson / Shutterstock.com Become a Mystery Shopper If you're sick of shelling out a bundle at the supermarket, consider become a mystery shopper. Grocery stores use these undercover individuals to assess how they're doing, said Cheryl Flink, chief strategy officer for Market Force Information, a mystery shopping company. "Many people think it's fun to go 'undercover,' and most like the fact that they're helping to make the stores better places for the community to visit," she said. As a secret shopper, you'll get reimbursed for the items you purchase. You can visit the Mystery Shopping Providers Association (MSPA) to search assignments and learn how to apply for them. 4/18 Show Thumbnails Robert Kneschke / Shutterstock.com Let Someone Else Do Your Grocery Shopping When it comes to grocery shopping, many of us are our own worst enemies. Whether you're drawn to expensive out-of-season produce or freshly baked cookies from the bakery section, it's easy to spend more than you intended at the store. Fortunately, services exist that let you skip the supermarket all together. "A grocery shop service (such as Kroger's ClickList) or even hiring someone to do your grocery shopping for you can save you money by removing the temptation to impulse buy," said Mira Dessy, owner of the website, The Ingredient Guru. 5/18 Show Thumbnails Ditty_about_summer / Shutterstock.com Don’t Get Hung Up on Expiration Dates Just because that can of kidney beans is a week past its best-buy date doesn't mean you should toss it out and head back to the grocery store. Said Woroch, consumers are throwing away more than they should, thereby wasting precious dollars. "Reports say the date printed on a product's container is not the expiration date, and those items can be safely consumed for a period after," she said. Plus, you can feel good about the fact that you aren't wasting food. Check Out: 20 Uses for Leftover Bread That'll Save You Some Dough 6/18 Show Thumbnails iStock.com / litota Don’t Be Afraid to Improvise Intrepid cooks don't run out to the store just because they're missing a few ingredients. Rather than head to the supermarket to get the missing item, you should look for ways to substitute, said Karen Hoxmeier, founder of My Bargain Buddy. "Google is a great resource. There are endless articles on ingredient substitutions for everything from poultry seasoning to buttermilk," she said. You can also make some ingredients from scratch rather than buying them in the store. For example, if you need a little bit of buttermilk but not the whole jug, mix a tablespoon of white vinegar or lemon juice with a cup of milk for a DIY solution. 7/18 Show Thumbnails GOLFX / Shutterstock.com Choose Rotisserie for Rush Meals Let's be real: Most of us don't have time to whip up gourmet meals from scratch every day. Additionally, all that home cooking can really bust your budget. Baking a whole chicken can easily do both, but Woroch offers a solution. The best way to prep a chicken-based meal is to use a rotisserie chicken, as they're already cooked and inexpensive, she said. You might even find them for under $5 at Costco. Don't Miss: 20 Deals You Can Only Get at Costco 8/18 Show Thumbnails Kzenon / Shutterstock.com Pick a Smaller Cart If you want to save on groceries, Hoxmeier advises using the smallest cart at the store. When you choose a big cart, you might feel like you need to fill all the available space with unneeded items, she said. By opting for a smaller grocery cart, you can limit impulse purchases and keep your budget in the black. 9/18 Show Thumbnails Vladyslav Starozhylov / Shutterstock.com Look at the Cost Per Unit Larger sizes don't always translate to better prices. In fact, Hoxmeier said that bulk items often cost more than regular-sized products. If you want to make sure you aren't overpaying, do a little comparison shopping. "Pay close attention to the cost per unit in small print on the price tag," she said. "This will tell you exactly how much you are paying." Compare per-ounce prices to find out the true savings on a bulk or sale item. Also See: Whole Foods Vs. Aldi — Which Store Is Better for Your Money? 10/18 Show Thumbnails ValeStock / Shutterstock.com Search for Ingredients in Multiple Places Grocery stores sometimes stock the same item in multiple locations. "Often times, an ingredient can be found in multiple places in the grocery store, and one version might be cheaper than another," said Suzanne Hayen, founder of Let's Be Chefs. For example, sesame seeds can generally be found in the spice aisle and also in the Asian section. However, the sesame seeds in the Asian section are often less expensive, said Hayen. 11/18 Show Thumbnails Diego Cervo / Shutterstock.com Compare End Cap Deals Located at the end of each aisle, end caps are shelving units on which supermarkets place their "sale" items. Ranging from pasta to cookies, these products might seem like deals, but they aren't always, said Woroch. "They're counting on our preference to avoid heading down an aisle, so shoppers will just grab an end-cap item that seems reasonably priced instead of actually comparing it with other brands in the product aisle," she said. Before you load up your cart, do some comparison shopping in the appropriate aisle. You might just find a lower-priced alternative. 12/18 Show Thumbnails Syda Productions / Shutterstock.com Stock Up on Cheap Meal Ingredients Instead of hitting the store because there's nothing to eat, ask yourself what you can make with the ingredients you have. Typically, your pantry can provide inexpensive yet delicious meals, said Hoxmeier. "By having the ingredients on hand for things like lentil soup, chili or other inexpensive dishes, you'll always have a tasty meal but you won't have to break the bank to do it," she said. So, when you shop, wait for these items to go on sale and then stock up. You can also reuse leftovers to make a combination of casseroles that are both tasty and cheap. Check Out: Surprising Ways Leftover Eggs Can Save You Money 13/18 Show Thumbnails iStock.com / asiseeit Ask for a Rain Check Next time the grocery store is out of a sale item you need, don't be annoyed. Instead, consumer and savings expert Lisa Lee Freeman recommends asking for a rain check to get the item at a discount at a later date. Stores will often honor this request, leading to serious savings. "A rain check entitles you to the sale price when the item is back in stock. Most rain checks do come with time limits, so read the fine print," she said. You should also have the grocery store make note of the quantity you intend to buy on the rain check. 14/18 Show Thumbnails iStock.com / anouchka Check the Clearance Racks Even grocery stores have clearance racks. Freeman says you can find some major steals here, including items for half off the original price. "Stores are always clearing out inventory to make room for new products," she said. Fruit, vegetables, bread and even meat can be found for discounted rates in the clearance section. In some cases, these products expire sooner, so be conscious of use-by dates to avoid waste. Additionally, shoppers can find deals on non-food items, like personal care products. 15/18 Show Thumbnails Monkey Business Images / Shutterstock.com Don’t Go Coupon Crazy Grocery coupons can help you save on food purchases — but don't go overboard, said Freeman. "The problem is that while many of us make a list and try to stick to it, we also tend to indulge in 'off-list purchases' triggered by coupons and other promotions," she said. A study by NPD showed that 80 percent of unplanned supermarket purchases are due to promotions, said Freeman. One trick she suggests is to make a game out of limiting impulse spending. "For example, you can set aside a 'mad money budget' of, say, $5 a week for those sale items you just can't resist," she said. Don't Miss: 30 Things You Should Never Buy Without a Coupon 16/18 Show Thumbnails iStock.com / andresr Reduce Shopping Trips If you frequently make grocery runs mid-week, you are likely spending more than you should on impulse purchases, said Woroch. "For example, if you spend an average of $10 on impulse every time you grocery shop and you cut back your trips from two times per week to just once per week, you will automatically save $40 a month," she said. 17/18 Show Thumbnails iStock.com / Antonio_Diaz Sign Up for the Reward Programs It's crucial to know when to shop and what to buy. However, to be truly savvy with savings, you'll want to take advantage of loyalty and reward programs. For instance, Hoxmeier recommends the Walmart Savings Catcher program, which rewards you the price difference on a product should you find it cheaper at a competitor. And the Vons' Just For U program offers digital coupons and a club card to help you save. Additionally, many grocery stores are getting into the online ordering business and will give you a discount on your first order. Here are a few options to consider: Safeway: $5 off $49 and free delivery Vons: $5 off $49 and free delivery Walmart: $10 off $50 18/18 Show Thumbnails iStock.com / bowdenimages Shop With Cash and Bank Savings What you keep in your wallet can either limit your spending or set you up to blow your budget. Kevin Gallegos, vice president of Phoenix operations for Freedom Financial Network, recommends paying with cash, as studies show it encourages people to spend 15 percent to 20 percent less than they would with cards. He also advises banking the amount you save on a grocery purchase. You can find this value by checking your receipt or grocery loyalty card record. "Take the amount of those savings each time you visit the store and actually save them," he said. "You'll likely find it motivating to continue all the things you are doing to save." Up Next: Walmart Shopping Tricks to Get the Most Bang for Your Buck View All Share x Open a New Bank Account Check Out the Next Article 20 Life-Changing Money Lessons You Learn in Your 30s Your 20s are over, but the financial lessons aren't. Here's what you can expect to learn during this life stage. Related Articles Save $20,000 This Year With These 20 Hacks The 20 Money Hacks That Busy People Swear By 15 Little Luxuries to Give Up for Lent That Will Save You Hundreds The Best Spring Shopping Steals at Walmart, Target and More People are Reading Today Sponsored Links by Zergnet Comments Back to Top follow us: About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers © 2017 GOBankingRates. All Right Reserved. Newsletter Sign-up: × Advertiser Disclosure: Many of the offers appearing on this site are from advertisers from which this website receives compensation for being listed here. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). These offers do not represent all deposit accounts available.  
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Online Restaurant Reservation * Open Source Hotel Reservation * Restaurant Booking System * More Tags... Industry News * Business * More Industries... News By Place * Portland   Oregon   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News April 2017 Su Sa Fr Th We Tu Mo 23 22 21 20 19 18 17 Addons that enhance effectiveness of Marketplace Booking and Reservation System launched The 4 new addons for Marketplace Booking and Reservation System by Cedcommerce have been launched. These extends the features of this extension.     Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: • Online Restaurant Reservation • Open Source Hotel Reservation • Restaurant Booking System Industry: • Business Location: • Portland - Oregon - USPORTLAND, Ore. - April 22, 2017 - PRLog -- Four add-ons – Booking Social Login add-on, Booking Messaging Add-on, and Booking Review and Rating Add-on, and Booking FAQ add-on – were launched yesterday. The new addons are compatible to Marketplace Booking and Reservation system for Magento 2. All the add-ons are aimed at troubleshooting the end customers' doubts and grievance and help them take informed decision, thus extremely customer centric", said Abhishek Jaiswal and Himanshu Rauthan, Founders of Cedcommerce at the launch. Functionalities of Add-ons: Booking Social Login Add-on: Booking Social Add-on helps the vendors and customers to log in to Marketplace booking and reservation system through their social networking sites – Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn or Google, instead of creating a new login account. Booking Messaging Add-on: (http://cedcommerce.com/magento-2-extensions/booking-messaging-addon) Booking Messaging add-on establishes a communication channel between all the involved parties: admin, vendor, and customers. With this add-on Vendor-Admin and Vendor-Customer Chat is possible. Booking Review and Rating Add-on: (http://cedcommerce.com/magento-2-extensions/booking-revie...) Booking Review and Rating Add-on enables customers to review the services of vendors offering their services through Marketplace Booking and Reservation System. Conversely, it helps admin and vendors to get the feedback for their services and help future visitors take an informed decision. Booking FAQ Add-on: (http://cedcommerce.com/magento-2-extensions/booking-faq-a...) Evident from its name, Booking FAQ Addon aims to solve all the customer related queries and doubts. Vendor and admin can list out all and most common grievance and inform them about multiple aspects of their business. About Marketplace booking and Reservation System: It is an extension for Magento 2; which upon installation enables Magento 2 websites to be converted into Marketplace. It has various applications and compatible for all the booking-type related businesses. About CedCommerce: Started in 2010, the company has been involved in over 1000 ventures of customizing solutions to address all the unique needs. Fuelled by its rich experience, the company has developed highly popular Walmart Magento 2 Integration and Jet Magento 2 integration app being used by 500+ sellers across United Stated of America. And recently, it BECAME THE OFFICIAL CHANNEL INTEGRATION PARTNER OF WALMART. The company offers all the products that make selling easier on e-commerce. Contact Cedcommerce Karshit Bhargava 8888820953 marketing@cedcommerce.com End Source : Cedcommerce Email : ***@cedcommerce.com Tags : Online Restaurant Reservation, Open Source Hotel Reservation, Restaurant Booking System Industry : Business Location : Portland - Oregon - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse CedCommerce Inc PRs Cedcommerce to offer upto 60% discount on its Marketplace and addons in its Summer Deals and offers Affordable Woocoommerce ebay integration ensures hassle free selling on eBay Jet Woocommerce extension upgraded to 3.0.X CedCommerce Already Adhering to Magento Imagine Agenda With NEW Features, Selling on Walmart gets more enriching with Walmart Magento Integration extension Trending News Wrestling Legends Set for Evening Gown Match! SIMBA Improves Processing & Traceability for Meat & Poultry Processors Axiomtek Launches the OPS500-501-H a Highly Advanced & Powerful OPS-compliant Digital Signage Module Empowering Black Women Beyond the Blues Tour Feat. Karen Moore's Poetik Blues: A Sistah's Story Battle of Gettysburg participants honored in new book by Farrell, Farley, and Knorr Top Daily News Wrestling Legends Set for Evening Gown Match! - 473 views Loop AI Labs Hires Data Analytics Industry Veteran as New VP, Channel Sales and Alliances - 383 views Axiomtek Launches the OPS500-501-H a Highly Advanced & Powerful OPS-compliant Digital Signage Module - 222 views Nuclear Power Plant Security Forces Get Custom Gear To Enhance Their Security Effectiveness - 212 views Battle of Gettysburg participants honored in new book by Farrell, Farley, and Knorr - 211 views Top Weekly News EY announces Sam Bakhtiar, CEO, and Alejandra Font, Co-Founder of The Camp TC, as EY Entrepreneur Of The Year 2017 Greater Los Angeles semifinalists - 5223 views University of Alabama Entrepreneur Launches Company Poised to Redefine Fencing in Huntsville - 3403 views Billy Jaynes names Dennis Davis President of The Jaynes Gang - 3078 views Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2, Featuring Cheyanna Lavon Zubas, Premieres May 5th - 2867 views Universal Beauty Pageants Take Global Stance - 2589 views Top Daily News Wrestling Legends Set for Evening Gown Match! - 473 views Loop AI Labs Hires Data Analytics Industry Veteran as New VP, Channel Sales and Alliances - 383 views Axiomtek Launches the OPS500-501-H a Highly Advanced & Powerful OPS-compliant Digital Signage Module - 222 views Nuclear Power Plant Security Forces Get Custom Gear To Enhance Their Security Effectiveness - 212 views Battle of Gettysburg participants honored in new book by Farrell, Farley, and Knorr - 211 views Top Weekly News EY announces Sam Bakhtiar, CEO, and Alejandra Font, Co-Founder of The Camp TC, as EY Entrepreneur Of The Year 2017 Greater Los Angeles semifinalists - 5223 views University of Alabama Entrepreneur Launches Company Poised to Redefine Fencing in Huntsville - 3403 views Billy Jaynes names Dennis Davis President of The Jaynes Gang - 3078 views Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2, Featuring Cheyanna Lavon Zubas, Premieres May 5th - 2867 views Universal Beauty Pageants Take Global Stance - 2589 views PTC News Gene Simmons invites Creem Circus to join him in Philadelphia on June 2, and is now asking you - 2065 views Code Green Apparel Provides Uniforms for the Waste Management Phoenix Open - PGA Tour - 273 views Code Green Apparel Partners with Cicero Consulting Group - 268 views Magicians, Dance, Music, Kato Kaelin Among Entertainment Slate At Wizard World Comic Con Minneapolis - 238 views Lennar's Chantenay at Damonte Ranch Grand Opens Saturday, April 22 - 229 views Apr 22, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
e-Edition Obituaries Photo Gallery Magazines Scholarships News Crew Partners Paywall Login Login to Comment Register April 23rd, 2017 Menu Home News Canada 150 Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Life Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News Canalta, Co-op to build big on south side Poll Should provinces fund non-Catholic children’s attendance at Catholic schools? Yes No View Results  Loading ... @MedicineHatNews Follow Us By Collin Gallant on April 22, 2017. A new development, including a Co-op gas bar, convienece store, liquor store and car wash, an A&W and Boston Pizza is being advertised in the south end of the city.--NEWS PHOTO EMMA BENNETT 00000 cgallant@medicinehatnews.com @CollinGallant Commercial development in the city’s southeast quadrant is officially booming again. Signs went up Friday to announce upcoming projects by Canalta Hotels and South Country Co-op on city-owned land at a Strachan Road lot currently part of a conditional sale to Canalta’s land development wing. A new hotel and Co-op retail complex, two stand-alone restaurants and a seniors’ living facility are also described in a Canalta release that suggests it is in the final stages of marketing the 17-acre parcel before closing a sale with the city’s land office this summer. “We’re excited to continue our investment in the community of Medicine Hat and to partner with South Country,” Canalta owner Blair Christenson stated in press release. The company did not respond to inquiries for further information on timelines, construction values or future plans. The lot sits at 2501 Strachan Road, beside Home Depot near Dunmore Road, and across from a planned commercial park, where servicing work is now underway. If it moves ahead, it would be the fourth major construction project in the general vicinity either ongoing or proposed. South Country would build a convenience store, liquor store, gas bar and car wash at the site on its 3.6 acre portion. “We are looking forward to continuing to develop and grow our offerings,” stated South Country general manager Mike Clement in the statement. Unrelated to Co-op, Boston Pizza and A&W will also set up operations. Canalta, which operates the Hamptons Inn and Suites by Hilton hotel in Box Springs Business Park, would construct extended stay lodging at the rear of the site, overlooking a scenic retention pond, beside land denoted for a “seniors’ living facility.” About one-third of the site is still marketed as a build-to-suit opportunity for other tenants. The parcel is the subject of a conditional sale made public by the city late last year, wherein Canalta would take some land itself and also shop subdivided portions to smaller developers. The price of the eight-acre initial parcel is $2.9 million to the city’s land and properties office, but with an option on the remaining nine acres, worth about $3.3 million, in place. City land officials told the News they have nothing official to report but the sale was moving smoothly toward a closing date in mid-August. John Bulmer of the land office says, generally, the news is very positive. “Development on the southside is very encouraging,” he said, noting the land had sat in the city inventory for more than 10 years. “I think people in that part of town will appreciate having some gas stations as well.” The Co-op project was tipped to members during the annual general meeting last month when financial statements included a note that $1.3 million had been spent to purchase land in Medicine Hat for “future development.” South Country has been expanding rapidly over the past two years. New administration offices will open this summer. Two new cardlocks are under construction in Taber and Bow Island. Also, the Northlands food store is the site of major renovations this year. Two liquor outlets opened in Lethbridge in 2016. In 2015, Brentwood Developments had previously expressed interest in the 17 acres but let a conditional sale lapse. It announced this past fall that Save-on-Foods would anchor a new building at its Strachan Corner development across the street. Work to demolish the former Walmart supercentre on that site commenced in the winter. Site grading began this week for a first phase that will also include a Liqour Depot outlet, 7-11 gas bar, pub and Tim Hortons. A separate hotel development permit was issued last summer to the Braemar Group to build further east. The nearby Medicine Hat Mall is undergoing a $20-million renovations to create a new food court and several mid-sized retail bays. 00000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Tumblr ePaper Login Subscribe Archive About Us The Medicine Hat News Other Publications Contact Careers Contact the Medicine Hat News 3257 Dunmore Rd SE Medicine Hat, AB T1B 3R2 [P] 403.527.1101 [F] 403.528.5696 Contact Careers Print Advertising: 403.528.5659 National Advertising: 403.528.5766 Online Advertising: 403.528.5698 Classifieds: 403.526.7653 © 1996-2017 The Medicine Hat News, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy policy
null
Hot Topics: Latest police blotters Fall Harvest Car Show top 50 Addressing FM biz rumors Alzheimer's Walk Chat with Coroner Obits Print   Email   Font Resize Police & Courts Fort Morgan Police Department Posted:   04/21/2017 05:28:47 PM MDT Editor's Note: The Fort Morgan Times relies on reports from law enforcement to create the blotter. All charges are alleged by law enforcement and may not reflect the charges filed by the court. All individuals are considered innocent until proven guilty by the law.April 6 Officers responded to a no injury traffic accident at the corner of Sherman and Kiowa. Gavin Schauermann, 17, of Snyder was charged with following too closely. April 14 Noe Maniz, 29, of Fort Morgan was arrested for first degree assault, second degree assault and menacing in the 800 block of Lake Street. No bond. Pete Ortiz, 49, of Fort Morgan was charged with driving a motor vehicle when license under restraint in the 700 block of East 7th Avenue. $5,000 bond. Officers responded to a no injury traffic accident at the corner of Kiowa and State. Mohamed Mohamed, 20, of Fort Morgan was charged with improper backing. April 15 Vicente Pascual, 18, of Fort Morgan was arrested for first degree assault and burglary in the 900 block of Simpson Street. No bond. Francisco Baltazar-Marcos, 28, of Fort Morgan was arrested in the 600 block of East Burlington for driving a vehicle when license revoked. $1,000 bond. A Traeger grill valued at $500 was stolen from a property in the 700 block of Aurora. Case open. Tracy Rivas, 48, transient, was charged with driving a motor vehicle while under the influence of drugs in the 1600 block of Main Street. No bond. Advertisement Miguel Diego, 26, of Fort Morgan was arrested on a warrant for failure to appear on the original charge of driving while license under restraint in the 300 block of Gateway. $3,000 bond. April 16 Rebecca White, 36, of Kimball, Nebraska, was arrested in the 1600 block of Main Street for DUID, open container (marijuana) and vandalism. No bond. A Toyota 4-Runner had $825 worth of vandalism done to it in the 400 block of Dahlia. Case open. Ezikiel Celestino, 34, of Fort Collins was released on a summons to appear for shoplifting a $5.88 tire repair kit from Walmart. April 17 Irma Machado, 57, of Weldona was released on a summons to appear for shoplifting $35 worth of toiletries from Walmart. April 18 Officers investigated a vandalism in the 300 block of South Lake Street where $1,000 worth of damage was done to the paint on a vehicle. Return to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Fort Morgan Police Department Morgan County Sheriff's Office Missing man identified as murder victim   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Saturday, April 22, 2017 Login | Register   Menu NEWS AP News International National Columns Court News Features Friday Feature Spotlight Local News News Tip Line Newsmakers Opinion Editorials Letters To The Editors Submit A Letter Police Logs Community Columns Panther Valley Jim Thorpe Northern Lehigh Palmerton-Lehighton Tamaqua Poconos CLASSIFIEDS ENTERTAINMENT Event Calendar Local Entertainment Movie Review Penn's Peak TV Listings TV News n' Views LIFESTYLE Announcements Forms Engagement Announcement Anniversary Announcement Birth Announcement Wedding Announcement Features Food Seniors Healthy Geezer Comfort and Joy Down Syndrome Draw Your Dad Draw Your Mom OBITUARIES Submit Obituary SPORTS AP Sports Blog Local Sports Columns Features Football Outdoors Racing Youth/Recreation CUSTOMER SERVICE About Us Sister Companies Advertising Advertise With Us Things to Do Around Town eProofs Advertising Rate Cards MANSImedia.com Contact Us Feedback & Suggestions Job Opportunities Privacy/User Agreement Subscribe Manage Subscription CONTESTS SPORTS PHOTOS Accepting change Friday, April 21, 2017 By Pattie Mihalik newsgirl@comcast.net How well do you handle change? Most of us don’t like change and many of us resist it as much as we can. Human nature seems to be more comfortable with what is rather than what could be. It’s the comfort of what is familiar that has us clinging to established routine. That might be true of some of our animal friends, too. A friend of mine has always crated her dogs at night. When one old dog died, she changed the routine for her two remaining pups. Instead of putting them in their cages at night, she brought them into her bedroom and put them on big, comfortable doggy beds. They didn’t take to their new routine. Every night when she settled down in the bedroom with her dogs, it didn’t take long for them to leave her room and crawl into their old cages. She thought that with time, they would get used to sleeping in her bedroom in their big doggy beds. So far it hasn’t happened. There’s a little birdie that sits in my yard that seems to thrive on routine. There’s a yard filled with trees but every single day that little bird sits on the highest branch of one dead tree. For a while, I thought the bird might be fake because whenever I looked up at the tree the bird was like a statue on the dead branch, always in the same place. For two years, whenever I came home I looked up at the dead branch. Sure enough, the bird was just sitting there, alone as usual. This week the bird finally left its familiar perch and went to party with other birds in the front yard. I was happy to see the change. But the next morning, there was my little birdie back on its dead branch. It’s been there ever since. Even birds can be creatures of habit. That little birdie reminds me not to resist change, which I was tempted to do this week. But I know from experience that surprisingly good things happen when we embrace change. So many wonderful things have come my way when I was open to both large and small changes. Some find change of any kind too unsettling. One friend who has an all-consuming job she hates is now in a position where she can work for another company. She says she hesitates to make the change. “There’s something about staying with the devil you know rather than taking a chance on the unknown,” she said. Most of us are creatures of habit. We claim we welcome change, but that’s not true for many of us. Sometimes, the smallest change throws some people for a loop. I saw that firsthand when my husband and I were checking into a dinner dance. The two volunteers at the reception table were there to check us in and tell us at which table we were assigned. It’s the same routine with the same volunteers every month — except this month. One usually organized volunteer seemed to be having a hard time doing the simple task of checking us off her list and giving us our assigned table. Plus, she was in a really foul mood. When I asked for her phone number so I could make arrangements to do the story she requested, she snapped at me: “Not now! I’m too upset,” she said. Her co-worker laughed and gave us an explanation: “She can’t handle change. Any change in routine throws her off,” said the co-worker. The surprise for me was that the “change” that caused the woman’s bad mood was that the reception desk was moved from the center of the hall to an alcove at the end. It didn’t seem like much of a change to me. That incident made me recall what happened when the boss at one of my former newspapers changed the seating in the office. One woman who sat in the back of the office for years was moved to the front desk. She cried so much when she was told about the change that she had to leave for the day. The next day she said her “nerves were acting up so much” and she had to take a leave of absence. She simply couldn’t handle change of any kind. Change often isn’t easy. The biggest change I found the courage to make came when I moved from Pennsylvania to Florida. I left behind a wonderful support system of friends that I cherish to move to a new place where I knew absolutely no one. I had no family here, no friends, no support system of any kind. I knew nothing about the area where I moved and couldn’t even find my way to Walmart or the grocery store. I had to keep asking for directions and even that didn’t keep me from getting lost the first time I ventured out at night. But I can honestly say I never regretted making the change. The happiness I’ve found in my new life here was hard to imagine until I found the courage to make the change. In life, we are all sometimes standing on one side of a door, not knowing what is on the other side. Are you the type who can open that door? Or, do you thrive best with the status quo? Contact Pattie Mihalik at newsgirl@comcast.net. Login or register to post comments PrintThis ShareThis American Flags Home News Classifieds Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Sports Customer Service About Us Advertise Digital Guidelines Privacy Policy Photos Reproduction is prohibited without the express written consent of the Times News, LLC. © 2017
Our site uses cookies. By continuing to use our site you are agreeing to our cookies policy.Accept and close Accessibility LinksSkip to content Sunday April 23 2017 SubscribeLog in Read the full article Just register a few details. Get access Killer pensioner is the personification of evil, says judge Stuart MacDonald April 22 2017, 12:01am, The Times Andrew Watson has refused to reveal where he buried Lise Fredette’s bodyPressteam A Scottish expatriate pensioner has been branded “the personification of evil” after murdering his ex-girlfriend and hiding her body. Andrew Watson, 79, bludgeoned Lise Fredette to death with a shovel before putting her body in his car and dumping it at an unknown location in Canada. Her remains have not been found. Prosecutors told Peterborough Superior Court of Justice in Ontario that Watson was a “jilted and controlling” ex-boyfriend and he had killed Ms Fredette, 74, as the “final act of harassing her”. Watson, originally from Edinburgh, was arrested ten days after the grandmother was last seen leaving her job at Walmart on November 12, 2014. Her glasses and keys were found next to her car at home and there was blood in her driveway.… Want to read more? Register with a few details to continue reading this article. Get access Already a subscriber? Login You are now logged out Your choice of two articles a week Unlock quality journalism on the topics that you decide matter mostRegister now Or enjoy full access Subscribe and catch up with all the stories behind the headlinesSubscribe today Already a member? Log in Back to top Get in touch Contact us Help The Times Editorial Complaints The Sunday Times Editorial Complaints Place an announcement Classified advertising Display advertising The Times corrections The Sunday Times corrections More from The Times and The Sunday Times The Times e-paper The Sunday Times e-paper Times Currency Services The Sunday Times Wine Club Encounters Dating Times Print Gallery The Times Archive Times Crossword Club Sunday Times Driving Times+ The Sunday Times Rich List Insider City Guides Good University Guide Parent Power © Times Newspapers Limited 2017.  Registered in England No. 894646.  Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, SE1 9GF. Privacy & cookie policy Syndication Commissioning Terms Terms and conditions Stay well-informed Receive complimentary access to two articles from The Times and The Sunday Times every weekGet access now No credit card requiredI'm ok thanks
Home Weather 65° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Vote Ways 2 Save Home Connect TV More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Vote Ways 2 Save Home Connect TV Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Two Glynn Co. Walmart shoppers arrested with weed plant in car First Coast News , WTLV 8:59 PM. EDT April 21, 2017 CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST GLYNN COUNTY, Ga. -- According to a press release from the Glynn County Police Department, Michael Lucik and Jessica Smith were arrested after someone called about 2-foot-tall weed plant in their parked car. Police also found jars containing marijuana, marijuana seeds, peat pods containing more seeds, agricultural supplies, Oxycodone, Adderall, Klonopin, rolling papers and pipes. After police were tipped off they staked out the car and arrested the pair when they exited the Walmart once they were done shopping.      © 2017 WTLV-TV CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Raw video: Disturbance on American Airlines flight to DFW Corrine Brown Interview Tom Coughlin talks about the possibility of the Jaguars trading down in the draft AA employee off duty after argument ABC 20/20: Caitlyn Jenner and Diane Sawyer Fire in Southside Authorities are investigating a "shoot list" from Clay County Mother and unborn child fatally stabbed 8-year-old boy died after being found unresponsive in Ortega Duval superintendent selected as next leader of Detroit public schools More Stories Corrine Brown: 'On my tombstone, it will not say… Apr 22, 2017, 6:15 p.m. Woman, unborn child dead after stabbing in Brentwood Apr 22, 2017, 10:13 p.m. Reported woods fire in Southside Jacksonville: JSO Apr 22, 2017, 3:47 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home National Politics Weather 7 Day Forecast Closings & Delays Radars Hurricane Central Conditions Beach Cam More... Weather Alerts Weather Apps Health Detail Mosquito Report Location Search Local Florida News Georgia News On Your Side Strange News Military News Health News More... Education News Jax Business Journal News Hurricane Central #YouFirst News Tips Buddy Check 12 On Point Business News Good Morning Jacksonville Zika Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Year in Review If My Parents Only Knew First Coast Brews Nation Now /section/global/nation-now-old /section/global/nation-now Traffic Gas Prices Traffic Map Travel Sports Georgia-Florida High School Football FSU Seminoles High School Sports College Football Athlete of the Week More... Gators First From You Jaguars Golf News 2016 Olympics RSM Classic Taxslayer Bowl NASCAR NCAA Basketball Tournament The Players Super Bowl Features Entertainment Community The Chat First Coast Living Student of the Week Life In Balance More... Buddy Check 12 Lottery What's Cooking Publix Kitchen 26.2 With Donna Pet Health Tips Contests Men Wear Gowns, too Oscars Teacher of the Week Ways To Save T.D. Jakes CIL Chat Vote Magnify Money Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights NORAD Santa Tracker Grammys About Meet The Team ABC 25 Schedule NBC 12 Schedule Jobs at FCN Contact Us Advertise with Us More... Appearance Requests Closed Captioning Appearance Request Weather FAQ ABC Player Justice Network Privacy Terms Community Rules Ad Choices RSS Connect With Us Newsletters Text Alerts FCC Public Inspection File Conversation Guidelines Crossword The Chat Player USA Today Social Player Weather Apps FCN Connects First Coast Living Player Whats On NBC USA Today Social Player Survey Cobrand Header Cobrand Footer Only © 2017 WTLV-TV Services Advertise With Us Closed Captioning First Coast News Jobs TV Schedule FCC Online Public Inspection File Terms of Service Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Ad Choices Our Partners NBC ABC Cars.com Jacksonville Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
