AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments Lawsuit: Woman claims excessive force by Homewood police at Walmart arrest Video of woman handcuffed on floor of Homewood Walmart sparks investigation Print Email Kent Faulk | kfaulk@al.com By Kent Faulk | kfaulk@al.com The Birmingham News Email the author | Follow on Twitter on February 01, 2017 at 1:38 PM, updated February 01, 2017 at 2:12 PM comments A black woman who was taken to the floor and handcuffed inside the Walmart in Homewood by police after she refused to let them search her purse has filed a federal civil rights and excessive force lawsuit. The incident sparked protests. Attorneys for Brenda Rivers filed the lawsuit late Tuesday in U.S. District Court in Birmingham. The lawsuit names Homewood's police department and officer Corey Lenard as defendants. Homewood City Attorney Michael Kendrick said the city had not received the lawsuit yet so he could not comment. A spokesman for the police department also said they had not yet received a copy of the lawsuit. Rivers was inside the Walmart Supercenter on Lakeshore Parkway in Homewood on Dec. 1 when police were in pursuit of a suspect in Walmart who stole the wallet of a customer while in the store, the lawsuit states. Rivers alleges that while she was in Walmart, she was approached by police who asked to search her purse. She refused and was arrested for "failure to comply." Rivers then alleges that one officer, identified in the lawsuit as Lenard, "slammed" her to the ground "or otherwise made physical contact with her." After Rivers was approached by the law enforcement officers to search her purse, Rivers indicated to the defendants she had just entered the store, the lawsuit claims. "After Rivers was arrested and slammed to the ground, the shopper who had her wallet stolen identified that Rivers was not the person who stole the wallet. The Defendants continued to keep Rivers in handcuffs on the floor under arrest," the lawsuit states. "Defendant Lenard's actions have deprived Rivers of her Constitutional and civil rights," the lawsuit states. "Specifically, Defendant Lenard violated the Plaintiff's Fourth Amendment rights against an unreasonable search and seizure as there existed no valid and supportable probable cause or reasonable suspicion that the Plaintiff had committed a crime." The lawsuit also claims Lenard violated River's Fourth Amendment rights by using excessive force and her Fifth Amendment right of due process. Rivers suffered physical injuries, pain, mental anguish and emotional distress, the lawsuit states. Rivers was caused to seek medical treatment, and was prevented from going about her normal activities due to her injuries, the lawsuit claims. Rivers was "unlawfully searched, detained and falsely imprisoned" and caused to incur medical expenses. The officer, who Homewood police have declined to identify, was found not to have violated any state law or departmental policy. But after the incident Homewood police announced the officer involved in the incident had been reassigned to the department's training division. The move came after police officials met with Black Lives Matter activists. Homewood Walmart Lawsuit by KentFaulk on Scribd Here's what you can watch this month ... See the list» Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Amazon vs. Walmart: Where can you get the best deal with free shipping? With free, two-day shipping at Walmart, it pays to shop around. Post to Facebook Amazon vs. Walmart: Where can you get the best deal with free shipping? With free, two-day shipping at Walmart, it pays to shop around.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jXv5pe {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 6 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Reviews Deals Electronics Home & Outdoors Amazon vs. Walmart: Where can you get the best deal with free shipping? Keith W Barry , Reviewed.com 10:29 a.m. ET Feb. 1, 2017 190 Shares Amazon vs. Walmart: Where can you get the best deal with free shipping?  (Photo: Reviewed.com) — Our editors review and recommend products to help you buy the stuff you need. If you make a purchase by clicking one of our links, we may earn a small share of the revenue. Our picks and opinions are independent from any business incentives. Amazon Prime may offer free, two-day shipping on 30 million items—but there’s a catch: The program costs $10.99 a month, and food and household essentials often require further subscriptions. Now, Walmart is taking on Amazon directly, offering free two-day shipping without a membership as long as customers spend at least $35. If you’re wondering where to shop, Reviewed.com’s team of expert bargain hunters searched popular products in 10 categories to find out where you can get the best deal. What we found might surprise you: When it comes to everyday essentials, Walmart tends to have better prices. And with free, two-day shipping, it now matches Amazon Prime for convenience. For its part, Amazon tends to focus on selection and mark down the products that sell well on its own site. Of course, the prices of specific items change all the time, and where you decide to shop should still depend on what you need, but Amazon loyalists may want to give Walmart a second look. Laundry detergent  (Photo: Reviewed.com / Jonathan Chan) There’s a dizzying array of Tide detergents for sale, so we picked a best seller at both Walmart and Amazon. A 130 oz. container of Tide Simply Clean & Fresh HE Liquid Laundry Detergent, Refreshing Breeze Scent is good for 89 loads of laundry, and sells for $8.97 at Walmart. At Amazon, it’s on sale for $15.97 without Prime, or $19.49 with. RELATED: The best laundry detergents Granted, you’d have to buy four containers—or spend an additional $26.03—to qualify for free shipping at Walmart, but you also don’t need a Prime subscription. Amazon: $15.97 Walmart: $8.97 The verdict: Walmart, by $10.52 A robot vacuum cleaner  (Photo: Reviewed.com / Jonathan Chan) The iRobot Roomba 650 Vacuum Cleaning Robot was one of the most popular items sold during the holidays. It’s $299 at both [Walmart] and Amazon, but you don’t need a Prime subscription to get free two-day shipping from Walmart. RELATED: The best robot vacuum cleaners Amazon: $299 Walmart: $299 The verdict: Walmart, by a Prime subscription Critically acclaimed television You're not going to find shows like this on VUDU.  (Photo: Amazon) Depending on what you like to watch, this is no contest. After all, Amazon’s Prime Video features a slew of must-see shows like Transparent and The Grand Tour. Walmart’s free VUDU subscription service puts ads in the middle of movies, and lacks new releases. The verdict: Amazon, by a season of The Man in the High Castle Cleaning supplies Move over, Amazon—Walmart now offers free two-day shipping on orders over $35.  (Photo: Walmart) We found a 32 oz. spray bottle of Clorox Clean-Up All Purpose Cleaner with Bleach at Walmart for $2.88. At Amazon, it costs $3.49—and requires not only Amazon Prime membership, but Amazon Prime Fresh membership. Prime Fresh delivers items directly from local grocery stores, but costs an additional $14.99 a month, only offers free grocery deliveries on sales over $40, and is not available in all areas. In fact, it looks like many popular cleaning products on Amazon are only available at their lowest prices through Prime Fresh, including items from Windex, Clorox, Lysol, and Method. If you buy in bulk, you might find savings on Amazon. But if you’re hoping to clean up without getting your wallet cleaned out, it looks like Walmart is a better bet. Amazon: $3.49 Walmart: $2.88 The verdict: Walmart, by $0.13—plus $14.99 a month. Batteries Whether it’s to power a smoke alarm, remote control, or the remote control toy you just got your kid, everyone needs batteries. At Walmart, a 16 pack of Duracell AAAs cost $10.97. At Amazon, they’re just $9.99 with free next-day shipping for Prime members. But if you switch to AA, Walmart’s price stays the same even though Amazon’s batteries jump to $15.83. Amazon starts to get more competitive when you buy batteries in bulk. You can get a hundred Duracell AA and a hundred Duracell AAA batteries for 34 cents a battery, which beats nearly every deal at Walmart. Amazon: $9.99 Walmart: $10.97 The verdict: Amazon, for at least $0.93 Home electronics Walmart tends to do better when it comes to essentials, while Amazon has a greater selection.  (Photo: Walmart) Many people are replacing their speaker systems with soundbars—all-in-one speakers that are are easy to install and don’t take up much space. We checked out a Vizio SB3821 soundbar that’s a top seller at both Walmart and Amazon and found it on sale for $138.00 at Walmart and $138.99 at Amazon. With free two-day shipping, the edge goes to Walmart. For items like TVs and higher-end cameras, it pays to shop around. But for popular electronics items, it may be worth checking out Walmart first. Amazon: $138.99 Walmart: $138.00 The verdict: Walmart, by 99 cents and two days Food With over 16,000 food items available with free, two-day shipping, Walmart is the clear winner when it comes to value. You don’t need to buy in bulk, subscribe to Amazon Fresh, or build a Pantry box to get savings, either. You just have to spend $35. However, when it comes to specialty items—like nut-free candies, imported foods, or the sort of mustard you could give as a gift—Amazon has Walmart beat. The verdict: Walmart for essentials, Amazon for something special A worker loads boxes in one of Amazon's fulfillment centers.  (Photo: Amazon) Cooking and baking As with food, Amazon is the clear winner for selection. If you’re looking to order higher-end items right away, Prime is your best bet. Walmart doesn’t offer 2-day shipping on higher-end T-Fal cookware, for instance. When it comes to bargain-priced cookware and bakeware, what’s available at one is often not available at the other. The verdict: Amazon for selection, Walmart for price Office and school supplies Again, Walmart wins for price on certain items—which tend to be the best-sellers that the retailer obsessively keeps marked down. A 96-count box of Crayola crayons is around $4 less than at Amazon—but other crayons aren’t available with free, two-day shipping. Similarly, Amazon's page for crayons has multiple items available from multiple sellers—although a few key products can ship for free to Prime members. Bigger items depend on the store. A TI-84 graphing calculator, for instance, is only available on Prime. It’s almost the same price at Walmart, but it requires a trip to the store. Amazon: $6.44 Walmart: $4.97 The verdict: Amazon for selection, Walmart for best-sellers Pet supplies Dog food and cat litter have one thing in common: They’re both heavy. That’s why it makes sense to ship them. Amazon has nearly 400 kinds of cat litter available on Prime. Walmart only offers free two-day shipping on 35 kinds of litter. Even if you compare them on price, things get closer: 38 lbs. of Arm & Hammer Clump and Seal Litter sells for $19.97 at both Amazon and Walmart. When it comes to dog food, things get a lot worse for Amazon. A 40 lb. bag of Pedigree Adult Complete sells for $22.62 at Amazon—but only if you use the Subscribe and Save discount and set it to automatically reorder alongside multiple items. A 50 lb. bag of the same food sells for $22.98 at Walmart. Other dog foods we examined are similarly more expensive. Amazon: $19.97 Walmart: $19.97 The verdict: Amazon, by $2.98, for cat litter. Walmart for everything else Get the latest deals, news and reviews from Reviewed.com Email Address Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jXv5pe Most Popular Turn iPhone pics into instant prints with this adorable printer 320 Shares The secret to amazing homemade nut butter 85 Shares The best gaming laptops you can buy 118 Shares All your football party essentials are on sale this weekend 164 Shares Our favorite Vizio TVs are on sale at Walmart right now 264 Shares I spent $150 on an Xbox controller—it was totally worth it 179 Shares
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Plans continue to expand KFSM 5 in Northwest Arkansas, station will not keep iconic Fort Smith building Arkansas farmers could have greater access to Cuba’s agriculture markets this year if President Trump approves Rail accounts for nearly 25% of HGLs shipments in U.S. Arkansas ranks near the bottom of retiree offerings Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Gov. Hutchinson tells state agencies to develop ‘contingency plans’ as state tax collections slow Arkansas House panel OK’s legislation that opponents say mirrors ‘anti-Sharia’ law in other states Tort reform amendment filed in Senate; would limit damages, fees Arkansas farmers could have greater access to Cuba’s agriculture markets this year if President Trump approves House passes Rep. Collins’ campus concealed carry bill Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Plans continue to expand KFSM 5 in Northwest Arkansas, station will not keep iconic Fort Smith building Tyson Foods expected to post first-quarter earnings growth of 9.5% Arkansas farmers could have greater access to Cuba’s agriculture markets this year if President Trump approves House passes Rep. Collins’ campus concealed carry bill Video / Podcasts AG Rutledge: State, federal medical marijuana contradictions depend on federal prosecutors Simmons Bank CEO discusses growth environment, says Dodd-Frank could be altered not repealed Sen. Tom Cotton discusses repealing the Affordable Care Act Rep. Collins, Sen. Elliott on GIF, tax cuts, guns and education Sen. Cotton suspects White House may be behind intelligence leaks Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Coach Bielema and his borderline neurotic year The Supply Side: Wal-Mart restructures replenishment operations The Supply Side: Wal-Mart’s recent corporate downsizing raises questions among suppliers Arkansas tourism industry hopes to build off two-year ‘hot streak,’ may face some economic headwinds in 2017 Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us A New Year’s resolution for Walmart Opinion by Boyd Evert (Boyd.evert@harvestrevenue.com) 2 days ago 383 views  Tags: Boyd Evert Wal-Mart Stores 0 SHARES Share Tweet Walmart touches every aspect of our region in a positive way — directly or indirectly employing tens of thousands of people in Northwest Arkansas and generously supporting causes that strengthen our communities. But as their mantra is “how do we do better” next year, I offer these suggestions. My firm works closely with suppliers to help manage deductions at national retailers — co-ops, rollbacks, post audit or other ways retailers pursue money back from suppliers. In recent months, we’ve noticed some trends regarding defectives that cause us some concern. It’s an area we’re encouraging our clients to monitor closely. • Double dipping We’ve seen occasions where a supplier has a defective allowance but is also being charged back for 100% of the cost of unsalable merchandise — plus handling fees. • Discarded merchandise as defective In examining defective claim markdown patterns, we’ve seen sharp spikes at individual stores, often immediately following an event. This could indicate product that didn’t sell is being thrown out, costing suppliers thousands of dollars. • Damaged; not defective Walmart seems to define defective as anything that makes merchandise unsaleable then charges it back to suppliers. If damage was caused by shoppers or store associates, how is that the supplier’s responsibility? None of this is to imply anything malicious. It could be a lack of proper training in handling markdowns or what actually is defective. And, with 1.5 million workers, there will certainly be the occasional bad actor. If these mistakes are happening across all vendors, the financial impact would be huge. Walmart can and should address this. Walmart’s terms and conditions agreement is very one-sided in its favor. With 5,300 points of distribution at stake, most suppliers eventually sign it. But seeking a contractual upper hand isn’t how Sam Walton saw the business. Referencing a cash discount dispute with a supplier, he said: “… we were the victims of a good bit of arrogance from a lot of vendors in those days. They didn’t need us, and they acted that way. I never could understand it.” The statement drips with irony now that roles are reversed. Walmart is the biggest customer for most of its suppliers and can have a “we don’t need you; you need us” approach in its dealings. So, with that in mind, I suggest Walmart adopt these New Year’s resolutions. Play fair. Trying to extract extra revenue out of supplier partners — allowances, OTIF, one-sided terms and conditions, aggressive third-party audit firms — isn’t what made Walmart a great company. It’s trading short-term financial gains for higher consumer prices later, and at the expense of long-time relationships with suppliers. Apply the same standards you have for suppliers to Walmart itself. Be true to Walmart’s original culture. With so many locations, errors are going to happen, but when issues are brought to Walmart’s attention, too often the refrain is “that’s not my area” or “our policy is…” Greater training is needed for associates at all levels. Walmart should be proactive in finding mistakes made within its organization. Own up to them and quickly make things right. Rebuild relationships. Recent policy changes have driven a wedge between suppliers and their buyers. Suppliers tell us they no longer have a partnership — or even a relationship — with their buyer, as decision-making has been spread across the enterprise. It’s described as impersonal, transactional and, at times, extremely difficult to get clear, timely answers to questions. While we’ve been able to identify some extremely helpful resources within the Home Office, front-line customer service for suppliers navigating the Walmart bureaucracy should be a higher priority. As a new fiscal year sets in, suppliers need to have candid conversations with Walmart — and other retailers — about the impact of various policies on their businesses and diligently work to shape a fair playing field that is profitable and productive for both the supplier and retailer. If Walmart will consider and keep these resolutions, it will be easier for all to achieve. Editor’s note: Boyd Evert is the president of Bentonville-based Harvest Revenue Group, a deduction management firm that helps retail suppliers manage and solve pricing, defective, shortage, post audit, on-time shipping and other types of claims with their customers. He can be reached at 479-616-1600. The opinions expressed are those of the author. Comments comments Previous post Fort Smith metro entities consider $200,050 intermodal transportation study Next post J.B. Hunt joins top 100 indexes on NASDAQ Newsletter Sign up to get latest from TB&P in your inbox! Talk Business & Politics Newsletter Sign Up Subscribe Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Tim Leathers Task force could help overhaul Arkansas’ tax code Tusk to Tail Coach Bielema and his borderline neurotic year Michael Pakko The Arkansas economy in 2017: Improving trends to continue John Burris 10 rules for legislators Kathy Deck Arkansas economic growth to continue in 2017, but pace could slow Latest Popular Gov. Hutchinson tells state agencies to develop ‘contingency plans’ as state tax collections slow 7 hours ago Plans continue to expand KFSM 5 in Northwest Arkansas, station will not keep iconic Fort Smith building 8 hours ago Arkansas House panel OK’s legislation that opponents say mirrors ‘anti-Sharia’ law in other states 9 hours ago Tort reform amendment filed in Senate; would limit damages, fees 10 hours ago Tyson Foods expected to post first-quarter earnings growth of 9.5% 11 hours ago Sources: Fayetteville holding company One Country headed for liquidation or sale 2,032 views Arkansas Congressmen mostly mum on Trump’s immigrant travel order, Fayetteville businessman says rule could harm ‘brilliant immigrants’ 1,037 views Coach Bielema and his borderline neurotic year 953 views Fort Smith City Administrator recommends terminating River Valley Sports Complex contract 898 views Gateway Planning says strategic plan will ‘accelerate momentum’ for downtown Fort Smith 686 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Walmart introduces new shipping policy to compete with Amazon BI Intelligence Feb. 1, 2017, 12:11 PM 2,423 facebook linkedin twitter email print BI Intelligence See Also Walmart is poised for a digital shopping spree Walmart acquires ShoeBuy for $70M Amazon is flirting with paid search on Alexa This story was delivered to BI Intelligence "E-Commerce Briefing" subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. To make gains in the e-commerce market and catch up to Amazon, Walmart announced that it will now offer free two-day shipping on orders over $35, according to Business Insider. The new shipping fee policy applies to more than 2 million items in Walmart’s online inventory, and is clearly aimed at undercutting Amazon’s Prime membership service, which offers free two-day shipping to customers who pay a $99 annual fee. The new initiative could help Walmart better compete with Amazon Prime.  The policy will replace ShippingPass, Walmart’s own fee-based, two-day shipping service. ShippingPass was supposed to be Walmart’s answer to Prime, but it failed to gain nearly as much traction. Amazon doesn’t share numbers for Prime subscribers, but one study released last year estimated that more than 63 million Amazon customers — more than half of its customer base — are Prime subscribers. In addition to free shipping, Prime members get perks like access to Amazon Prime streaming music and videos, as well as special Prime member-only sales.  By offering free two-day shipping without a membership fee, Walmart likely hopes to undercut Amazon Prime. Amazon is the clear leader in the e-commerce market — the company just had its best holiday shopping season, capturing more than a third of all online holiday retail sales, according to estimates from Slice Intelligence. In providing an untethered shipping option comparable to Prime's offering, Walmart seems intent on drawing in would-be Prime members who don't want to pay an annual fee.  This latest move comes as Walmart is doubling down on e-commerce. Walmart recently acquired Jet.com, which also offers free two-day shipping on orders over $35, for $3 billion. Walmart and Jet.com have merged their warehousing and supply chain operations, so the two companies will deliver packages through the same fulfillment centers. The announcement of Walmart’s new free shipping offering came directly from Jeff Lore, the former CEO of Jet.com and now CEO of Walmart US E-commerce, hinting that Walmart might seek to add more of Jet.com’s e-commerce innovations to Walmart’s own online store. For example, Walmart could integrate Jet.com’s “smart cart” system that automatically reduces prices if customers order items that ship from the same location. Adding more unique features like this to Walmart’s own online store will be critical if the company is to eat into Amazon’s massive lead in e-commerce. The parcel delivery industry — a segment of the shipping sector that deals with the transportation of packages to consumers — is booming thanks to e-commerce growth, and players outside the industry want a piece of the pie.  BI Intelligence, Business Insider's premium research service, has compiled a detailed report on the future of shipping that looks at efforts by Amazon, Alibaba, and Walmart to handle more of their own shipping and concludes that big retailers are well positioned to disrupt the parcel industry. Here are some of the key points from the report:  Transportation and logistics could be the next billion dollar opportunity for e-commerce companies. The global shipping market, including ocean, air, and truck freight, is a $2.1 trillion market, according to World Bank, Boeing, and Golden Valley Co. There is much at stake for legacy shipping companies, which have seen a boom in parcel delivery as e-commerce spending has risen. Twenty different partners currently share the duties of shipping Amazon's 600 million packages a year, with FedEx, USPS, and UPS moving the most. Amazon, Alibaba, and Walmart have so far focused on building out their last-mile delivery and logistics services but are increasingly going after the middle- and first-mile of the shipping chain.  Amazon has already made major moves across each stage of the shipping journey. It launched same-day delivery service, which it handles through its own fleet of carriers, cutting out any third-party shippers. The company also recently began establishing shipping routes between China and North America. Walmart's interest in expanding its transportation and logistics operations is almost purely related to cost-savings. It's begun leasing shipping containers to transport manufactured goods from China and is making greater use of lockers and in-store pickup options to cut down on delivery costs. Alibaba has begun leasing containers on ships, similar to Amazon's Dragon Boat initiative. This means that Alibaba Logistics can now facilitate first-mile shipping for third-party merchants on its marketplace. In full, the report: Sizes the market for the shipping industry. Explains how the industry operates in broad terms. Suggests why major e-commerce retailers should disrupt the space. Outlines the shipping initiatives of Amazon, Walmart, and Alibaba. Concludes how these moves might impact traditional carriers. Interested in getting the full report? Here are two ways to access it: Subscribe to an All-Access pass to BI Intelligence and gain immediate access to this report and over 100 other expertly researched reports. As an added bonus, you'll also gain access to all future reports and daily newsletters to ensure you stay ahead of the curve and benefit personally and professionally. » START A MEMBERSHIP Purchase & download the full report from our research store. » BUY THE REPORT The choice is yours. But however you decide to acquire this report, you’ve given yourself a powerful advantage in your understanding of the future of shipping. More: BI Intelligence BI Intelligence Content Marketing eCommerce Amazon Walmart Amazon Prime facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Walmart introduces new shipping policy to compete with Amazon Walmart introduces new shipping policy to compete with Amazon This story was delivered to BI Intelligence... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP

Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Here's How Wal-Mart, Target, and Amazon Stack Up on Free Shipping One company has a bold new offer that should make it more competitive. Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Feb 1, 2017 at 10:33AM Earlier this week, Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) tried to jump-start its online business by dropping its $50 annual fee for free two-day shipping, replacing it with an offer of free two-day shipping on any orders over $35. It's a move designed to get people who pay Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) $99 a year for free two-day shipping (and some other perks) through its Prime membership to consider switching. Even if those customers don't drop Amazon Prime, or switch completely to Wal-Mart, the retailer's new offer might encourage people to compare prices more often. Wal-Mart's new eCommerce CEO Marc Lore lauded the move in a press release. The executive has a long history as an entrepreneur and came to his new position when Wal-Mart bought his Jet.com start-up for $3 billion. "I couldn't be more excited. We are moving at the speed of a start-up," said Lore in the press release. "Two-day free shipping is the first of many moves we will be making to enhance the customer experience and accelerate growth." This offer covers "more than two million items," while Prime claims to have "tens of millions of items available in two days." But Wal-Mart is raising the stakes on free shipping and greatly exceeding what Amazon offers non-members, while one-upping retail rival Target's (NYSE:TGT) free shipping plan when it comes to speed of delivery. Wal-Mart ships some online orders from its stores and others from warehouses. Image source: Wal-Mart. What does each company offer? All three major retailers offer some sort of free shipping. Here's a look at the standard offers from Wal-Mart, Target, and Amazon. (Target and Wal-Mart have offered different holiday deals some years.) Wal-Mart: As noted above, the company now offers free, two-day shipping on any order over $35. Target: The retailer actually has a lower free-shipping threshold at $25, but it offers "standard shipping," which takes 3-5 business days. The company also offers free standard shipping on any Target.com order paid for with its REDcard credit or debit card, though not every item is eligible. Amazon: The online retailer clearly wants people to join Prime as its free shipping offer for those not in Prime requires purchases of either $25 in books or $49 of eligible items that are "delivered 5-8 business days after all of your items are available to ship, including pre-order items," according to a company webpage. If you can wait for your items, Target offers a better deal for smaller orders, but the difference between $25 and $35 is generally a question of adding an item or two. Target arguably has a high-quality free shipping offer to REDcard holders, albeit a slow one. Wal-Mart, however, clearly has the best overall free shipping deal with no membership requirements if you combine order minimum and speed of delivery. Can Wal-Mart catch Amazon? Lore deserves credit for thinking like a start-up executive. Wal-Mart simply was not going to get mass buy-in to a $50-a-year free two-day shipping membership program when Amazon Prime already has an estimated 65 million U.S. members. Those consumers are especially loyal to Amazon, estimated to spend on average about $1,200 per year, compared to about $600 per year for non-member customer. It's hard to picture massive numbers of Amazon shoppers dropping Prime and jumping to Wal-Mart. Some value-conscious customers might, but it's likely to be a small amount. Had Wal-Mart made this offer before Amazon had signed up around half the households in the U.S. for Prime, then perhaps the results would be different. Still, while it won't cause an immediate shift in consumer behavior, Wal-Mart's offer should jump-start its e-commerce efforts. Lore has created a deal which might tempt people who rarely shop online and it should make Amazon customers more willing to buy on Walmart.com when that site has the item they want or a better price. It's a long race and Amazon has a really big lead, but thinking like a start-up should help Wal-Mart make up some ground. If this is truly the first move of many, Lore has announced his presence loudly, putting Amazon on notice. Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info Feb 1, 2017 at 10:33AM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $66.70 up $0.47 (0.71%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $839.95 up $7.60 (0.91%) Target NYSE:TGT $63.68 up $0.01 (0.02%) Read More Wal-Mart Raises the Stakes in E-commerce Arms Race With Amazon Berkshire Hathaway Sold $2 Billion of Wal-Mart Stock: Time for You to Sell, Too? 1 Big Reason Amazon Prime Still Has Room to Grow in the U.S. Amazon, Inc.'s AWS Is Crushing It -- and It Has More Room to Run This Wal-Mart Number Will Surprise You Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Here's How Wal-Mart, Target, and Amazon Stack Up on Free Shipping @themotleyfool #stocks $WMT, $AMZN, $TGT
GoSearch WTTV TV Schedule Search Contact Us CBS 4 – Indianapolis News, Weather, Traffic and Sports | WTTV Menu News Community Local Hot Spots Problem Solvers Contests Traffic Sports This Morning Weather 21° 21° Low 16° High 30° Sat 15° 36° Sun 30° 48° Mon 27° 46° See complete forecast Walmart offering free two-day shipping for online orders with no membership required Posted 10:17 am, February 1, 2017, by CBS4 Web Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest × Walmart offering free two-day shipping for online orders with no membership required Walmart has done away with a subscription program that gave customers free two-day delivery for an annual fee. Now, Walmart customers who shop online can get free-day shipping at no additional cost when they make a minimum purchase of $35–no membership required. Customers who want their orders delivered to a local store don’t have to meet a spending threshold. It’s the retail giant’s latest move to counter online juggernaut Amazon, which offers free two-day shipping for Amazon Prime customers who pay $99 a year or $10.99 a month for Prime service. Amazon Prime subscribers get unlimited two-day shipping at no extra cost on eligible items. Last year, Walmart piloted a program called ShippingPass, which gave free two-day shipping to customers who paid a $49 annual fee. The company said ShippingPass is being scrapped, and people who signed up will get their fees refunded. “I couldn’t be more excited. We are moving at the speed of a startup,” said Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart U.S. eCommerce. “Two-day free shipping is the first of many moves we will be making to enhance the customer experience and accelerate growth.” Lore said it “no longer makes sense” to charge customers extra for two-day shipping given the current marketplace. Previously, online Walmart shoppers could get free shipping when buying at least $50 in merchandise, with those orders being delivered in four to six days. The retailer said more than two million items will be eligible for two-day shipping. The program started on Tuesday, Jan. 31. Filed in: National & World, News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest Popular Police: Woman with 5 outstanding warrants leads officers on high-speed pursuit Colts punter Pat McAfee announces retirement to pursue comedy career Could Kansas City Chiefs players follow GM Chris Ballard to Indy? Colts GM Chris Ballard: ‘I’ll figure it out’ Latest News Donnelly to vote against Trump nominees Sessions and DeVos What happened to Indianapolis airman Alec Dye? Rexnord workers hold rally in effort to keep jobs in the US Plainfield Police looking for person behind homemade bombs News Don’t order too late for Christmas! Find shipping deadlines for major retailers National & World News Amazon reveals some of its deals ahead of Black Friday News Looking for Hatchimals? Indiana stores getting new shipments of season’s hottest toy National & World News Walmart announces plans to add 10,000 U.S. jobs in 2017 News Black Friday changing, but IU retail expert says it’s not going anywhere National & World News Amazon unveils Cyber Monday deals, says thousands of items discounted News People in Lawrence facing utility shut off notice after paying bills through third party site News Airbnb offers free housing to those barred from flights to U.S. News Delaware County officials see increase in drug users using heroin in public places News Freebies, discounts for Veterans Day 2016 News Here are the top stories of 2016 in central Indiana National & World News Report says lab results found no evidence of aloe vera in products from Walmart, CVS and Target News Amazon announces online Cyber Monday deals Mobile Apps iOS App Android App Android Weather Authority App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 6910 Network Place Indianapolis, IN 46278 • Copyright © 2017, WTTV • CBS Indianapolis - A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home Shows All Staff Schedule Bernadette Lee Rob Kirkpatrick Brandon Comeaux Ken Romero Dr. John Sutherlin Listen Listen Live Mobile Events Krewe De Bayou – Hollywood Walk Of Fame Mardi Gras Ball Baton Rouge On Tap Full Calendar Submit an Event News Junkies Sign Up Contests VIP Support Win Stuff Contact Us Help & Contact Info Send Feedback Advertise Experts Acadian Total Security Audio Video Innovators Brown’s Furniture Showplace Coccolare Spa Eagle Pest Control and Chemical GMFS Mr Electric National Foundation Repair Piggly Wiggly Reeds Metals Theriot Family Dental Care Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Follow on Instagram Tip Us Noteworthy: Wingin’ It Wednesday Krewe De Bayou Legal Authority Lafayette Live Gas Prices Crime Walmart Announces Free 2-Day Shipping To Compete With Amazon By Rob Kirkpatrick February 1, 2017 8:20 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter This is a very interesting turn of events in the Walmart – Amazon battle for customers. Walmart has announced it will offer free 2-day shipping. The other big difference is that Walmart customers will not have to pay for a membership for the service. Amazon charges $99 for membership to the Prime service. Walmart CEO Marc Lore explained the decision to provide free shipping by saying, “We don’t think it’s necessary to charge a membership for it.” Amazon fans say they are interested to see if the number of items available from Walmart can compete with the seemingly endless stock of Amazon. The service replaces the earlier “ShoppingPass” plan that will be discontinued. For customers who already paid for the service, you will get a refund. Louisiana Ranks High For Sales Tax   Category: Acadiana News | Local News | National News | News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of KPEL 96.5 Closure For Vincent Road At Verot Lafayette Parish Sheriff’s Office Daily Arrest Report One Acadiana Names 2017 Chairman At Regional Celebration (AUDIO) New Phone Scam Demands You Send $1500 To Pay Fine Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the Staff Bernadette Lee Brandon Comeaux Rob Kirkpatrick Moon Griffon Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity Ken Romero Dr. John Sutherlin Steve Peloquin Mark Levin George Noory Kim Komando KPEL 96.5 FM on Facebook Join Now Sign up to get exclusive access to VIP events, contests, coupons, giveaways, presales and much more Sign Up Now MOST RECENT STORIES Crowley Man Pleads Guilty To Sex Crimes With A Minor AstroTurf Stolen From Cecilia High School BYU Signee Lands At School In Helicopter – VIDEO Lafayette House Fire Investigation Reveals Homeowner’s Suicide US Judge Dismissed Louisiana Indigent Defendants’ Suit EEO Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Lafayette Business Listings Welcome back to News Junkies It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to News Junkies It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://kpel965.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to News Junkies (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here News Junkies brought to you by: Sign up for News Junkies Register Now Sign up for News Junkies quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! News Junkies brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive News Junkies contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook News Junkies brought to you by: News Talk 96.5 KPEL Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Toggle Menu Homepage AboutWho We Are About The Center Contact Us Reynolds Center Staff Bios Awards & FellowshipsOpportunities for You Barlett & Steele Awards Reynolds Week in Business Journalism TrainingEnhance Your Skills Self-Guided Training Workshops and Webinars How to Cover Money Podcast Money NewsMoney in the media Must Read Money Stories Beats Agriculture Census Reporting Companies Community Business Journalism Economy Energy | Utilities | Mining Financials Green | Sustainability Health care Insurance Investing | Banking Labor and Employment Manufacturing Personal finance Politics Private Companies and Nonprofits Real estate | Econ development Retail | Lifestyle SEC data Small Business Sports and Money Technology Transportation | Airlines | Travel Ebooks Podcasts Careers & Jobs Contact Us Must-Read Money Stories for Wednesday, Feb. 1 by Kristena Hansen February 1, 2017 Share this! Wal-Mart announced this week that its ShippingPass program is being replaced in an effort to keep pace with Amazon Prime. (Image “Walmart” by Mike Mozart via Flickr, CC license by 2.0.) Fuss over Mnuchin’s foreign funds Steve Mnuchin, the nominee for treasury secretary who would serve as the nation’s top economic point-person, is facing escalated scrutiny about the extent of his foreign investments, unnamed political aides told CNN on Tuesday. The concerns center around a series of finance entities, including one based in the Cayman Islands, that were managed by Mnuchin’s hedge fund. Senate Democrats say it raises questions about conflicts of interest, the potential influence Mnuchin’s former investment partners may hold and whether Mnuchin deliberately misled Congress on related facts during his recent confirmation hearing. Possible rate hike pause Forecasts for three interest rate hikes this year may likely be postponed Wednesday by the U.S. Federal Reserve, which economists say is shifting into a holding pattern until Trump offers clarity and details of his proposals for tax cuts, regulation rollbacks and large infrastructure spending, according to Reuters. The nation’s central bank raised rates for the second time in a decade during its meeting in December and Fed Chair Janet Yellen made remarks last week noting the U.S. economy’s near-full employment and potential impacts to inflation should they be too slow in raising rates. Wal-Mart takes on Amazon Prime Less than two years after its 2015 rollout, Wal-Mart’s ShippingPass program is being axed and replaced with a similar free-delivery program that no longer requires an annual membership fee. It marks Wal-Mart’s latest effort to keep up with Amazon and its popular Prime membership program, which boasts a whopping 65 million estimated members, according to this Associated Press article published by U.S. News & World Report. But economists say they’re still skeptical whether Wal-Mart’s new plan goes far enough. Particularly with regard to the new $35 minimum threshold needed to unlock free shipping on individual orders—a threshold that’s nonexistent for Prime members. U.S. home prices post November gains National home prices saw a 5.6 percent year-over-year climb in November while 20 metropolitan areas posted higher than expected gains for the fourth consecutive month, according to data released Tuesday by the S&P CoreLogic Case-Shiller index. But continued upticks in mortgage interest rates, employment and wages may intensify existing pressures on housing prices, which are already rising roughly twice as fast as inflation, according to Bloomberg. Related Posts Must-Read Money Stories for Friday, Jan. 27 Must-Read Money Stories for Monday, Jan. 30 Must-Read Money Stories for Tuesday, January 31 Must-Read Money Stories Search Our Site Search for: Subscribe to Our Podcast     Latest News Business Story Ideas: How to Localize the Super Bowl Share this!This Sunday’s Super Bowl LI has plenty of local angles for February 2, 2017 Must-Read Money Stories for Thursday, February 2 Share this!Facebook loses Facebook lost in a $500 million lawsuit February 2, 2017 Donald W. Reynolds National Center for Business Journalism Walter Cronkite School of Journalism & Mass Communication Arizona State University 555 N. Central Ave. Suite 306 Phoenix, AZ 85004-1248 602-496-5555 businessjournalism@businessjournalism.org The Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication © 2016 Copyright Donald W. Reynolds National Center for Business Journalism. All Rights reserved. Privacy Policy   Close Window Loading, Please Wait! This may take a second or two. Get daily money story ideas when you get Must Read Money delivered straight to your inbox. Subscribe to our mailing list
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Food & Drink Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Home Restaurants Fast Food Celebrity Chefs Extreme Foods Food Trends Holiday Beer Is Walmart's 'craft beer' really craft? Published February 01, 2017 FoxNews.com Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print  (Reuters) Walmart has been selling its own line of "craft" beers since 2016. Since the six-and 12-can variety packs debuted, the discount retailer has been scaling the alcoholic offering and the beers are now available in 3,000 stores across 45 states. But should brews like Walmart’s “Cat’s Away IPA,” “After Party Pale Ale” and “Pack of Trouble” really be considered “craft?” According to the Brewers Association, an American craft brewer is defined as a “small, independent and traditional.” 5 THINGS YOU DIDN'T KNOW ABOUT MILLER LITE How small is "small?" The Association says to be considered craft, a brewer must have an annual production of six million barrels of beer or less. To be “independent,” fewer than 25 percent of the brewery should be owned or controlled by “an alcoholic beverage industry member that is not itself a craft brewer.” And “traditional” means that the brewer’s product is mostly derived from “traditional or innovative brewing ingredients and their fermentation.” So, does Walmart, which opereates over 11,000 stores around the globe, qualify? According to a new Washington Post analysis, it’s debatable. The chain collaborates with a company called “Trouble Brewing” to brew its signature beers. But, according to the Post, "Trouble Brewing" doesn't really exist. Instead, the applicant listed on the filings with the Treasury Department’s Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB) is “Winery Exchange, Inc.” That company has since turned into WX Brands. WX Brands “develops exclusive brands of wine, beer and spirits for retailers around the world,” according to its website. But under the “brewery address” section of the TTB filings, Genesee Brewing’s business office in Rochester, N.Y. is listed instead. Genesee is owned by another company that brews Costa Rican lager amid other industrial brands-- i.e. they produce well over the prescribed amount that would be considered "small." FOR THE LATEST FOOD  FEATURES FOLLOW FOX LIFESTYLE ON FACEBOOK  Though the name "Walmart" doesn't appear anywhere on its beer cans, Walmart insists they aren’t trying to trick customers. “We were intentional about designing a package that conveyed a look and feel you’d expect of craft beer,” Teresa Budd, a senior buyer for Walmart’s adult beverage team, told The Post. Whether or not it passes your definition of craft, Walmart's beer has a leg up on its competition when it comes to price.  The beer retails for $7.96 for a six-pack and $13.86 for the variety pack with 12 beers. Advertisement Trending in Food & Drink 1 Mattis says US would have 'effective and overwhelming' response to North Korea nuke attack 2 Trump to Israel: Settlements ‘may not help’ achieve peace in the Middle East 3 Donald Trump plans to undo Dodd-Frank law, fiduciary rule 4 Democrats fuming over Gorsuch backed him in 2006 5 Former NYC Mayor Ed Koch dies at 88 See all Trends From Around the Web Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Q&A Finding Value in Apple, Nike, Allergan, Wal-Mart Top-performing Becker Value Equity fund is loading up on beaten-down big names and shunning utilities. By Teresa Rivas Biography Jan. 31, 2017 5:53 a.m. ET Value investing fell out of favor for many years before it finally recaptured the spotlight in 2016, bringing the focus back to fundamentals. Marian... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. The Personal-Finance App That Saved Me $1,448 Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Steve Jobs’ Family Cuts Disney Stake in Half Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Breaking Down the Apple Watch’s ‘Best Quarter Ever’ Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. The Best ‘America First’ Trades to Make Today Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Tax Reform Bogs Down, Iran Tensions Heat Up Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Watch Out for Disney on Hulu and YouTube 2 Bringing Banking to Would-Be Entrepreneurs in Poverty 3 Apple Loses Ground to Rivals in China Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
WFTV Orlando LIVE http://www.wftv.com/cmg-main-theme/css WFTV Orlando SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wftv profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12384721 Home 12384770 News County by County National/World News 9 Investigates Action 9 CFL Spotlight Politics Watch Live Movie Awards Season Pulse Shooting 12384727 Weather 5 Day Forecast LIVE: Doppler 9 HD Local Maps Hour-by-Hour Hacks and Facts Lifestyle Forecasts 12384812 Traffic Traffic News I-4 Ultimate Project Pump Patrol 12384830 Sports High School Football Orlando Magic Orlando City Soccer Super Bowl College & Pro Sports 12384884 Videos 12384962 9 Family TV 27 Community Connection Cox Conserves Science Center Weather Experience Black History Month Aging Parents 12385010 Home Experts Toyota of Orlando Toyota of Clermont Shop CFL Legal Headlines The Daily Two Automotive Buy/Sell 12384974 icFlorida Local Events Entertainment Movies Pets Theme Parks/Attractions Contests 12385052 ABOUT WFTV WFTV News Team WFTV Mobile Apps WFTV Listings TV 27 TV Listings WFTV.com Media Kit WFTV.com Member Help Jobs at WFTV/WRDQ More WFTV Newsletter Sign Up Delivered To Your Inbox Newsletter: Sign Up Please Wait Thank You for Subscribing! Your newsletters will be arriving soon. Wife of Pulse shooter present at preparations for attack, but unaware, attorney argues Updated: Feb 1, 2017 - 4:11 AM Twtter OAKLAND, Calif. - The wife of Pulse nightclub shooter Omar Mateen admits she was there when he drove by the club on a scouting mission and was with him at Walmart when he purchased ammunition, a motion filed Tuesday in California federal court said. She did not know the true reason for the visits, though, her attorneys argued in the court filing. Related Headlines Surveillance footage shows Pulse patrons fleeing Pulse victims, survivors honored at Rose Parade Orlando SWAT team shares tactics from night of Pulse attack with other agencies Pledging allegiance to the Islamic State terrorist organization, Mateen went into Pulse nightclub in the early morning of June 12 and opened fire, killing 49 and injuring 53 others. Salman is accused of obstructing justice and attempted provision of material support to a terrorist organization. Tuesday’s court filing is asking for Salman to be released on bond from the Alameda County Jail pending her trial and/or extradition to Florida. WFTV's full coverage of the Pulse massacre Salman was with Mateen when he drove by Pulse, a popular gay club, on a “purported scouting trip,” but media reports mischaracterized what happened, the court filing said. “The defense proffers that the evidence will show that the purported scouting trip occurred while the family was on their way home from babysitting the children of a relative, that Mateen chose to drive into Orlando and to pass by the Pulse nightclub, and that Noor, who did not possess a driver’s license at the time, was, at most, a reluctant passenger who wanted to go home,” the motion said. Likewise, Salman admits that she was with Mateen when he went to a local Walmart to buy ammunition which would later be used in the attack, the court filing said. She believed they were at the store getting copies of their condo keys made and buying a toy for their young son, her attorneys argued. When she saw Mateen in the sporting goods section purchasing ammunition, he told her he needed it to train for his job as a security guard, the filing said. “Although Noor may have been present when Mateen was possibly making preparations (for the Pulse attack), mere presence alone is insufficient to establish (the charge of) aiding and abetting,” the motion said. The months leading up to the Pulse massacre Mateen and Salman met on an online dating site in 2011 and after a brief courtship they married, court records say. It was Salman’s second marriage – she had been wed when she was 19 in an arranged marriage to a man from her father’s hometown in Palestine. After several years of control and abuse, that marriage ended in divorce in 2009, Salman’s attorneys said. Her marriage to Mateen was not much different, court documents claim. “About six months into the marriage, and while she was pregnant, Mateen’s behavior toward Noor became violent and abusive,” court documents say. “He threatened to kill her if she left and that he would take custody of her son.” Related stories: Pulse gunman's widow pleads not guilty to 2 federal charges Photos: Courtroom sketches of Noor Salman Wife of Pulse gunman to face judge Tuesday on charges she helped terrorist organization Mateen started abusing steroids, which made him even more unpredictable, her attorneys said. “Faced with an abusive husband who was rapidly succumbing to steroid abuse, Noor dedicated herself to her son,” a Tuesday court filing said. Salman said she knew her husband had been interviewed by the FBI before about alleged terrorist ties and that she saw him “watching violent videos, from what appeared to be the Middle East, online,” the filing said. “(But) when Noor attempted to question Mateen about his activities, he threatened her that she should stay out of his business,” court records said. Weeks leading up to the Pulse massacre In the weeks immediately preceding the Pulse attack, Mateen’s mood changed drastically for the better, court documents say. “For the first time in the couple’s marriage, he agreed to take a family trip to California so that Noor could visit her mother and family,” a motion filed Tuesday said. “He allowed her to get a driver’s license. He also purchased an engagement ring and earrings. “He provided her with $500 in spending money with which she could purchase gifts for her family and clothes for herself.” Before that, Mateen had given Salman an allowance of about $20 a week, court documents said. His improved mood turned out to have a more sinister source as the night of June 11 approached, her attorneys said. The day before the Pulse massacre The night before the shooting, Mateen told Salman he was going out to see a friend. “Noor asked him to stay because she hoped that they could spend the evening together as a family,” her attorneys said. “After Mateen left, Noor took her son out to Appleby’s for dinner and bought a shirt and Father’s Day card for Mateen for Father’s Day, which was the following weekend,” Tuesday’s court filing said. Afterward, the two went home and went to bed. In the middle of the night, Salman was startled awake by a phone call from her mother-in-law, who said Mateen had promised to stop by her house for Ramadan but never showed up, Salman’s attorneys said. When Salman tried to call him, Mateen did not answer. “So she texted him, ‘Where are you?’ to which he responded, ‘Do you see what’s happening?’ She responded, ‘No.’ to which he responded, ‘I love you, babe,’" Tuesday’s court filing said. “That was the last communication she had with Mateen,” Friends and family speak out In asking Salman be given bond, both her mother and uncle offered to put up their homes as collateral for her release. Salman’s aunt, Emtiyaz Adieh, gave a detailed description of what happened in the days following the Pulse attack. Four days after the shooting, Adieh said she contacted the FBI and asked if it would be OK to pick up Salman and her son and bring them to Mississippi to stay with her. Who is Noor Salman, wife of Orlando mass shooter? “The FBI agent in Orlando … told me the FBI had nothing on her and nothing holding her, and I was free to come and get Noor,” Adieh wrote to the court. She flew to Orlando, rented a car, picked up Salman and her son and took the pair to a hotel, where they were met by an FBI agent. “The FBI agent gave Noor her purse that the FBI had previously taken the night of the incident and gave her a new cellphone (provided by the FBI),” Adieh said. Once in Mississippi, she said the FBI constantly drove by her home but never spoke to Salman. In September, Adieh said she contacted the FBI again and asked if it would be OK for Salman and her son to move to California to live with family. More Pulse shooting stories: Pulse nightclub hostage texted Orlando police: 'He just reloaded, please be careful' Pulse club owner says she can't 'walk away' after backing out of deal to sell to city Pulse gunman angry in audio over airstrikes in Iraq, Syria “When we left from Mississippi, we were accompanied by two (FBI) cars, one in front of us and one behind us, with four agents total,” Adieh wrote to the court. “They accompanied us the entire way to California. Wherever we stopped, they stopped. Wherever we slept, they slept. “They never talked to us during this trip.” Salman was arrested at her family’s California home on Jan. 16 and has been held at the Santa Rita Jail in Alameda County, California, ever since. ‘American as apple pie’ In arguing for her release from jail, Salman’s friends and family argued that she was incapable of having any involvement in the Pulse attack. “My impression of Noor was as such a kind, sweet, simple girl, I could see that she was someone that a lesser individual might take advantage of because of her sweet, trusting nature,” Salman’s high school math teacher, Heather Hayden, wrote to the court. “Noor is as American as apple pie,” her cousin Rana Omar said. “I know she is incapable of knowing anything that has been claimed on the news. She would never hurt anyone.” Omar added that Salman “is very childlike in her manner,” and loves to wear “Hello Kitty” clothing. Very childlike in her manner." -- Rana Omar, Noor Salman's cousin Family friend Lauri Jaber, who has known Salman since the two were infants, said it was not in her nature to be involved in a hate crime like the Pulse attack. “Someone’s race, religion and identity never stopped Noor from becoming friends with someone,” Jaber wrote. With Mateen gone, Salman’s attorneys argued that she was not a flight risk, or a risk to the public at large, if the court decided to grant her bond. “Noor, unlike other terrorism defendants, was only present as a wife, and an abused wife at that,” a Tuesday court filing said. “The removal of the perpetrator husband mitigates the danger posed by the serious nature of the crime.” Salman is scheduled to appear in California federal court Wednesday. © 2017 Cox Media Group. Twtter Wife of Pulse shooter present at preparations for attack, but unaware,… 9 Investigates: Local church offering 'legal' ayahuasca Activists face backlash after announcing Friday's Black Lives Matter… Vietnam vet waiting for justice after attack by Howard Middle School… Broadway's ‘Hamilton' coming to Orlando's Dr. Phillips Center News Local News National/World News Video Traffic WFTV Weather Weather LIVE: Doppler 9 HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WFTV EEOC Statement WFTV Public File WRDQ Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Log In 0 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month Print + Online Subscriber Activation Register Subscribe News Sports Entertainment Life Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds log in The name left off the 'craft' label: Walmart Tuesday Jan 31, 2017 at 11:10 AM Jan 31, 2017 at 11:10 AM By Fritz Hahn, The Washington Post Many beer geeks spent the end of 2016 debating their list of the year's best releases — Voodoo's ManBearPig imperial stout? Tree House's King JJJuliusss double IPA? Ocelot's Talking Backwards triple IPA? — and looking back at the rising tides of sour beers and fruit-flavored IPAs. But one of the biggest beer developments of the past 12 months is this: Walmart now sells its own "craft" beer. Go ahead and laugh. I'm assuming most beer lovers don't spend much time thinking about the craft ales and lagers in the cooler at Walmart, especially if the selection is as mediocre as the one at my local D.C. store, where the few sixers and sampler 12-packs of Flying Dog, New Belgium and Dogfish Head are dwarfed by 30-packs of Natural Light and Tecate. But market research firm Placed Insights ranks Walmart as the most popular store in the country, with more than half of all American shoppers visiting one of the company's 4,600 stores in a given month. That's a lot of eyes falling on those products. Teresa Budd, a senior buyer for Walmart's adult beverage team, says the company began to notice its craft beer sales growing a few years ago, especially compared with sales of mainstream domestic beers. The company put out an offer to suppliers around the country, seeking to produce an IPA, a pale ale, an amber ale and a Belgian-style ale, Budd says, because "those were the top four best-selling craft styles at the time." After samplings and tastings, "making sure it's exactly what we want," Walmart began producing beer in "collaboration" with a company called Trouble Brewing in Rochester, N.Y. The beers launched in six-packs and a 12-can variety pack in early 2016, and they're found in 3,000 stores across 45 states. Budd says the response from consumers has been enthusiastic, and the line may expand with new or seasonal beers in the future. Unlike the house-brand beers of some of the company's competitors, including Costco and Trader Joe's, Trouble Brewing offers no clue on the label to tell you that Walmart was behind its creation. A shopper heading down the aisle to look for Samuel Adams or Miller High Life might see the ersatz-hipster labels of Cat's Away IPA and After Party Pale Ale, or the distressed fonts and "torn"-look packaging of the Pack of Trouble variety 12-pack, and assume they were made by some new craft brewery that just hit the market. It's also hard to ignore the price: $7.96 for a six-pack and $13.86 for the variety pack. That's $3 to $5 cheaper than other craft beers on the same shelf. Lower cost and perceived value are a competitive advantage for established store house brands: Most of Trader Joe's "exclusive" brews, such as Mission St. IPA and JosephsBrau Bohemian Lager, cost $6.49 to $6.99 per six-pack, or $1.09 to $1.17 each for shoppers who mix and match. A 22-ounce bottle of Green Flash Fearless Fifty, an exclusive saison created by the San Diego brewery for Trader Joe's 50th anniversary, is $5.99. At Costco, a whopping 48-pack of its Signature Light Beer costs $22.49. (Of course, you have to buy in bulk.) Another thing these store brands have in common is a tendency to deliberately obscure — or flat-out conceal — where the beer is coming from. In the case of Walmart, no American brewery with the name Trouble Brewing actually exists. The applicant listed on filings for the four beers with the Treasury Department's Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB) is "Winery Exchange, Inc.," now known as WX Brands, which "develops exclusive brands of wine, beer and spirits for retailers around the world," according to its website. The brewery address given on the TTB documents is Genesee Brewing's business office. Genesee is not a craft brewery, which the national Brewers Association defines as small, independent and traditional; it's owned by Costa Rica-based Florida Ice and Farm, which brews that country's Imperial Lager and other industrial brands. Its flagship American beers, Genesee and Genesee Cream Ale, are cheap college-party staples, and it's tough to convince people that your brand is hip and craft when those are the other products coming out of the tanks. Walmart's Budd says there's no intention to deceive consumers, pointing out that Walmart doesn't put the company name on its private label brands, whether camping gear or cat food. "We were intentional about designing a package that conveyed a look and feel you'd expect of craft beer," she said. Likewise, previous variety packs of Costco's Kirkland Signature Handcrafted Beer, which will return to stores this spring, claimed that the IPAs and brown ales came from either New Yorker Brewer in Utica, N.Y., or Hopfen und Malz in San Jose, depending on where the beer was purchased. The TTB reveals they're brewed at F.X. Matt (the home of Saranac) and Gordon Biersch, respectively. Trader Joe's sources its beers from several brewers. Most German-style beers purport to be from JosephsBrau Brewing while actually being contract-brewed by Gordon Biersch; the Mission Street IPA and Session Pale Ale beers are brewed by Salt Lake City's Four + Brewing, a pseudonym for Uinta, after years of being produced under contract at the well-respected Firestone Walker. Fat Weasel's label says it's brewed by "River Trent Brewing Company, Ukiah, CA," while it actually comes from Mendocino Brewing. And so on. Affordable beers made by breweries that most people have heard of? The only question left is "How does it taste?" I convened a team of Washington Post staffers for a blind tasting of beers purchased at Walmart and Trader Joe's and asked them to write down their thoughts. The results were not that positive: Trouble Brewing's Red Flag Amber Ale was described as "flabby," "knock-you-over-the-head syrupy sweet" and "good for flip cup." The JosephsBrau Bohemian Lager elicited "watery," "tastes like college" and "channels a Heineken that's been open for a little too long." Trouble Brewing's After Party Ale was "bland nothingness" and "lacking an identifiable taste." The standouts, according to the testers, included JosephBrau's Hefeweizen, which had the bright mouth feel and bubble gum and banana notes you'd expect from a German wheat beer, even as one reviewer called it "drinkable, if not particularly memorable." The Mission St. Session Pale Ale got mixed reviews — though still better than the IPA's — for its bitterness and citrusy hops, although it was also called "thin" and "nothing to get excited about." Trouble Brewing's most popular brew was 'Round Midnight Belgian White, which didn't strike anyone as an outstanding witbier but received complements on its spice and fruitiness, as well as easy drinkability. None of those beers is going to light up online beer forums or find its way onto "Best Beer of the Year" lists, but that's not the point. These are affordable brews that could be gateway beers for domestic beer drinkers looking to dip a toe into the world of craft beer. If they like Trouble Brewing's version of a Belgian witbier, maybe they'll be open to trying one from Allagash or Bell's, or they'll grab a six-pack of Flying Dog instead of Bud Light. Either way, Walmart just put craft-style beers in front of millions of new potential craft beer customers, which should be a positive for brewers of all sizes.   Fritz Hahn has covered bars, drinks and nightlife for the Washington Post Weekend Section since 2003, but he also writes about everything from Civil War battlefields to sailing classes. You can find him on Twitter and Instagram. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services New Subscriptions Manage Your Subscription Contact Us Submissions Photos Events Letters to the Editor Corrections Announcements & Obits Story Ideas Alerts Email Alerts Text Alerts Advertise Advertise With Us Products & Services Ad Rates Advertising Contacts Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. southcoasttoday.com ~ 25 Elm Street, New Bedford, MA 02740 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime and Courts Death Notices and Obituaries Education News Columnists Nation & World Weather Politics and Elections Shareable Databases Towns New Bedford Dartmouth and Westport Acushnet and Fairhaven Tri-town and Wareham Freetown, Lakeville and Middleboro Sports SouthCoast Varsity Sports columnists Pro sports College sports Patriots Red Sox SouthCoast In Action Auto Racing Opinion Our View Your View and Letters Business Real Estate New Bedford fisheries Agriculture Entertainment Calendar Coastin' Dining Out Movies Living Neighbors Lifestyle Columnists SouthCoast Cooks Religion SouthCoast Pets Health Home and Garden Travel Obits More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs The Advocate The Chronicle The Gazette The Spectator The Spirit Special Reports Contests TV Guide Branded Content Submit Your News Subscriber E-Edition Manage Your Subscription Subscribe Email Alerts Text Alerts Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Limelight Deals Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home About Us Contact Us Subscribe Visitors Info News Sports Opinions For the Record Obituaries Police Reports Governor's Agenda Senate Agenda Island Life 24/7 Island Action People & Community Community News Celebrations Classifieds Best of the V.I. E-Magazines About Us Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition 75° Saint Thomas, VI (00802) Today Plentiful sunshine. High 83F. Winds E at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Mostly clear skies early giving way to clouds and a few showers after midnight. Low 74F. Winds ENE at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 30%. Updated: February 3, 2017 @ 1:53 am Full Forecast Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Subscribe Visitors Info News Sports Opinions For the Record Obituaries Police Reports Governor's Agenda Senate Agenda Island Life 24/7 Island Action People & Community Community News Celebrations Classifieds Best of the V.I. E-Magazines Walmart customers decry loss of ShippingPass program By JONATHAN AUSTIN Daily News Staff Jonathan Austin Feb 1, 2017 0 Facebook erupted Tuesday with comments from Walmart customers who said they can no longer get free shipping to the territory. Many islanders relied on Walmart’s ShippingPass program, which charged $49 a year but provided free shipping on many items available on Walmart.com. Walmart announced Tuesday that ShippingPass “is no longer available,” but said free two-day shipping is available to all customers. All customers, that is, but for those who don’t live in the 50 states. Walmart’s announcement said ShippingPass subscribers would receive a full refund for their ShippingPass subscriptions. The company’s website said those with addresses in the territory, Puerto Rico, Hawaii, Alaska, Guam, and other areas with U.S. Zip codes can get shipping “for free with 3-5 day shipping on eligible orders over $35. You will see this noted in checkout.” However, free shipping didn’t appear as an option when a Daily News staffer tried to make a purchase online for shipment to St. Thomas. Virgin Islanders were complaining online about steep shipping rates for products they wanted to purchase online at Walmart. A spokeswoman for Walmart provided The Daily News with a copy of Walmart’s press release touting its new two-day free shipping program. That statement didn’t answer any of the questions posed by The Daily News about the lack of shipping services to the territory. The spokeswoman also didn’t respond to a request for Walmart to define what “eligible orders” earn free 3-5 day shipping. Richard Motta, a spokesman for V.I. Delegate to Congress Stacey Plaskett, said he had read an article about Walmart’s new shipping program but had not received any complaints from constituents. If a constituent did complain and could share information about issues with shipping, Motta said Plaskett’s office could reach out to Walmart for clarification about the changes. — Contact Jonathan Austin at 340-714-9104 or email jaustin@dailynews.vi. Jonathan Austin Follow Jonathan Austin Close Get email notifications on Jonathan Austin daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Jonathan Austin posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Jonathan Austin Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Search Latest News Vote on Mapp tax hikes violated Senate rules Local religious leaders plan services to protest Trump immigration ban Police release sketch of East End rapist Slave gone maroon Plaskett tells House Speaker of issues facing territory Bomb-shelter builder stays busy as customers prep for ‘Trumpocalypse’ Trump wants religion and politics to mix, but Congress is reluctant Trump says not to worry about his phone calls, but they’re just the start of how he’s shifting foreign affairs Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Evelyn Victoria Williams Former President Barack Obama vacationing in the BVI Cruise ship passenger killed after being struck by station wagon Gilbert Alban Monrose Senators find Mapp’s speech disjointed, bordering on disingenuous’ Mario Benjamin Federal gun charges brought against shooting victim in toddler slaying Errol G. Dowe Laurencea L. Richardson Daphne Dawson Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented WICO board ignores 3rd Circuit ruling, bars public from meeting (2) Reverse Mortgage Can Help With Retirement Planning (1) A Tale of Two Realities (1) Lakief Evelyn (1) Illegal meetings (1) Still no 'transparency' website, though one is required by law (1) HALOS & PITCHFORKS (1) Senate minority decries disrespect for them and the people (1) Students Prosper from STEM Education (1) V.I. government must stop living a fairy tale (1) Stocks Sections News Sports Opinions For the Record Island Life Multimedia Online Features Services Subscription Services Submission Forms Classifieds Place an Ad Business Directory Email Alerts Search Contact Information virginislandsdailynews.com 9155 Estate Thomas St. Thomas, VI 00802 Phone: 340-774-8772 Email: online@dailynews.vi Follow Us © Copyright 2017 virginislandsdailynews.com, 9155 Estate Thomas St. Thomas, VI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store February 3, 2017 4:13 AM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Video Photo Advertisement Business briefs: Columbia Gas names new president; Wal-Mart scraps ShippingPass February 1, 2017 1:08 AM Photo courtesy of Columbia Gas Michael Huwar was named Columbia Gas' new president on Tuesday. J Pat Carter/Associated Press DeVry University in Miramar, Fla. From staff and wire reports Columbia Gas names new president Mike Huwar has been tapped as the new president of Canonsburg-based Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania and Columbia Gas of Maryland, effective mid-February. Mr. Huwar will replace Mark Kempic, who has served as president since 2012 and will become chief transformation officer of NiSource Inc., the Indiana-based parent of the utility. Columbia Gas serves about 456,000 natural gas customers in 29 counties in Pennsylvania and Maryland, according to the company.  Wal-Mart scraps program that competed with Amazon Prime Wal-Mart Stores is scrapping its ShippingPass program, which struggled to compete with Amazon.com’s Prime, opting instead for a two-day shipping model that doesn’t have annual membership fees. Subscribers of ShippingPass, which had offered two-day delivery for a $49 membership, will receive refunds as the service is eliminated. The new approach offers the same shipping speed for free to anyone who makes a minimum purchase. The turnabout underscores Wal-Mart’s uphill battle against Amazon, which has locked in tens of millions of subscribers with its annual Prime membership. ShippingPass wasn’t able to lure away enough of those customers, and many shoppers have come to expect fast delivery without having to pay a separate fee. Guinness to open brewery outside Baltimore The world’s largest distiller plans to build a Guinness brewery in suburban Baltimore, a project that could bring 70 new jobs to the area and could welcome tourists from all over, Baltimore County officials said. It would be the first Guinness brewery in the United States in more than 60 years. County officials said the plans represent an investment of $50 million. Diageo shut bottling operations at its suburban Baltimore facility in the village of Relay in 2015, three years after making upgrades to the plant. At the time, more than 100 people worked there. DeVry University to pay $2.5 million in NY settlement New York’s attorney general says DeVry University will pay $2.25 million following allegations that it exaggerated graduates’ job and salary prospects. Eric Schneiderman said a settlement also requires the school to pay $500,000 in penalties and fees. The Downers Grove, Illinois-based DeVry Education Group says it’s pleased to resolve the matter. DeVry says it’s committed to being publicly accountable and to students’ success. In December, DeVry settled a Federal Trade Commission lawsuit. It agreed to pay $49 million to students allegedly harmed by advertising and to forgive $50 million in debt. Black Box reports profit down in quarter Black Box, the struggling Cecil-based information technology company, reported net income fell 77 percent to $1.3 million for the quarter ending ending Dec. 31, down from $5.7 million during the same quarter a year earlier. Revenue slipped 5 percent to $210.4 million, compared for $222.5 million. Earnings per share for the third fiscal quarter were 9 cents, down from 37 cents for the same period last year.  Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Join the conversation: Commenting policy | How to report abuse To report inappropriate comments, abuse and/or repeat offenders, please send an email to socialmedia@post-gazette.com and include a link to the article and a copy of the comment. Your report will be reviewed in a timely manner. Thank you. Commenting policy | How to report abuse Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Technical Help? Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Help: Subscriber services Online support center Products and services Today’s PGe Contact Us Subscribe: Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Copyright © 1997—2017 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service Diggit eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries OurtownSylvania OurtownPerrysburg Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education The Blade Vault Weekly Ads Friday, Feb 03, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Retail Wal-Mart to offer program to include free, faster shipping ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on Feb. 1, 2017 Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print Wal-Mart is replacing a program that offered free shipping but had an annual fee with one that has a lower free shipping threshold. ASSOCIATED PRESS Enlarge NEW YORK — Wal-Mart is replacing a program that offered free shipping but had an annual fee with one that has a lower free-shipping threshold and faster delivery as it hopes to answer Amazon’s powerful Prime membership success. The retailer says it will reduce shipping time to two days on 2 million of its most popular essentials like diapers, pet food, and cleaning supplies. Wal-Mart’s average shipping time has been three to five days. On Tuesday, it reduced the spending amount necessary for free shipping to $35 from $50. Wal-Mart’s ShippingPass had allowed members to buy more than 1 million items for free shipping at Wal-mart.com. Last year, it trimmed its shipping time frame to two days from three, and it cut the annual fee by a dollar to $49. Bentonville, Ark.-based Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said the service worked well, but it concluded shoppers shouldn’t have to pay a membership fee for free shipping. The strategy shift is one of the first big moves by Walmart.com’s CEO Mark Lore, who joined the company when Wal-Mart bought online retailer Jet.com last year. And it’s an illustration of how Wal-Mart is trying to figure out a way to compete with Amazon and its dominant Prime plan. Amazon’s membership program costs $99 a year, but includes services like streaming music and video that have created fierce loyalty. Analysts say Amazon Prime members buy more frequently and spend more money. Amazon doesn’t disclose a Prime subscriber total, but it’s estimated to be about 65 million. Wal-Mart wouldn’t say how many ShippingPass subscribers it had, but all will receive a refund of their membership fee. Mr. Lore declined to comment on Amazon, but said lower prices, a wider assortment of eligible goods and faster shipping alone can build loyalty. Mr. Lore promised more moves would be coming. “Two-day, free shipping is table stakes,” he said in a conference call this week. “We’ve upped the ante.” Related Items Amazon.com Inc , Wal-Mart Stores Inc , shipping Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening Straight Talk for Teens TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Breaking News Orange County deputies shoot Wal-Mart stalking suspect Neighbor describes scene of OCSO shooting at Wal-Mart Cesa Garcia, a resident off of Chickasaw Road, describes the scene as Orange County sheriff deputies investigate after an officer fired shots hitting a suspect, following an altercation at the Walmart Neighborhood Market on Chickasaw Road, in Orlando, Tuesday January 31, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Cesa Garcia, a resident off of Chickasaw Road, describes the scene as Orange County sheriff deputies investigate after an officer fired shots hitting a suspect, following an altercation at the Walmart Neighborhood Market on Chickasaw Road, in Orlando, Tuesday January 31, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) David Harris and Gal Tziperman LotanContact ReportersOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy A 50-year-old man shot by two Orange County sheriff’s deputies on Tuesday outside at a Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market in east Orange County is in critical but stable condition Wednesday, authorities said. Abrahan Canaan is accused of stalking an employee at the store Tuesday morning, then returning in the day, Capt. Angelo Nieves said.Canaan was allegedly walking around the store on Chickasaw Trail near Lake Underhill Road, with a large buck knife, knocking items over. Surveillance video showed him leaving the store holding the 9-inch knife up in front of him. East Orange shooting Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputies were called to the scene after witnesses reported a man wielding a knife at the store. Deputies were called to the scene after witnesses reported a man wielding a knife at the store. (Orange County Sheriff's Office) Deputies found Canaan behind the store, where his Toyota Corolla was parked. He refused to put down the knife and ran to his car, where he also had an ax, Nieves said. “That was one of our concerns regarding the suspect leaving this area, armed as he was, getting into the vehicle and fleeing into the community,” Nieves said. “Based on his history, we know that those circumstances did not bode well for the community.” East Orange shooting Orange County Sheriff's Office Orange County deputies said they found an ax in the suspect's car. Orange County deputies said they found an ax in the suspect's car. (Orange County Sheriff's Office) Two deputies — a nine-year veteran and an off-duty deputy with almost two years of experience — shot at Canaan, hitting him in the torso, according to Nieves. Canaan still got into his car and left the Wal-Mart, apparently trying to run over the deputies on the way, Nieves said. The deputies were not hurt. He only reached the corner of Chickasaw Trail and Neighborhood Market Road, right outside the Wal-Mart’s parking lot, before deputies cornered the Corolla. Deputies got him out of the car and started giving him first-aid. He was arrested and then taken to Florida Hospital East, which is across the street from the Wal-Mart.  Deputies shot a man near the Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market on Chickasaw Trail in east Orange County. “We have someone who just tried to commit a felony,” Nieves said. “But now we’re also shifting into the life-saving mode where we’re treating the suspect, providing him first-aid.”Cesa Garcia, who lives near the store, said he heard the shots deputies fired. “We heard about 8 gunshots – 8 loud gunshots knowing they’re nothing like firecrackers – you can tell the difference,” he said. No other injuries were reported.  The deputies who shot at Canaan are Mathew Velazquez, hired in 2015; and Joe Farias-Rios, who has been with the sheriff’s office since 2008. Velazquez was off-duty when he heard about the incident on his radio, Nieves said. He was nearby and immediately rushed to the store. Orange sheriff’s office releases details of Wal-Mart shooting Orange County sheriff's office Public Information Officer Capt. Angelo Nieves talks to the media at the scene after an officer fired shots at a suspect following an altercation at the Walmart Neighborhood Market on Chickasaw Road, in Orlando, Tuesday January 31, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Orange County sheriff's office Public Information Officer Capt. Angelo Nieves talks to the media at the scene after an officer fired shots at a suspect following an altercation at the Walmart Neighborhood Market on Chickasaw Road, in Orlando, Tuesday January 31, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) See more videos The two deputies will be put on paid administrative leave while the Florida Department of Law Enforcement investigates what happened, as is protocol for most officer-involved shootings the state. Canaan was apparently stalking an employee at the market, Nieves said. He went into the store on Tuesday morning looking for her and “caused a scene,” then he left the store. Nobody called deputies until he returned early in the afternoon, Nieves said. He also had injunctions against him from two other women filed in January, court records show. A civil injunction, also known as a restraining order, is a legal order not to contact another person. He had a court hearing scheduled for 1 p.m. Tuesday to finalize the injunctions, records show. By then, he was under arrest and at the hospital. The Wal-Mart employee had not filed for an injunction, and deputies believe her case is separate from the other two, Nieves said. Canaan remains in the hospital undergoing treatment, but is in the custody of Orange County Corrections. Staff Writer Shana Medel contributed to this report.  dharris@orlandosentinel.com; glotan@orlandosentinel.com Caption Report: bachelorette party that included cocaine-filled rubber ducky leads to firings at State Attorney's Office Employees of the State Attorney's Office in Orlando went to a bachelorette party in New Orleans where someone bought a rubber ducky that contained cocaine.   Employees of the State Attorney's Office in Orlando went to a bachelorette party in New Orleans where someone bought a rubber ducky that contained cocaine.   Caption Report: bachelorette party that included cocaine-filled rubber ducky leads to firings at State Attorney's Office Employees of the State Attorney's Office in Orlando went to a bachelorette party in New Orleans where someone bought a rubber ducky that contained cocaine.   Employees of the State Attorney's Office in Orlando went to a bachelorette party in New Orleans where someone bought a rubber ducky that contained cocaine.   Caption Woman stabs man who tried to rape her in Lake County A violent attack near the Four Corners area in Lake County early Thursday ended with a woman stabbing a man who allegedly tried to rape her. A violent attack near the Four Corners area in Lake County early Thursday ended with a woman stabbing a man who allegedly tried to rape her. Caption 911 audio for an attempted sexual battery in Clermont Lake County Sheriff’s Office released 911 calls for an attempted sexual battery case in Clermont. Lake County Sheriff’s Office released 911 calls for an attempted sexual battery case in Clermont. Caption Volusia deputy resigns after allegedly stealing money during DUI arrests A 33-year-old deputy resigned from the Volusia County Sheriff’s Office Monday after allegedly stealing money from motorists during DUI arrests. A 33-year-old deputy resigned from the Volusia County Sheriff’s Office Monday after allegedly stealing money from motorists during DUI arrests. Caption Armed robbers hold up a 7-11 On 01/31/2017, approximately 11:30 pm, Security cameras captured two unknown black male suspects commit an armed robbery at the 7-Eleven at 5300 Radabaugh Way. The two clerks were working inside with two customers shopping, when two males entered the business armed with handguns wearing masks.  The suspects ordered the clerks to empty the registers.  The suspects then fled on foot into the Northbridge Apartment complex.  The suspects were between the ages of nineteen to twenty three.  Please note that one of the suspects had bright red sneakers and a distinct wristband or watch on his left wrist.     If you have any information as to the identity of the suspects please contact the Orlando Police Department or CRIMELINE at I-1800-423-TIPS. On 01/31/2017, approximately 11:30 pm, Security cameras captured two unknown black male suspects commit an armed robbery at the 7-Eleven at 5300 Radabaugh Way. The two clerks were working inside with two customers shopping, when two males entered the business armed with handguns wearing masks.  The suspects ordered the clerks to empty the registers.  The suspects then fled on foot into the Northbridge Apartment complex.  The suspects were between the ages of nineteen to twenty three.  Please note that one of the suspects had bright red sneakers and a distinct wristband or watch on his left wrist.     If you have any information as to the identity of the suspects please contact the Orlando Police Department or CRIMELINE at I-1800-423-TIPS. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Orange County All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 60°
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Real Estate Retail Automotive Economy Small Business Healthcare OC Leaders Status Update Tourism More Is Meryl Streep 'overrated'? No way, Frida Cinema says, and presents a weeklong festival Democrats launch early effort to unseat Ed Royce, Darrell Issa from Congress 15 things to do this weekend in Orange County (Feb. 3-5) Old hand grenade prompts evacuation in Anaheim, turns out to be a dud Analysis: Magic Johnson's return to Lakers is a win for everyone except Jim Buss Magic Johnson vows to be supportive of Jim Buss in new Lakers role Tiger Woods withdraws from Dubai Desert Classic with back spasms Sloppy Clippers still can't solve Warriors Wild Birds Unlimited opens in Huntington Beach Chinese money could flow away from Southern California if Trump sparks a trade war Debt relief attorneys sued Disney agrees to pay $100 million to end no-poaching lawsuit 'The Space Between Us' veers off-course Things to do in Orange County (Feb. 3-9) 'Top Chef' recap: Does Newport Beach chef Shirley Chung make it to the Final Four? Is Meryl Streep 'overrated'? No way, Frida Cinema says, and presents a weeklong festival Top news Business Wal-Mart launches two-day delivery service with no fee Jan. 31, 2017 Updated 5:30 p.m. 1 of 2 Retail giant Walmart has launched a free two-day shipping program without a membership fee. (Photo by Joe Raedle, Getty Images) 1 of 2 Retail giant Walmart has launched a free two-day shipping program without a membership fee. (Photo by Damian Dovarganes, AP) View slideshow Retail giant Walmart has launched a free two-day shipping program without a membership fee. (Photo by Joe Raedle, Getty Images) By HANNAH MADANS / STAFF WRITER Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF Wal-Mart is taking another crack at Amazon.com, launching a free, two-day shipping program without a membership fee for more than 2 million items, the company announced Tuesday. The retail giant’s delivery service is replacing a program that offered free shipping with an annual fee. Free shipping will now be available for purchases of $35 and up. The threshold previously was $50. The move is seen by some as a way to compete against Amazon’s Prime subscription program, which analysts estimate has 65 million users who spend $99 for a yearly membership. Unlike Wal-Mart’s ShippingPass, it includes television shows and movies, music streaming, and data storage. Ken Perkins, president of research firm Retail Metrics LLC, told The Associated Press that Wal-Mart’s effort isn’t enough. “They should eliminate the threshold altogether,” Perkins said. “I know it’s a difficult pill to swallow. But if you look at how things are going, click-and-pick is never going to be as popular as click-and-ship.” Items outside the list of most popular items will count toward free shipping but not faster delivery, the AP reported. Wal-Mart’s previous program, ShippingPass launched in 2015. It allowed members to buy a million items for free shipping online. The annual fee was $49 last year. Wal-Mart has 11,593 store in 28 countries. Contact the writer: hmadans@ocregister.com or Twitter: @HannahMadans Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular Boys used cellphones to plot Columbine-style attack at Troy High School, police say Alleged 'brothel ringleader' recruited 29 women to work in high-end Irvine apartments, au 2 Troy High students suspected of plotting Columbine-style school shooting, police say Man hospitalized after police pursuit that ended in Irvine Murder charges filed against Irvine man accused of killing his mom and brother User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. Is Meryl Streep 'overrated'? No way, Frida Cinema says, and presents a weeklong festival Democrats launch early effort to unseat Ed Royce, Darrell Issa from Congress 15 things to do this weekend in Orange County (Feb. 3-5) Old hand grenade prompts evacuation in Anaheim, turns out to be a dud Analysis: Magic Johnson's return to Lakers is a win for everyone except Jim Buss Magic Johnson vows to be supportive of Jim Buss in new Lakers role Tiger Woods withdraws from Dubai Desert Classic with back spasms Sloppy Clippers still can't solve Warriors Wild Birds Unlimited opens in Huntington Beach Chinese money could flow away from Southern California if Trump sparks a trade war Debt relief attorneys sued Disney agrees to pay $100 million to end no-poaching lawsuit 'The Space Between Us' veers off-course Things to do in Orange County (Feb. 3-9) 'Top Chef' recap: Does Newport Beach chef Shirley Chung make it to the Final Four? Is Meryl Streep 'overrated'? No way, Frida Cinema says, and presents a weeklong festival Top news Education » Immigration is more complex than Trump vs. them, former GOP congressman says Boys used cellphones to plot Columbine-style attack at Troy High School, police say 2 Troy High students suspected of plotting Columbine-style school shooting, police say BUSINESS » Wild Birds Unlimited opens in Huntington Beach Chinese money could flow away from Southern California if Trump sparks a trade war Debt relief attorneys sued O.C. Watchdog » A nuclear disposal plan may be closer for San Onofre, other sites A smart guide to donating your car to charity Inhumane or saving lives? Why dog blood banks are being criticized Health Care » CSUF training the midwives of the future State braces for Medi-Cal's future Newport Beach doctor who faked own death pleads guilty to fleeing ENTERTAINMENT » 'The Space Between Us' veers off-course Things to do in Orange County (Feb. 3-9) 'Top Chef' recap: Does Newport Beach chef Shirley Chung make it to the Final Four? Food » 'Top Chef' recap: Does Newport Beach chef Shirley Chung make it to the Final Four? 10 best places in Orange County to watch the Super Bowl Chef Tin Vuong is back and thinking big at Bluegold/LXSO restaurants TELEVISION » 'Top Chef' recap: Does Newport Beach chef Shirley Chung make it to the Final Four? Drummer with disabilities pursues a dream - a shot at America's Got Talent 'Hidden Figures' a surprise win at SAG Awards as politics dominates the night Special Sections » Oceanfront Laguna Beach house asking $19.4 million heads to auction block OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 Featured Multimedia SUPER BOWL TEAMS » A side-by-side comparison of the Patriots, Falcons CARTOONS » Cartoons: Trump follows through SLIDESHOW » Hijabs sported as a symbol of solidarity for Muslims in Orange County SLIDESHOW » Trump protesters turned away at Dana Rohrabacher, Mimi Walters offices: We just want to be heard SLIDESHOW » Chapman University students walk out against Trump SLIDESHOW » Triplets celebrate National Signing Day almost two decades after mom struggled to give birth Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2017 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments7 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business Retailers join forces and dig in for a fight on import tax proposal The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Sarah Halzack By Sarah Halzack February 1 Follow @sarahhalzack Shipping containers at the Aomi International Container Terminal in Japan. (Kimimasa Mayama/European Pressphoto Agency) Major retailers such as Walmart, Target and Macy’s have joined a new coalition of companies and trade associations voicing opposition to a proposed import tax that the group says will result in higher prices for U.S. consumers. The formation of this alliance suggests that the industry is digging in for a fierce fight to try to steer congressional Republicans away from a core tenet of their plan for transforming the corporate tax code. The idea is known as a border adjustment tax, and it would prevent retailers and other companies from being able to deduct the cost of imported goods from their taxes. Retailers believe this could severely wound their businesses, forcing them to ratchet up their prices to offset what they expect will be heftier tax bill. “Whether it’s the automobile you drive, the gasoline you use, the groceries you put on the table, or the shoes and the clothes you put on your feet and back, the prices of all of those things will get driven up by the border adjustment tax,” said Matt Shay, the chief executive of the National Retail Federation, in a statement. Economists say there is little reason for retailers to be fearful of this policy. They say the value of the dollar will increase significantly if a border adjustment tax is implemented, thereby reducing importers’ cost of goods. However, retailers are deeply concerned. What if the dollar doesn’t appreciate as much as expected or on the timetable that is expected? And even if they wanted to switch from buying imported products to items that are made stateside, that would be extremely difficult to do overnight. They have contracts to honor with overseas factories, and the United States doesn’t currently have the manufacturing capacity to make the huge volume of goods that major retailers are capable of selling. Republicans floated the idea of a border adjustment tax last summer in their “A Better Way” plan, which included a blueprint for tax reform. But the issue has gained fresh urgency in the retail industry now that there is a Republican president in the White House who has indicated he’s interested in overhauling the tax system. It is unclear whether President Trump supports a border adjustment tax. In a recent interview with the Wall Street Journal, he said it was “too complicated.” The new coalition, which has dubbed itself Americans for Affordable Products, includes big-name retailers such as Rite Aid, Nike, Neiman Marcus, Kohl’s and others. In recent days, other groups have also come out swinging against the idea of a border adjustment tax, including the conservative advocacy organization Club for Growth and Americans for Prosperity, backed by the Koch brothers who own oil refineries among other assets. They are likely girding for a contentious fight: Rep. Kevin Brady (R-Tex.), chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, has been talking up the proposal as a way to give a boost to American exporters. And legislators are in a tough spot if they drop this specific part of the tax plan, because they’ll have to find some other way to drum up huge amounts of revenue for the federal government to make up for tax cuts and other priorities. The retail industry is finding itself in a strange position as this debate heats up in Washington: For years, it has been enthusiastically supporting the idea of corporate tax reform, telling Washington that slashing rates would free up money for them to invest more in their businesses and create more jobs. The Republican blueprint calls for reducing the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent, exactly the kind of cut retailers have been salivating for. But, the fact those cuts come entwined with a border adjustment tax makes the plan unpalatable. The decision by major retailers to band together for this policy fight comes as corporate America grapples with how to respond to a host of policy changes or uncertainties that have been brought on by the Trump administration. Silicon Valley titans, for example, sharply criticized Trump’s executive order that temporarily bans visitors and immigrants from seven Muslim-majority countries from coming to the United States. business business true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 7 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news. Follow @sarahhalzack TOP STORIES Trump warns Israel: New settlements ‘may not help’ achieve Middle East peace The White House’s pushback on new or expanded settlements in the West Bank signals that the new administration will seek some continuity with past presidents, and it came after Trump named a strong proponent of settlements as his ambassador to Israel. By Abby Phillip and Karen DeYoung 7 hours ago Trump calls signal new transactional approach to allies and neighbors Two key GOP senators softened their stance on Obamacare Sens. Orrin Hatch and Lamar Alexander said they are open to repairing the health law ahead of a wholesale repeal as Republicans try to clarify their approach to an issue they’ve targeted for eight years. By Kelsey Snell and Mike DeBonis 7 hours ago Obama’s team worked for months on a Syria plan. Trump’s team swiftly tossed it. To the Trump administration, President Obama’s plan to take Raqqa from ISIS was so risk-averse that it was almost certain to fail. “We found huge gaps in it,” a Trump official said. “It was poor staff work.” By Adam Entous, Greg Jaffe and Missy Ryan 9 hours ago White House says deadly Yemen raid was long planned. Not true, says an Obama official. (Ilana Panich-Linsman for The Post) Austin has become the first battleground in the fight over ‘sanctuary cities’ In a liberal enclave in the heart of conservative Texas, a county sheriff joins the local resistance to Trump immigration policies. By Abigail Hauslohner 10 hours ago White House considering religious-freedom action allowing Americans to opt out of federal regulations The proposed executive order would offer wide latitude in denying services, employment and other benefits on the basis of religious beliefs. White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Trump had no immediate plans to issue a directive. By Juliet Eilperin and Sandhya Somashekhar 13 hours ago ‘Bowling Green massacre’ cited by Trump adviser never happened The Fix: Why so many leaks? Here are two theories. Tech opposition to Trump’s travel ban escalates 7 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Tech industry opposition to Trump travel ban escalates 2 Why the White House seems a little jealous of Germany 3 The mysterious saga of whether Trump planned to leave Washington and visit Harley-Davidson 4 Survey: Only a quarter of Trump voters believe in human-caused climate change 5 Facing backlash, Utah Rep. Jason Chaffetz withdraws bill to transfer federal land to the states Market Watch DJIA -0.03% NASDAQ -0.11% Get quote Last Update: 02/03/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Get the latest news from The Morning Call on the Amazon Echo News Breaking News Retailers, trade groups increase fight against border tax proposal APphoto_Tax Changes-Retailers Scott Olson / Getty Images More than 100 retailers, including Wal-Mart and Target as well as key trade associations, are launching a new coalition aimed at fighting a Republican proposal on how imports get taxed, which they believe would harm their businesses. More than 100 retailers, including Wal-Mart and Target as well as key trade associations, are launching a new coalition aimed at fighting a Republican proposal on how imports get taxed, which they believe would harm their businesses. (Scott Olson / Getty Images) Tribune news servicesContact Reporter More than 100 retailers including Wal-Mart and Target as well as key trade associations are launching a new coalition aimed at fighting a Republican proposal on how imports get taxed, which they believe would harm their businesses. The National Retail Federation, along with the American International Automobile Dealers Association, the National Grocers Association and others are joining forces to form Americans for Affordable Products, which will run a campaign to educate consumers and show lawmakers that the so-called Border Adjusted Tax plan would lead to higher prices of as much as 20 percent on everyday items including clothing, food and even gas. The diversified group, which also includes such companies as Nike, Best Buy, luxury conglomerate LVMH and Dollar General, is trying to make their opposition heard even while Congress and the president try to sort out exactly what adjustments to put forth. Congressional Republicans want to eliminate tax incentives that encourage U.S. companies to move overseas, sharply cut the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent, and encourage more factory output at home. But opponents say the plan would have a harmful rippling effect, causing companies to even lay off workers. The proposal — spearheaded by House GOP Speaker Paul Ryan and Missouri Rep. Kevin Brady, the top Republican on the House tax-writing committee — would constitute the most sweeping reforms to corporate taxes in at least three decades. I'm losing sleep. I am scared out of my mind. — Rick Woldenberg, CEO of Learning Resources in Vernon Hills, Ill. Trump has dismissed the cornerstone of the House GOP plan as "too complicated" and has been touting a 35 percent levy on imports. Yet his spokesman appeared to put the tax back in play last week by proposing a 20 percent tax on goods from Mexico and "other countries we have a trade deficit with" to pay for a border wall. "There's a rush to get this done in Congress. We want to make sure our voices are heard," said David French, chief lobbyist for the National Retail Federation, which has been dispatching members to meet with different levels of the new administration as well as lawmakers. Details of the consumer campaign are still being worked out, according to a spokeswoman at the retail trade group. A lot is at stake. Nearly all such items that U.S. shoppers buy are either wholly or partly produced overseas as companies have sought the cheapest way to make goods. And with online competition and shoppers trained to find the best deals, U.S. retailers haven't had the power to raise prices on many goods for several years. "I'm losing sleep. I am scared out of my mind," said Rick Woldenberg, CEO of Learning Resources, which has signed on to the coalition. It is a family-owned company based in Vernon Hills, Illinois that makes educational toys and employs 150 people in the U.S. It's not just a retail implication. We know it's going to impact Main Street in many ways. It could be autos, manufacturing. — Jack Kleinhenz, chief economist at the National Retail Federation. He estimates that under the GOP plan his federal tax rate would soar to 165 percent from 39.6 percent, he would have to raise prices by 10 percent to 15 percent to stay viable, and would have to lay off employees. Retail industry leaders "describe it as an existential threat," said Stephen Lamar, executive vice president at the American Apparel & Footwear Association, another member of the coalition. "When they crunch the numbers, it really affects things like solvency and profits." Lamar said companies would likely have to pass along higher prices to shoppers, who wouldn't tolerate it. Companies say they also would have to try to squeeze suppliers for more savings and fear they might even have to lay off workers or close stores. George Feldenkreis, CEO of Perry Ellis International, estimates that he would have to raise prices on his clothing anywhere from 20 percent to 25 percent if the border tax went into effect. Shirts currently range in price from $14.99 to $49.99. "People who are thinking about it don't know the consequences," Feldenkreis said. He added that the company would also have to lay off workers. "It's not just a retail implication," said Jack Kleinhenz, chief economist at the National Retail Federation. "We know it's going to impact Main Street in many ways. It could be autos, manufacturing." On Corona and avocados: Trump's 20 percent border tax concerns Chicago businesses Greg Trotter, Robert Channick and Lauren Zumbach Let's get this out the way right now: Yes, your avocados would cost more if a proposed 20 percent border tax on Mexican imports were to become reality. That being said, the import tax floated by the White House on Thursday as a possible way to fund President Donald Trump's proposed wall along the... Let's get this out the way right now: Yes, your avocados would cost more if a proposed 20 percent border tax on Mexican imports were to become reality. That being said, the import tax floated by the White House on Thursday as a possible way to fund President Donald Trump's proposed wall along the... (Greg Trotter, Robert Channick and Lauren Zumbach) The proposal would essentially tax corporations based on where their products and services are consumed, rather than on their incomes. In that way, it is similar to a sales tax. House GOP supporters such as Ryan and Brady say that would eliminate the incentives for corporations to use complex schemes to shift their incomes to lower-tax jurisdictions. To ensure the tax is focused on U.S. sales only, it would exclude a company's export sales. But the cost of imported goods would be taxed. The tax could raise as much as $1.2 trillion in revenue over the next decade, which would help pay for the steep tax cuts included in the House GOP plan. Proponents say if the plan is enacted, the dollar will increase in value by as much as 25 percent, resulting in cheaper imports and offsetting the impact. But many economists and industry executives worry the dollar wouldn't adjust, or certainly not fast enough. And Lamar said a shirt label saying "Made in China," doesn't tell the whole story. Seventy percent of the value of the garment supports U.S jobs in areas like design and logistics, he said. Other groups also oppose the border-adjusted tax, including Americans for Prosperity, a conservative organization backed by billionaires Charles and David Koch, who typically donate generously to Republican campaigns. The tax would likely encourage companies to produce more in the U.S., or buy more of their parts and components in the U.S. Some companies say they could make those changes in order to avoid raising prices too much. Robert Sands, the CEO of Constellation Brands, said on a recent conference call that the company could purchase more natural gas from the United States, rather than Mexico, which it uses to make glass for the Corona and Modelo beer it imports. "It's those kinds of things that we are looking at, planning on, if this comes to pass," Sands said. "We don't expect consumer demand for our product to be affected." Woldenberg, though, whose company makes 98 percent of its products overseas, says shifting his manufacturing to the U.S. isn't an option. In the last three years, he said he tried twice to find some U.S. molders interested in making its products here, but it wasn't financially feasible. He also doesn't believe that changes in foreign exchange rates will offset the costs of the plan for retailers. And even if it did, he says relief wouldn't come right away. "I am not going to play the currency markets to run this business," he said. "I want to make toys. I am not a forex trader." Associated Press Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The Morning Call Republican Party Paul Ryan David Koch American Apparel and Footwear Association Trump criticizes media as he marks African American History Month Americans would need to buy 25 billion avocados for Mexico to pay for the wall Trump tells GOP to 'go nuclear' if Democrats block Supreme Court pick Breaking Popular COMMENTING Obits Biz Cycle Sports Video/Photos Classifieds 27°
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 31 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM FEB 3, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News FEB 3, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 31 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Retailers, trade groups step up fight against tax proposal By ANNE D’INNOCENZIO and CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER The Associated Press First Published Feb 01 2017 01:39PM    •    Last Updated Feb 01 2017 05:39 pm In this Thursday, May 26, 2016, photo, a woman pushes her shopping cart as an employee pulls a long line of carts outside a Target store in Encinitas, Calif. More than 100 retailers, including Wal-Mart and Target as well as key trade associations, are launching a new coalition aimed at fighting a Republican proposal on how imports get taxed, which they believe would harm their businesses. (AP Photo/Lenny Ignelzi) In this Thursday, May 26, 2016, photo, a woman pushes her shopping cart as an employee pulls a long line of carts outside a Target store in Encinitas, Calif. More than 100 retailers, including Wal-Mart and Target as well as key trade associations, are launching a new coalition aimed at fighting a Republican proposal on how imports get taxed, which they believe would harm their businesses. (AP Photo/Lenny Ignelzi) Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) New York • More than 100 retailers including Wal-Mart and Target as well as key trade associations are launching a new coalition aimed at fighting a Republican proposal on how imports get taxed, a measure they believe would harm their businesses. The National Retail Federation, along with the American International Automobile Dealers Association, the National Grocers Association and others are joining forces to form Americans for Affordable Products. That group will run a campaign to educate consumers and show lawmakers that the so-called Border Adjusted Tax plan would lead to higher prices of as much as 20 percent on everyday items including clothing, food and even gas. VIDEOS TOP JOBS The diversified group, which also includes such companies as Nike, Best Buy, luxury conglomerate LVMH and Dollar General, is trying to make their opposition heard even while Congress and the president try to sort out exactly what adjustments to put forth. Congressional Republicans want to eliminate tax incentives that encourage U.S. companies to move overseas, sharply cut the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent, and encourage more factory output at home. But opponents say the plan would have a harmful rippling effect, causing companies to even lay off workers. The proposal — spearheaded by House GOP Speaker Paul Ryan and Texas Rep. Kevin Brady, the top Republican on the House tax-writing committee — would constitute the most sweeping reforms to corporate taxes in at least three decades. Trump has dismissed the cornerstone of the House GOP plan as "too complicated" and has been touting a 35 percent levy on imports. Yet his spokesman appeared to put the tax back in play last week by proposing a 20 percent tax on goods from Mexico and "other countries we have a trade deficit with" to pay for a border wall. "There's a rush to get this done in Congress. We want to make sure our voices are heard," said David French, chief lobbyist for the National Retail Federation, which has been dispatching members to meet with different levels of the new administration as well as lawmakers. Details of the consumer campaign are still being worked out, according to a spokeswoman at the retail trade group. A lot is at stake. Nearly all such items that U.S. shoppers buy are either wholly or partly produced overseas as companies have sought the cheapest way to make goods. And with online competition and shoppers trained to find the best deals, U.S. retailers haven't had the power to raise prices on many goods for several years. "I'm losing sleep. I am scared out of my mind," said Rick Woldenberg, CEO of Learning Resources, which has signed on to the coalition. It is a family-owned company based in Vernon Hills, Ill. that makes educational toys and employs 150 people in the U.S. He estimates that under the GOP plan his federal tax rate would soar to 165 percent from 39.6 percent, he would have to raise prices by 10 percent to 15 percent to stay viable, and would have to lay off employees. Retail industry leaders "describe it as an existential threat," said Stephen Lamar, executive vice president at the American Apparel & Footwear Association, another member of the coalition. "When they crunch the numbers, it really affects things like solvency and profits." Lamar said companies would likely have to pass along higher prices to shoppers, who wouldn't tolerate it. Companies say they also would have to try to squeeze suppliers for more savings and fear they might even have to lay off workers or close stores. George Feldenkreis, CEO of Perry Ellis International, estimates that he would have to raise prices on his clothing anywhere from 20 percent to 25 percent if the border tax went into effect. Shirts currently range in price from $14.99 to $49.99. "People who are thinking about it don't know the consequences," Feldenkreis said. He added that the company would also have to lay off workers. "It's not just a retail implication," said Jack Kleinhenz, chief economist at the National Retail Federation. "We know it's going to impact Main Street in many ways. It could be autos, manufacturing." » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES The last refugees Berkeley campus chaos over canceled Milo Yiannopoulos appearance spurs free-speech questions Utah couple sentenced to jail in connection with death of baby You have to be Christian to truly be 'American'? Many people in the U.S. say so. Utah football: In Texas and Hawaii, Utes take a step forward in recruiting ELEVATE H&R Block Announces Two New Offers: Refund Advance of Up to $1,250 and Free Federal 1040EZ   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   3 Unforgettable Date Night Ideas   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
News Local Oil & Gas National Sports World Entertainment Business Breaking News Alerts News Tips About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Local Sports Entertainment Oil & Gas National Loading articles... Retailers, trade groups increase fight against tax proposal World by Anne D'Innocenzio And Christopher S. Rugaber, The Associated Press Posted Feb 1, 2017 11:36 am MST Last Updated Feb 1, 2017 at 1:40 pm MST In this Thursday, May 26, 2016, photo, a woman pushes her shopping cart as an employee pulls a long line of carts outside a Target store in Encinitas, Calif. More than 100 retailers, including Wal-Mart and Target as well as key trade associations, are launching a new coalition aimed at fighting a Republican proposal on how imports get taxed, which they believe would harm their businesses. (AP Photo/Lenny Ignelzi) NEW YORK, N.Y. – More than 100 retailers including Wal-Mart and Target as well as key trade associations are launching a new coalition aimed at fighting a Republican proposal on how imports get taxed, a measure they believe would harm their businesses. The National Retail Federation, along with the American International Automobile Dealers Association, the National Grocers Association and others are joining forces to form Americans for Affordable Products, which will run a campaign to educate consumers and show lawmakers that the so-called Border Adjusted Tax plan would lead to higher prices of as much as 20 per cent on everyday items including clothing, food and even gas. The diversified group, which also includes such companies as Nike, Best Buy, luxury conglomerate LVMH and Dollar General, is trying to make their opposition heard even while Congress and the president try to sort out exactly what adjustments to put forth. Congressional Republicans want to eliminate tax incentives that encourage U.S. companies to move overseas, sharply cut the corporate tax rate to 20 per cent from 35 per cent, and encourage more factory output at home. But opponents say the plan would have a harmful rippling effect, causing companies to even lay off workers. The proposal — spearheaded by House GOP Speaker Paul Ryan and Texas Rep. Kevin Brady, the top Republican on the House tax-writing committee — would constitute the most sweeping reforms to corporate taxes in at least three decades. Trump has dismissed the cornerstone of the House GOP plan as “too complicated” and has been touting a 35 per cent levy on imports. Yet his spokesman appeared to put the tax back in play last week by proposing a 20 per cent tax on goods from Mexico and “other countries we have a trade deficit with” to pay for a border wall. “There’s a rush to get this done in Congress. We want to make sure our voices are heard,” said David French, chief lobbyist for the National Retail Federation, which has been dispatching members to meet with different levels of the new administration as well as lawmakers. Details of the consumer campaign are still being worked out, according to a spokeswoman at the retail trade group. A lot is at stake. Nearly all such items that U.S. shoppers buy are either wholly or partly produced overseas as companies have sought the cheapest way to make goods. And with online competition and shoppers trained to find the best deals, U.S. retailers haven’t had the power to raise prices on many goods for several years. “I’m losing sleep. I am scared out of my mind,” said Rick Woldenberg, CEO of Learning Resources, which has signed on to the coalition. It is a family-owned company based in Vernon Hills, Illinois that makes educational toys and employs 150 people in the U.S. He estimates that under the GOP plan his federal tax rate would soar to 165 per cent from 39.6 per cent, he would have to raise prices by 10 per cent to 15 per cent to stay viable, and would have to lay off employees. Retail industry leaders “describe it as an existential threat,” said Stephen Lamar, executive vice-president at the American Apparel & Footwear Association, another member of the coalition. “When they crunch the numbers, it really affects things like solvency and profits.” Lamar said companies would likely have to pass along higher prices to shoppers, who wouldn’t tolerate it. Companies say they also would have to try to squeeze suppliers for more savings and fear they might even have to lay off workers or close stores. George Feldenkreis, CEO of Perry Ellis International, estimates that he would have to raise prices on his clothing anywhere from 20 per cent to 25 per cent if the border tax went into effect. Shirts currently range in price from $14.99 to $49.99. “People who are thinking about it don’t know the consequences,” Feldenkreis said. He added that the company would also have to lay off workers. “It’s not just a retail implication,” said Jack Kleinhenz, chief economist at the National Retail Federation. “We know it’s going to impact Main Street in many ways. It could be autos, manufacturing.” The proposal would essentially tax corporations based on where their products and services are consumed, rather than on their incomes. In that way, it is similar to a sales tax. House GOP supporters such as Ryan and Brady say that would eliminate the incentives for corporations to use complex schemes to shift their incomes to lower-tax jurisdictions. To ensure the tax is focused on U.S. sales only, it would exclude a company’s export sales. But the cost of imported goods would be taxed. The tax could raise as much as $1.2 trillion in revenue over the next decade, which would help pay for the steep tax cuts included in the House GOP plan. Proponents say if the plan is enacted, the dollar will increase in value by as much as 25 per cent, resulting in cheaper imports and offsetting the impact. But many economists and industry executives worry the dollar wouldn’t adjust, or certainly not fast enough. And Lamar said a shirt label saying “Made in China,” doesn’t tell the whole story. Seventy per cent of the value of the garment supports U.S jobs in areas like design and logistics, he said. Other groups also oppose the border-adjusted tax, including Americans for Prosperity, a conservative organization backed by billionaires Charles and David Koch, who typically donate generously to Republican campaigns. The tax would likely encourage companies to produce more in the U.S., or buy more of their parts and components in the U.S. Some companies say they could make those changes in order to avoid raising prices too much. Robert Sands, the CEO of Constellation Brands, said on a recent conference call that the company could purchase more natural gas from the United States, rather than Mexico, which it uses to make glass for the Corona and Modelo beer it imports. “It’s those kinds of things that we are looking at, planning on, if this comes to pass,” Sands said. “We don’t expect consumer demand for our product to be affected.” Woldenberg, though, whose company makes 98 per cent of its products overseas, says shifting his manufacturing to the U.S. isn’t an option. In the last three years, he said he tried twice to find some U.S. moulders interested in making its products here, but it wasn’t financially feasible. He also doesn’t believe that changes in foreign exchange rates will offset the costs of the plan for retailers. And even if it did, he says relief wouldn’t come right away. “I am not going to play the currency markets to run this business,” he said. “I want to make toys. I am not a forex trader.” ___ This story has been corrected to show that Congressman Kevin Brady represents Texas, not Missouri. Next Story Movie Trailers February 3, 2017 to February 9, 2017 Landmark 6, 10015 Manning Ave. PH:791-6610 Landmark Cinemas Landmark Cinemas Fort McMurray   Resident Evil: The Final Chapter (14A) 3D 7:00pm 3:30pm / 9:45pm A Dog’s Purpose (PG) 3:00pm / 6:15pm / 9:00pm La La Land (PG) 2:50pm / 6:00pm / 9:10pm Split (14A) 3:10pm / 6:30pm / 9:25pm XXX: Return of Xander Cage 3D 9:35pm 3:50pm / 6:45pm   Monster Trucks (PG) 3D 10:10pm     660 NEWS CALGARY NATIONAL Mexican drug lord ‘El Chapo’ to appear in US court Just moments ago ‘Deadpool’ star Ryan Reynolds being honoured at Harvard Just moments ago Nordstrom to drop Ivanka Trump’s clothing, accessories line 18 minutes ago Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls Feb 02, 2017, 11:54 PM Angelina Jolie takes on travel ban in New York Times op-ed Feb 02, 2017, 11:53 PM Alaska pot conference call interrupted by flushing toilet Feb 02, 2017, 11:51 PM New Brunswick farmer vows to appeal in massive-pile-of-manure case Feb 02, 2017, 3:13 PM Halifax shipyard says warship 'gap' could result in layoffs without federal help Feb 02, 2017, 3:01 PM British Columbia oysters may be making Ontarians ill, health official warns Feb 02, 2017, 2:50 PM Accused denies counselling her distraught husband to kill himself Feb 02, 2017, 2:39 PM Insurer must cover Nova Scotia man's medical marijuana: human rights board Feb 02, 2017, 1:24 PM Nova Scotia freezes judges' salaries, says it can't afford hefty hike Feb 02, 2017, 1:16 PM BUSINESS SPORTSNET OIL & GAS ENTERTAINMENT Most actively traded companies on the TSX Feb 02, 2017, 2:42 PM NDP promises climate rebate cheques for families in British Columbia Feb 02, 2017, 2:21 PM NAFTA: Trump calls for quick negotiation, says he's open to different deal types Feb 02, 2017, 12:41 PM 'Estimates of convenience': Researcher says Alberta spills data too positive Feb 02, 2017, 11:37 AM Home sales plummet in previously red-hot Vancouver as market softens Feb 02, 2017, 11:26 AM Takeaways: Heavy work load could be getting to Auston Matthews Just moments ago Takeaways: Oilers run into defensively strong Predators in loss 13 minutes ago First period the decisive blow in Canucks’ loss to Sharks Just moments ago Patrick Marleau scores 500th career goal as Sharks down Canucks Just moments ago Mike Yeo wins first game as Blues hand Maple Leafs third straight loss Just moments ago Environmental groups concerned pipeline project will increase tanker traffic Jul 26, 2016, 8:20 AM Oil prices poised to slide, crude glut continues Jul 26, 2016, 7:33 AM "Distasteful" ad prompts Canada Action to further distance itself from former volunteer Jul 25, 2016, 2:35 PM Oil spill forces Prince Albert to shutdown water intake Jul 25, 2016, 10:11 AM ConocoPhillips Canada plans to cut upwards of 300 staff, mostly in Calgary Jul 22, 2016, 1:01 PM PUBLISHERS WEEKLY Bestsellers Feb 02, 2017, 2:59 PM Sales soar for Milo book 'Dangerous'; publisher mum on tour Feb 02, 2017, 2:11 PM Beyoncé breaks record on Instagram with baby bump picture Feb 02, 2017, 12:41 PM Lady Gaga says Super Bowl halftime show is 'for everyone' Feb 02, 2017, 12:03 PM Lauryn Hill sorry about late Pittsburgh show, plans another Feb 02, 2017, 10:51 AM Home About Us Contact Us Breaking News Alerts Advertise with us Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 9912 Franklin Ave, Fort McMurray, Alberta T9H 2K5 © 2016-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
Las Vegas Sun February 3, 2017 Currently: 52° — Complete forecast Las Vegas Sun The Sunday News Vegas INC Opinion Sports Politics Entertainment Las Vegas Weekly Events Sports betting UNLV sports Gaming Education NHL in Las Vegas Smith's World HS Basketball Newsletter signup 0 Comments Retailers, trade groups increase fight against tax proposal Lenny Ignelzi / AP In this Thursday, May 26, 2016, photo, a woman pushes her shopping cart as an employee pulls a long line of carts outside a Target store in Encinitas, Calif. By Anne D'Innocenzio and Christopher S. Rugaber, Associated Press Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017 | 11:12 a.m. NEW YORK — More than 100 retailers including Wal-Mart and Target as well as key trade associations are launching a new coalition aimed at fighting a Republican proposal on how imports get taxed, which they believe would harm their businesses. The National Retail Federation, along with the American International Automobile Dealers Association, the National Grocers Association and others are joining forces to form Americans for Affordable Products, which will run a campaign to educate consumers and show lawmakers that the so-called Border Adjusted Tax plan would lead to higher prices of as much as 20 percent on everyday items including clothing, food and even gas. The diversified group, which also includes such companies as Nike, Best Buy, luxury conglomerate LVMH and Dollar General, is trying to make their opposition heard even while Congress and the president try to sort out exactly what adjustments to put forth. Congressional Republicans want to eliminate tax incentives that encourage U.S. companies to move overseas, sharply cut the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent, and encourage more factory output at home. But opponents say the plan would have a harmful rippling effect, causing companies to even lay off workers. The proposal — spearheaded by House GOP Speaker Paul Ryan and Missouri Rep. Kevin Brady, the top Republican on the House tax-writing committee — would constitute the most sweeping reforms to corporate taxes in at least three decades. Trump has dismissed the cornerstone of the House GOP plan as "too complicated" and has been touting a 35 percent levy on imports. Yet his spokesman appeared to put the tax back in play last week by proposing a 20 percent tax on goods from Mexico and "other countries we have a trade deficit with" to pay for a border wall. "There's a rush to get this done in Congress. We want to make sure our voices are heard," said David French, chief lobbyist for the National Retail Federation, which has been dispatching members to meet with different levels of the new administration as well as lawmakers. Details of the consumer campaign are still being worked out, according to a spokeswoman at the retail trade group. A lot is at stake. Nearly all such items that U.S. shoppers buy are either wholly or partly produced overseas as companies have sought the cheapest way to make goods. And with online competition and shoppers trained to find the best deals, U.S. retailers haven't had the power to raise prices on many goods for several years. "I'm losing sleep. I am scared out of my mind," said Rick Woldenberg, CEO of Learning Resources, which has signed on to the coalition. It is a family-owned company based in Vernon Hills, Illinois that makes educational toys and employs 150 people in the U.S. He estimates that under the GOP plan his federal tax rate would soar to 165 percent from 39.6 percent, he would have to raise prices by 10 percent to 15 percent to stay viable, and would have to lay off employees. Retail industry leaders "describe it as an existential threat," said Stephen Lamar, executive vice president at the American Apparel & Footwear Association, another member of the coalition. "When they crunch the numbers, it really affects things like solvency and profits." Lamar said companies would likely have to pass along higher prices to shoppers, who wouldn't tolerate it. Companies say they also would have to try to squeeze suppliers for more savings and fear they might even have to lay off workers or close stores. George Feldenkreis, CEO of Perry Ellis International, estimates that he would have to raise prices on his clothing anywhere from 20 percent to 25 percent if the border tax went into effect. Shirts currently range in price from $14.99 to $49.99. "People who are thinking about it don't know the consequences," Feldenkreis said. He added that the company would also have to lay off workers. "It's not just a retail implication," said Jack Kleinhenz, chief economist at the National Retail Federation. "We know it's going to impact Main Street in many ways. It could be autos, manufacturing." The proposal would essentially tax corporations based on where their products and services are consumed, rather than on their incomes. In that way, it is similar to a sales tax. House GOP supporters such as Ryan and Brady say that would eliminate the incentives for corporations to use complex schemes to shift their incomes to lower-tax jurisdictions. To ensure the tax is focused on U.S. sales only, it would exclude a company's export sales. But the cost of imported goods would be taxed. The tax could raise as much as $1.2 trillion in revenue over the next decade, which would help pay for the steep tax cuts included in the House GOP plan. Proponents say if the plan is enacted, the dollar will increase in value by as much as 25 percent, resulting in cheaper imports and offsetting the impact. But many economists and industry executives worry the dollar wouldn't adjust, or certainly not fast enough. And Lamar said a shirt label saying "Made in China," doesn't tell the whole story. Seventy percent of the value of the garment supports U.S jobs in areas like design and logistics, he said. Other groups also oppose the border-adjusted tax, including Americans for Prosperity, a conservative organization backed by billionaires Charles and David Koch, who typically donate generously to Republican campaigns. The tax would likely encourage companies to produce more in the U.S., or buy more of their parts and components in the U.S. Some companies say they could make those changes in order to avoid raising prices too much. Robert Sands, the CEO of Constellation Brands, said on a recent conference call that the company could purchase more natural gas from the United States, rather than Mexico, which it uses to make glass for the Corona and Modelo beer it imports. "It's those kinds of things that we are looking at, planning on, if this comes to pass," Sands said. "We don't expect consumer demand for our product to be affected." Woldenberg, though, whose company makes 98 percent of its products overseas, says shifting his manufacturing to the U.S. isn't an option. In the last three years, he said he tried twice to find some U.S. molders interested in making its products here, but it wasn't financially feasible. He also doesn't believe that changes in foreign exchange rates will offset the costs of the plan for retailers. And even if it did, he says relief wouldn't come right away. "I am not going to play the currency markets to run this business," he said. "I want to make toys. I am not a forex trader." 0 Comments Join the Discussion: Check this out for a full explanation of our conversion to the LiveFyre commenting system and instructions on how to sign up for an account. Full comments policy Most Popular Viewed Discussed Trending Game over? State exec tries to offer hope on Raiders move Vulnerable Republican lawmaker Dean Heller under mounting pressure NFL won’t allow casino owners any stake in Raiders’ possible move to Las Vegas Most holidays beat Super Bowl hotel-room occupancy rate in Las Vegas Psychologist arrested in wife’s death 2 years after suicide ruling Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Tumblr Email Edition RSS Scene in Las Vegas Super Bowl: Where will Lady Gaga’s halftime show rank? Film: De Niro bombs as stand-up in 'The Comedian' Dining: STK’s sliders are the perfect football food Featured Galleries Shadowing at the Mob Museum Berkeley Protest Blocks Breibart Editor’s Speech 131st celebration of Groundhog Day More photos » AP Headlines Calendar 3 Fri 4 Sat 5 Sun 6 Mon 7 Tue First Friday Downtown Arts District Willie Nelson The Venetian Resort Hotel Casino Jon Lovitz & Dana Carvey SLS Las Vegas Hotel & Casino All events on Friday » Chinese New Year Dim Sum Brunch Wing Lei HIR Art Square B.E. A S.H.E.R.O. Mardi Gras Masquerade Fundraiser Rain Nightclub | 6 p.m. to 10 p.m. All events on Saturday » The Big Game Watch Parties South Point Hotel-Casino-Spa | 10:30 a.m. to 8 p.m. The Big Game Party Ellis Island Casino & Brewery | noon to 8 p.m. Ultraman 50th Anniversary Screening Eclipse Theaters, 814 S. 3rd St., Las Vegas, NV 89101 All events on Sunday » Metro Pizza’s “Valentines” Pizza All Metro Pizza locations Rex Dart and the Bargain DJ Collective Double Down Saloon Half Off Happy Hour PT's, Sean Patrick's and Sierra Gold locations All events on Monday » A Room of One's Own Left of Center Art Gallery | noon to 3 p.m. Nickel Beer Night The Beauty Bar Unique Massive Double Down Saloon All events on Tuesday » News Entertainment Opinion Sports Politics Vegas INC - Business U.S. & World Today's Paper Jobs Locally owned and independent since 1950; Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, best news website in the nation & DuPont Award for broadcast journalism About Us Contact Us Advertising FAQ User Agreement Awards Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Mobile Greenspun Media Group Vegas Inc Las Vegas Weekly Las Vegas Magazine SMP Vegas © Las Vegas Sun, 2017, All Rights Reserved Las Vegas Sun 2275 Corporate Circle, Ste. 300 Henderson, NV 89074
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1971 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services News SPECIAL REPORT: The Heroin Crisis Campaign 2016 Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Salute_to_seniors Video Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusetts Public Notices About Us Contact Us e-Edition App Downloads Login 24° Clear North Andover, MA (01845) Today Except for a few afternoon clouds, mainly sunny. High 33F. Winds WSW at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Some clouds early will give way to generally clear conditions overnight. Low 17F. Winds W at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: February 3, 2017 @ 3:54 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services News SPECIAL REPORT: The Heroin Crisis Campaign 2016 Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Salute_to_seniors Video Haverhill news City debates need for elderly housing By Peter Francis pfrancis@eagletribune.com 7 hrs ago Fighting for respect: Immigrants' blood, sweat and tears make Lawrence boxing history Firefighters will climb 800 steps for lung fundraiser A bike shop with a mission closes in Lawrence  New Hampshire Police Logs Second company in Windham fraud scheme sees indictments dismissed Luring teens off Haverhill streets MSPCA offers discount on pig neutering Diapers needed for the Giving Tree Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Local Sports featured Andover's Beucler edges teammate, then breaks two MVC Meet relay titles +8 By David Willis dwillis@eagletribune.com 2 hrs ago Slideshow: The Headliners; Super Entertainment Super Bowl heroes (and zeroes) REPLAY: Bill Burt's live tour of Super Bowl LI events in Houston SUPER-sized Showdown: Everything about Sunday's big game matchup plays on a GRAND scale REPLAY: Bill Burt's live tour of Super Bowl LI events in Houston Slideshow: Roger Goodell press conference BILL BURT: Falcons win with Quinn ... Coach appears to have built long-term winner Alabama continues its reign atop team recruiting standings Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Community Club News Jan 29, 2017 Reunions Community Calendar Lawlor-Lord Engagement Reunions Club News Community Calendar Substance abuse support group's quarterly meeting tonight Club News Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Opinion Click here for story 6 hrs ago Sound off Sound off Soundoff Sound off Like it or not, Trump's the president Congressional Republicans must decode Trump's remarks Salem land sale opposition has nothing to do water quality Our view: Lawmakers, governor must work together to close DA funding gap Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusetts Public Notices AP Retailers, trade groups increase fight against tax proposal By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO and CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER AP Business Reporters Feb 1, 2017 Updated Feb 1, 2017 NEW YORK (AP) — More than 100 retailers including Wal-Mart and Target as well as key trade associations are launching a new coalition aimed at fighting a Republican proposal on how imports get taxed, a measure they believe would harm their businesses. The National Retail Federation, along with the American International Automobile Dealers Association, the National Grocers Association and others are joining forces to form Americans for Affordable Products, which will run a campaign to educate consumers and show lawmakers that the so-called Border Adjusted Tax plan would lead to higher prices of as much as 20 percent on everyday items including clothing, food and even gas. The diversified group, which also includes such companies as Nike, Best Buy, luxury conglomerate LVMH and Dollar General, is trying to make their opposition heard even while Congress and the president try to sort out exactly what adjustments to put forth. Congressional Republicans want to eliminate tax incentives that encourage U.S. companies to move overseas, sharply cut the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent, and encourage more factory output at home. But opponents say the plan would have a harmful rippling effect, causing companies to even lay off workers. The proposal — spearheaded by House GOP Speaker Paul Ryan and Texas Rep. Kevin Brady, the top Republican on the House tax-writing committee — would constitute the most sweeping reforms to corporate taxes in at least three decades. Trump has dismissed the cornerstone of the House GOP plan as "too complicated" and has been touting a 35 percent levy on imports. Yet his spokesman appeared to put the tax back in play last week by proposing a 20 percent tax on goods from Mexico and "other countries we have a trade deficit with" to pay for a border wall. "There's a rush to get this done in Congress. We want to make sure our voices are heard," said David French, chief lobbyist for the National Retail Federation, which has been dispatching members to meet with different levels of the new administration as well as lawmakers. Details of the consumer campaign are still being worked out, according to a spokeswoman at the retail trade group. A lot is at stake. Nearly all such items that U.S. shoppers buy are either wholly or partly produced overseas as companies have sought the cheapest way to make goods. And with online competition and shoppers trained to find the best deals, U.S. retailers haven't had the power to raise prices on many goods for several years. "I'm losing sleep. I am scared out of my mind," said Rick Woldenberg, CEO of Learning Resources, which has signed on to the coalition. It is a family-owned company based in Vernon Hills, Illinois that makes educational toys and employs 150 people in the U.S. He estimates that under the GOP plan his federal tax rate would soar to 165 percent from 39.6 percent, he would have to raise prices by 10 percent to 15 percent to stay viable, and would have to lay off employees. Retail industry leaders "describe it as an existential threat," said Stephen Lamar, executive vice president at the American Apparel & Footwear Association, another member of the coalition. "When they crunch the numbers, it really affects things like solvency and profits." Lamar said companies would likely have to pass along higher prices to shoppers, who wouldn't tolerate it. Companies say they also would have to try to squeeze suppliers for more savings and fear they might even have to lay off workers or close stores. George Feldenkreis, CEO of Perry Ellis International, estimates that he would have to raise prices on his clothing anywhere from 20 percent to 25 percent if the border tax went into effect. Shirts currently range in price from $14.99 to $49.99. "People who are thinking about it don't know the consequences," Feldenkreis said. He added that the company would also have to lay off workers. "It's not just a retail implication," said Jack Kleinhenz, chief economist at the National Retail Federation. "We know it's going to impact Main Street in many ways. It could be autos, manufacturing." The proposal would essentially tax corporations based on where their products and services are consumed, rather than on their incomes. In that way, it is similar to a sales tax. House GOP supporters such as Ryan and Brady say that would eliminate the incentives for corporations to use complex schemes to shift their incomes to lower-tax jurisdictions. To ensure the tax is focused on U.S. sales only, it would exclude a company's export sales. But the cost of imported goods would be taxed. The tax could raise as much as $1.2 trillion in revenue over the next decade, which would help pay for the steep tax cuts included in the House GOP plan. Proponents say if the plan is enacted, the dollar will increase in value by as much as 25 percent, resulting in cheaper imports and offsetting the impact. But many economists and industry executives worry the dollar wouldn't adjust, or certainly not fast enough. And Lamar said a shirt label saying "Made in China," doesn't tell the whole story. Seventy percent of the value of the garment supports U.S jobs in areas like design and logistics, he said. Other groups also oppose the border-adjusted tax, including Americans for Prosperity, a conservative organization backed by billionaires Charles and David Koch, who typically donate generously to Republican campaigns. The tax would likely encourage companies to produce more in the U.S., or buy more of their parts and components in the U.S. Some companies say they could make those changes in order to avoid raising prices too much. Robert Sands, the CEO of Constellation Brands, said on a recent conference call that the company could purchase more natural gas from the United States, rather than Mexico, which it uses to make glass for the Corona and Modelo beer it imports. "It's those kinds of things that we are looking at, planning on, if this comes to pass," Sands said. "We don't expect consumer demand for our product to be affected." Woldenberg, though, whose company makes 98 percent of its products overseas, says shifting his manufacturing to the U.S. isn't an option. In the last three years, he said he tried twice to find some U.S. molders interested in making its products here, but it wasn't financially feasible. He also doesn't believe that changes in foreign exchange rates will offset the costs of the plan for retailers. And even if it did, he says relief wouldn't come right away. "I am not going to play the currency markets to run this business," he said. "I want to make toys. I am not a forex trader." ___ This story has been corrected to show that Congressman Kevin Brady represents Texas, not Missouri. Tags Business General News Government And Politics Small Business International Trade Economy Corporate Taxes Corporate News Government Taxation And Revenue Government Finance Government Business And Finance Legislature Currency Markets Financial Markets Apparel Manufacturing Textiles, Apparel And Accessories Manufacturing Consumer Product Manufacturing Consumer Products And Services National Taxes National Governments Retail Industry Retail And Wholesale Consumer Services Prices Apparel And Accessories Retail Layoffs Personnel Locations United States North America Mexico Missouri We have recently upgraded our commenting system. If you wish to comment please login using your social ID or create a new account. ADVERTISERS Featured Homes of the Week +3 Nichols Village -- a senior living community in Groveland     By Lillian Shapiro Director of Real Estate Advertising Text Alerts Sign Up Get text messages on your mobile phone with news, weather and more from The Eagle-Tribune.Sign up Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles BREAKING: Probable cause hearing in teen's beheading not held Body found in burnt van in Lawrence Evidence impounded in Lawrence beheading murder    'Live, Work, Stay, Play' proposal outlined in Salem Methuen fentanyl trafficking case tossed after lab tests negative  Woman accused in Haverhill home invasion is freed Teen airlifted to Boston after being struck by car in Andover Stephanie's fight: Plaistow woman battles rare disease Police search for Home Depot robber Police: Drunk Salem woman crashed with toddler in car Images Videos Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Twitter Tweets by eagletrib Connect with Us Latest Video MORE VIDEOS Buy our photos To view or purchase photos, visit photos.northofboston.com. First Amendment: Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. Contact Information eagletribune.com 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA 01845 Phone: 978-946-2000 Email: news@eagletribune.com Services About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Submission Forms Advertiser Index Sections News Sports Community Opinion Obituaries Photos Public Notices Video Gallery Weather © Copyright 2017 Eagle-Tribune, 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Retailers, trade groups increase fight against tax proposal Anne d'Innocenzio and Christopher s. Rugaber, AP Business Reporters Associated PressFebruary 1, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share In this Thursday, May 26, 2016, photo, a woman pushes her shopping cart as an employee pulls a long line of carts outside a Target store in Encinitas, Calif. More than 100 retailers, including Wal-Mart and Target as well as key trade associations, are launching a new coalition aimed at fighting a Republican proposal on how imports get taxed, which they believe would harm their businesses. (AP Photo/Lenny Ignelzi) More NEW YORK (AP) -- More than 100 retailers including Wal-Mart and Target as well as key trade associations are launching a new coalition aimed at fighting a Republican proposal on how imports get taxed, a measure they believe would harm their businesses. The National Retail Federation, along with the American International Automobile Dealers Association, the National Grocers Association and others are joining forces to form Americans for Affordable Products, which will run a campaign to educate consumers and show lawmakers that the so-called Border Adjusted Tax plan would lead to higher prices of as much as 20 percent on everyday items including clothing, food and even gas. The diversified group, which also includes such companies as Nike, Best Buy, luxury conglomerate LVMH and Dollar General, is trying to make their opposition heard even while Congress and the president try to sort out exactly what adjustments to put forth. Congressional Republicans want to eliminate tax incentives that encourage U.S. companies to move overseas, sharply cut the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent, and encourage more factory output at home. But opponents say the plan would have a harmful rippling effect, causing companies to even lay off workers. The proposal — spearheaded by House GOP Speaker Paul Ryan and Texas Rep. Kevin Brady, the top Republican on the House tax-writing committee — would constitute the most sweeping reforms to corporate taxes in at least three decades. Trump has dismissed the cornerstone of the House GOP plan as "too complicated" and has been touting a 35 percent levy on imports. Yet his spokesman appeared to put the tax back in play last week by proposing a 20 percent tax on goods from Mexico and "other countries we have a trade deficit with" to pay for a border wall. "There's a rush to get this done in Congress. We want to make sure our voices are heard," said David French, chief lobbyist for the National Retail Federation, which has been dispatching members to meet with different levels of the new administration as well as lawmakers. Details of the consumer campaign are still being worked out, according to a spokeswoman at the retail trade group. A lot is at stake. Nearly all such items that U.S. shoppers buy are either wholly or partly produced overseas as companies have sought the cheapest way to make goods. And with online competition and shoppers trained to find the best deals, U.S. retailers haven't had the power to raise prices on many goods for several years. "I'm losing sleep. I am scared out of my mind," said Rick Woldenberg, CEO of Learning Resources, which has signed on to the coalition. It is a family-owned company based in Vernon Hills, Illinois that makes educational toys and employs 150 people in the U.S. He estimates that under the GOP plan his federal tax rate would soar to 165 percent from 39.6 percent, he would have to raise prices by 10 percent to 15 percent to stay viable, and would have to lay off employees. Retail industry leaders "describe it as an existential threat," said Stephen Lamar, executive vice president at the American Apparel & Footwear Association, another member of the coalition. "When they crunch the numbers, it really affects things like solvency and profits." Lamar said companies would likely have to pass along higher prices to shoppers, who wouldn't tolerate it. Companies say they also would have to try to squeeze suppliers for more savings and fear they might even have to lay off workers or close stores. George Feldenkreis, CEO of Perry Ellis International, estimates that he would have to raise prices on his clothing anywhere from 20 percent to 25 percent if the border tax went into effect. Shirts currently range in price from $14.99 to $49.99. "People who are thinking about it don't know the consequences," Feldenkreis said. He added that the company would also have to lay off workers. "It's not just a retail implication," said Jack Kleinhenz, chief economist at the National Retail Federation. "We know it's going to impact Main Street in many ways. It could be autos, manufacturing." The proposal would essentially tax corporations based on where their products and services are consumed, rather than on their incomes. In that way, it is similar to a sales tax. House GOP supporters such as Ryan and Brady say that would eliminate the incentives for corporations to use complex schemes to shift their incomes to lower-tax jurisdictions. To ensure the tax is focused on U.S. sales only, it would exclude a company's export sales. But the cost of imported goods would be taxed. The tax could raise as much as $1.2 trillion in revenue over the next decade, which would help pay for the steep tax cuts included in the House GOP plan. Proponents say if the plan is enacted, the dollar will increase in value by as much as 25 percent, resulting in cheaper imports and offsetting the impact. But many economists and industry executives worry the dollar wouldn't adjust, or certainly not fast enough. And Lamar said a shirt label saying "Made in China," doesn't tell the whole story. Seventy percent of the value of the garment supports U.S jobs in areas like design and logistics, he said. Other groups also oppose the border-adjusted tax, including Americans for Prosperity, a conservative organization backed by billionaires Charles and David Koch, who typically donate generously to Republican campaigns. The tax would likely encourage companies to produce more in the U.S., or buy more of their parts and components in the U.S. Some companies say they could make those changes in order to avoid raising prices too much. Robert Sands, the CEO of Constellation Brands, said on a recent conference call that the company could purchase more natural gas from the United States, rather than Mexico, which it uses to make glass for the Corona and Modelo beer it imports. "It's those kinds of things that we are looking at, planning on, if this comes to pass," Sands said. "We don't expect consumer demand for our product to be affected." Woldenberg, though, whose company makes 98 percent of its products overseas, says shifting his manufacturing to the U.S. isn't an option. In the last three years, he said he tried twice to find some U.S. molders interested in making its products here, but it wasn't financially feasible. He also doesn't believe that changes in foreign exchange rates will offset the costs of the plan for retailers. And even if it did, he says relief wouldn't come right away. "I am not going to play the currency markets to run this business," he said. "I want to make toys. I am not a forex trader." ___ This story has been corrected to show that Congressman Kevin Brady represents Texas, not Missouri. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next In Donald Trump’s White House, Female Staffers Must ‘Dress Like Women’ 2812 messages6%67%27% Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Lady Gaga Remains Mysterious on Super Bowl Halftime Show Details 5 messages0%50%50% Trump Supporter Fired Over Twitter Exchange With Patton Oswalt 3984 messages5%60%35% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 1135 messages5%58%37% The New Face of Marijuana Investing MONEY MORNINGSponsored Former Giants Kicker Josh Brown Speaks Out After Domestic Abuse Allegations Quadruple Homicide of Washington Family Is ‘Not a Random Act,’ Police Say 149 messages4%68%28% N. Korea nuclear attack would trigger 'overwhelming response': Mattis 89 messages6%70%24% Marijuana Industry is Growing. It's Time to Invest Agora FinancialSponsored New Israeli Settlements 'May Not Be Helpful' in Achieving Peace With Palestinians, White House Says 216 messages4%71%25% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 1007 messages9%20%71% Free Speech Questions After Canceled Milo Yiannopoulos UC Berkeley Event 4 messages0%78%22% Wall Street "Poster Boy" Makes A Big Prediction Banyan HillSponsored How This Woman Got Her Bubble Butt 82 messages8%67%25% Alert: Krispy Kreme Is Giving Away Free Doughnuts for the Next Three Weeks 351 messages7%74%19% Sen. Manchin: I’d like to see 60-vote rule apply to everything Max Wang: Who cares what you want ...hypocrite! How did you feel when Harry Reid did his little trick? Join the Conversation 1 / 5 260 Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Jobs Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 17° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Sunshine and a few clouds. High around 20F. Winds W at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Mainly clear. Low 7F. Winds WNW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: February 2, 2017 @ 11:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close Lenny Ignelzi In this Thursday, May 26, 2016, photo, a woman pushes her shopping cart as an employee pulls a long line of carts outside a Target store in Encinitas, Calif. More than 100 retailers, including Wal-Mart and Target as well as key trade associations, are launching a new coalition aimed at fighting a Republican proposal on how imports get taxed, which they believe would harm their businesses. (AP Photo/Lenny Ignelzi) AP Retailers, trade groups increase fight against tax proposal By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO and CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER AP Business Reporters Feb 1, 2017 Updated 19 hrs ago 0 Lenny Ignelzi In this Thursday, May 26, 2016, photo, a woman pushes her shopping cart as an employee pulls a long line of carts outside a Target store in Encinitas, Calif. More than 100 retailers, including Wal-Mart and Target as well as key trade associations, are launching a new coalition aimed at fighting a Republican proposal on how imports get taxed, which they believe would harm their businesses. (AP Photo/Lenny Ignelzi) NEW YORK (AP) — More than 100 retailers including Wal-Mart and Target as well as key trade associations are launching a new coalition aimed at fighting a Republican proposal on how imports get taxed, a measure they believe would harm their businesses. The National Retail Federation, along with the American International Automobile Dealers Association, the National Grocers Association and others are joining forces to form Americans for Affordable Products, which will run a campaign to educate consumers and show lawmakers that the so-called Border Adjusted Tax plan would lead to higher prices of as much as 20 percent on everyday items including clothing, food and even gas. The diversified group, which also includes such companies as Nike, Best Buy, luxury conglomerate LVMH and Dollar General, is trying to make their opposition heard even while Congress and the president try to sort out exactly what adjustments to put forth. Congressional Republicans want to eliminate tax incentives that encourage U.S. companies to move overseas, sharply cut the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent, and encourage more factory output at home. But opponents say the plan would have a harmful rippling effect, causing companies to even lay off workers. The proposal — spearheaded by House GOP Speaker Paul Ryan and Texas Rep. Kevin Brady, the top Republican on the House tax-writing committee — would constitute the most sweeping reforms to corporate taxes in at least three decades. Trump has dismissed the cornerstone of the House GOP plan as "too complicated" and has been touting a 35 percent levy on imports. Yet his spokesman appeared to put the tax back in play last week by proposing a 20 percent tax on goods from Mexico and "other countries we have a trade deficit with" to pay for a border wall. "There's a rush to get this done in Congress. We want to make sure our voices are heard," said David French, chief lobbyist for the National Retail Federation, which has been dispatching members to meet with different levels of the new administration as well as lawmakers. Details of the consumer campaign are still being worked out, according to a spokeswoman at the retail trade group. A lot is at stake. Nearly all such items that U.S. shoppers buy are either wholly or partly produced overseas as companies have sought the cheapest way to make goods. And with online competition and shoppers trained to find the best deals, U.S. retailers haven't had the power to raise prices on many goods for several years. "I'm losing sleep. I am scared out of my mind," said Rick Woldenberg, CEO of Learning Resources, which has signed on to the coalition. It is a family-owned company based in Vernon Hills, Illinois that makes educational toys and employs 150 people in the U.S. He estimates that under the GOP plan his federal tax rate would soar to 165 percent from 39.6 percent, he would have to raise prices by 10 percent to 15 percent to stay viable, and would have to lay off employees. Retail industry leaders "describe it as an existential threat," said Stephen Lamar, executive vice president at the American Apparel & Footwear Association, another member of the coalition. "When they crunch the numbers, it really affects things like solvency and profits." Lamar said companies would likely have to pass along higher prices to shoppers, who wouldn't tolerate it. Companies say they also would have to try to squeeze suppliers for more savings and fear they might even have to lay off workers or close stores. George Feldenkreis, CEO of Perry Ellis International, estimates that he would have to raise prices on his clothing anywhere from 20 percent to 25 percent if the border tax went into effect. Shirts currently range in price from $14.99 to $49.99. "People who are thinking about it don't know the consequences," Feldenkreis said. He added that the company would also have to lay off workers. "It's not just a retail implication," said Jack Kleinhenz, chief economist at the National Retail Federation. "We know it's going to impact Main Street in many ways. It could be autos, manufacturing." The proposal would essentially tax corporations based on where their products and services are consumed, rather than on their incomes. In that way, it is similar to a sales tax. House GOP supporters such as Ryan and Brady say that would eliminate the incentives for corporations to use complex schemes to shift their incomes to lower-tax jurisdictions. To ensure the tax is focused on U.S. sales only, it would exclude a company's export sales. But the cost of imported goods would be taxed. The tax could raise as much as $1.2 trillion in revenue over the next decade, which would help pay for the steep tax cuts included in the House GOP plan. Proponents say if the plan is enacted, the dollar will increase in value by as much as 25 percent, resulting in cheaper imports and offsetting the impact. But many economists and industry executives worry the dollar wouldn't adjust, or certainly not fast enough. And Lamar said a shirt label saying "Made in China," doesn't tell the whole story. Seventy percent of the value of the garment supports U.S jobs in areas like design and logistics, he said. Other groups also oppose the border-adjusted tax, including Americans for Prosperity, a conservative organization backed by billionaires Charles and David Koch, who typically donate generously to Republican campaigns. The tax would likely encourage companies to produce more in the U.S., or buy more of their parts and components in the U.S. Some companies say they could make those changes in order to avoid raising prices too much. Robert Sands, the CEO of Constellation Brands, said on a recent conference call that the company could purchase more natural gas from the United States, rather than Mexico, which it uses to make glass for the Corona and Modelo beer it imports. "It's those kinds of things that we are looking at, planning on, if this comes to pass," Sands said. "We don't expect consumer demand for our product to be affected." Woldenberg, though, whose company makes 98 percent of its products overseas, says shifting his manufacturing to the U.S. isn't an option. In the last three years, he said he tried twice to find some U.S. molders interested in making its products here, but it wasn't financially feasible. He also doesn't believe that changes in foreign exchange rates will offset the costs of the plan for retailers. And even if it did, he says relief wouldn't come right away. "I am not going to play the currency markets to run this business," he said. "I want to make toys. I am not a forex trader." ___ This story has been corrected to show that Congressman Kevin Brady represents Texas, not Missouri. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Tags Wire Business General News Government And Politics Small Business International Trade Economy Corporate Taxes Corporate News Government Taxation And Revenue Government Finance Government Business And Finance Legislature Currency Markets Financial Markets Apparel Manufacturing Textiles, Apparel And Accessories Manufacturing Consumer Product Manufacturing Consumer Products And Services National Taxes National Governments Retail Industry Retail And Wholesale Consumer Services Prices Apparel And Accessories Retail Layoffs Personnel × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Steve Cahalan: Two local McDonald’s to be rebuilt in next couple years Internet gives Avalanche Looms presence around the world Many Americans are optimistic about their finances after election Another milestone for NBC's 'This is Us' Starbucks to hire 10,000 refugees over next 5 years Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 10:13pm Fri 3 February Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Retailers, trade groups increase fight against tax proposal 9:05 AM Thursday Feb 2, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print World NEW YORK (AP) " More than 100 retailers including Wal-Mart and Target as well as key trade associations are launching a new coalition aimed at fighting a Republican proposal on how imports get taxed, a measure they believe would harm their businesses. The National Retail Federation, along with the American International Automobile Dealers Association, the National Grocers Association and others are joining forces to form Americans for Affordable Products, which will run a campaign to educate consumers and show lawmakers that the so-called Border Adjusted Tax plan would lead to higher prices of as much as 20 percent on everyday items including clothing, food and even gas. The diversified group, which also includes such companies as Nike, Best Buy, luxury conglomerate LVMH and Dollar General, is trying to make their opposition heard even while Congress and the president try to sort out exactly what adjustments to put forth. Congressional Republicans want to eliminate tax incentives that encourage U.S. companies to move overseas, sharply cut the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent, and encourage more factory output at home. But opponents say the plan would have a harmful rippling effect, causing companies to even lay off workers. The proposal " spearheaded by House GOP Speaker Paul Ryan and Texas Rep. Kevin Brady, the top Republican on the House tax-writing committee " would constitute the most sweeping reforms to corporate taxes in at least three decades. Trump has dismissed the cornerstone of the House GOP plan as "too complicated" and has been touting a 35 percent levy on imports. Yet his spokesman appeared to put the tax back in play last week by proposing a 20 percent tax on goods from Mexico and "other countries we have a trade deficit with" to pay for a border wall. "There's a rush to get this done in Congress. We want to make sure our voices are heard," said David French, chief lobbyist for the National Retail Federation, which has been dispatching members to meet with different levels of the new administration as well as lawmakers. Details of the consumer campaign are still being worked out, according to a spokeswoman at the retail trade group. A lot is at stake. Nearly all such items that U.S. shoppers buy are either wholly or partly produced overseas as companies have sought the cheapest way to make goods. And with online competition and shoppers trained to find the best deals, U.S. retailers haven't had the power to raise prices on many goods for several years. "I'm losing sleep. I am scared out of my mind," said Rick Woldenberg, CEO of Learning Resources, which has signed on to the coalition. It is a family-owned company based in Vernon Hills, Illinois that makes educational toys and employs 150 people in the U.S. Continued below. Related Content Your views: Readers' letters Audrey Young: English's trip to Europe courtesy of Key Is the 20-hour work week the way of the future? He estimates that under the GOP plan his federal tax rate would soar to 165 percent from 39.6 percent, he would have to raise prices by 10 percent to 15 percent to stay viable, and would have to lay off employees. Retail industry leaders "describe it as an existential threat," said Stephen Lamar, executive vice president at the American Apparel & Footwear Association, another member of the coalition. "When they crunch the numbers, it really affects things like solvency and profits." Lamar said companies would likely have to pass along higher prices to shoppers, who wouldn't tolerate it. Companies say they also would have to try to squeeze suppliers for more savings and fear they might even have to lay off workers or close stores. George Feldenkreis, CEO of Perry Ellis International, estimates that he would have to raise prices on his clothing anywhere from 20 percent to 25 percent if the border tax went into effect. Shirts currently range in price from $14.99 to $49.99. "People who are thinking about it don't know the consequences," Feldenkreis said. He added that the company would also have to lay off workers. "It's not just a retail implication," said Jack Kleinhenz, chief economist at the National Retail Federation. "We know it's going to impact Main Street in many ways. It could be autos, manufacturing." The proposal would essentially tax corporations based on where their products and services are consumed, rather than on their incomes. In that way, it is similar to a sales tax. House GOP supporters such as Ryan and Brady say that would eliminate the incentives for corporations to use complex schemes to shift their incomes to lower-tax jurisdictions. To ensure the tax is focused on U.S. sales only, it would exclude a company's export sales. But the cost of imported goods would be taxed. The tax could raise as much as $1.2 trillion in revenue over the next decade, which would help pay for the steep tax cuts included in the House GOP plan. Proponents say if the plan is enacted, the dollar will increase in value by as much as 25 percent, resulting in cheaper imports and offsetting the impact. But many economists and industry executives worry the dollar wouldn't adjust, or certainly not fast enough. And Lamar said a shirt label saying "Made in China," doesn't tell the whole story. Seventy percent of the value of the garment supports U.S jobs in areas like design and logistics, he said. Other groups also oppose the border-adjusted tax, including Americans for Prosperity, a conservative organization backed by billionaires Charles and David Koch, who typically donate generously to Republican campaigns. The tax would likely encourage companies to produce more in the U.S., or buy more of their parts and components in the U.S. Some companies say they could make those changes in order to avoid raising prices too much. Robert Sands, the CEO of Constellation Brands, said on a recent conference call that the company could purchase more natural gas from the United States, rather than Mexico, which it uses to make glass for the Corona and Modelo beer it imports. "It's those kinds of things that we are looking at, planning on, if this comes to pass," Sands said. "We don't expect consumer demand for our product to be affected." Woldenberg, though, whose company makes 98 percent of its products overseas, says shifting his manufacturing to the U.S. isn't an option. In the last three years, he said he tried twice to find some U.S. molders interested in making its products here, but it wasn't financially feasible. He also doesn't believe that changes in foreign exchange rates will offset the costs of the plan for retailers. And even if it did, he says relief wouldn't come right away. "I am not going to play the currency markets to run this business," he said. "I want to make toys. I am not a forex trader." ___ This story has been corrected to show that Congressman Kevin Brady represents Texas, not Missouri. AP This story has been automatically published from the Associated Press wire which uses US spellings Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Vintage machinery rolls out Machinery enthusiasts and families are invited to enjoy the sights and sounds of the… Hawke's Bay Today Fatal crash in Hastings Police have confirmed one person has died tonight in a fatal crash on Te Aute Rd in Havelock… Bay of Plenty Times Opinion: Election set to be tight The battle can begin now as Prime Minister Bill English has announced this year's general… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Kiwi up and comers enjoy opening Bathurst laps Driven talks to Simon Evans, Andrew Waite, and Dominic Storey following their first GT… Viva Best dressed celebrities of the week Alexa Chung, Karlie Kloss and more of the coolest looks True Commercial High profile Ellerslie development site A large and strategically-located development site, with resource consent in place for… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf05 at 03 Feb 2017 22:13:18 Processing Time: 712ms
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Retailer-Backed Coalition Launches Campaign Against Border Tax by Matthew Townsend @matt_townsend More stories by Matthew Townsend and Lindsey Rupp @lcrupp More stories by Lindsey Rupp February 1, 2017, 1:39 PM EST Groups aim to show how much legislation would cost consumers Tax proposal has created rift between importers and exporters A broad coalition of lobbyists for retailers like Wal-Mart Stores Inc., energy companies and the auto industry is launching a battle against a proposed U.S. tax on imports, aiming to sway both federal lawmakers and American consumers. The Retail Industry Leaders Association and more than 120 other trade groups are backing the campaign, called “Americans for Affordable Products,” which will center on how a border-adjusted tax could increase prices for consumers. Part of the message: that export-focused companies may get their federal taxes drastically cut, maybe even to zero. Behind the scenes, the campaign will rely in part on lobbying by industry executives. The fight is drawing battle lines across corporate America, with net importers on one side and exporters on the other. And there are billions of dollars at stake: The proposed overhaul of the corporate tax code, supported by House Speaker Paul Ryan, would reward companies that sell products outside the U.S. while punishing ones that rely on low-cost overseas suppliers. The idea is to put a levy on U.S. businesses’ domestic sales and imported goods, while exempting exports from their taxable income. “This corporate tax reform is supposed to help all companies, but this particular provision would make it much more regressive on industries like retail, oil and gas, and apparel,” said Caitlin Webber, a trade analyst for Bloomberg Intelligence. “It’s going to be an absolutely huge fight.” T-Shirt Tax? Supporters say the 20 percent border-adjusted tax would encourage domestic production. But opponents complain that it would just force companies to pass the increases to consumers -- potentially boosting prices for everything from food and clothing to gasoline and auto parts -- without spurring a revival of domestic manufacturing. “You’re a consumer: Are you ready to pay 20 to 25 percent more for everything you buy?” said Steve Lamar, executive vice president of the American Apparel & Footwear Association. “Because almost everything you buy is imported.” The message to consumers: If you’re used to paying $10 for a T-shirt, it’s going to be $12 or $13. Those $80 pair of sneakers? They’re suddenly going to be closer to $100. Since the proposed tax change is coming from the House of Representatives, garnering support from the Republican-controlled Senate and the White House will be key. President Donald Trump is warming to the idea after previously criticizing it, a senior administration official told Bloomberg News last week. The border-adjusted tax is key to the Republicans’ proposal because it would help pay for a reduction in the corporate income tax rate. Mainstream Impact Opponents say their goal is making the issue more mainstream by showing the effect on U.S. households. The thinking is that House Republicans have underestimated how this idea could resonate with the American public. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Retailers are already on edge after the Trump administration floated the idea of a 20 percent temporary tariff on Mexican imports to pay for a wall on the southern border. The potential changes also come at a time when apparel chains and other brick-and-mortar retailers are struggling: About 5,000 stores have been shuttered in the past 18 months, according to Clarion Partners. Department stores such as Sears Holdings Corp. and Macy’s Inc. have been particularly hard-hit by consumers shifting their spending online. The industry won a major victory in 2011 when it pushed through the passage of financial reform that cut the fees that retailers pay when a shopper uses a debit card. In that “swipe-fee” standoff, the companies defeated some of the world’s financial institutions, including JPMorgan Chase & Co. and payment networks such as Visa Inc. Talk of Town Now retailers are taking on giants like General Electric Co., Boeing Co. and Dow Chemical Co. in a showdown that may dwarf the swipe-fee feud. The issue has galvanized much of the industry. At last month’s National Retail Federation convention in New York, the border-adjusted tax dominated conversations. Andrew Burns, a retail analyst at DA Davidson & Co., said 90 percent of the companies he covers are focused on tax reform and trade right now. The big debate is whether the tax proposals are “rhetoric” or a real threat, he said. Last week, lobbyists for retail, car dealers, apparel and footwear companies had a briefing for congressional staffers, and about 130 showed up -- squeezing into a room that would normally fit 75 people. This battle could cause a schism among Republicans. A handful of them in the Senate, which the party controls 52-48, have already raised doubts, including Georgia Republican David Perdue and Mike Lee, a Republican from Utah, who said in an editorial in the Federalist magazine that it “could ravage huge swaths of our economy.” Democrats on the Senate finance committee have already hammered the proposal, saying in a December memo that it was “risky, untested and especially vulnerable to unforeseen consequences” like causing consumer prices to skyrocket. “People don’t want to pay more at the grocery store or the gas station,” Bloomberg Intelligence’s Webber said. “If they are able to make that case effectively, they could be successful.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Twitter Bursts Throw Decades-Old Alliances Into Chaos Who Will Pay for San Francisco's Tilting, Sinking Millennium Tower? America’s Top Prosecutor Defied Trump and Got Fired. Now She Gets Paid Trump Slams ‘Dumb Deal’ With Ally Australia After Testy Call Nordstrom Says It’s Cutting Ivanka Trump Brand Due to Poor Sales Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Subscribe Login Slight chance of snow / Tonight's low: 26° The Gazette 2014 Pulitzer Prize Winner News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Us Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip Freak Colorado Springs windstorm claims only life: a helpful giant injured clearing fence from road Colorado Springs City Council video squabble ends in favor of showing the video Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Popular Top Sports Stories Olympics David Ramsey Paul Klee Woody Paige Brent Briggeman Blog Joe Paisley Blog Paul Klee Blog Pro Teams Broncos Avalanche Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Nuggets College Teams Air Force Academy Colorado College UCCS Preps Coverage Preps Peak Performers Preps Game of the Week Air Force's Jalen Robinette invited to NFL Combine Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Brick-and-mortar banking lives in Colorado Springs Learn a foreign language - government acronyms - and make millions Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight Tourism group targets U.S. 'wasted vacations' with new initiative and big push Tuesday Think you're in great shape? Try these 'Pilates on steroids' classes in Colorado Springs Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Must See Must Do: Get your Haute Chocolate passport, jam out to reggae and stop and smell the flowers Last call to vote for the Gazette's Best of the Springs Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election 2016 Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Pikes Peak region forecast Boys' basketball: Lewis-Palmer vs. Vista Ridge Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Business Spotlight Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News News: Local News Air Force commits to five year plan to clear contaminated Widefield aquifer Thu, Feb 2, 2017 - 9:26 PM 0 An Air Force official revealed to the county commissioners on Thursday that the service has a five-year plan to mitigate water contamination that recently... Former Colorado College hockey great Jeff Sauer has died Thu, Feb 2, 2017 - 5:27 PM 0 The hockey world is mourning the loss of former Colorado College player, assistant and coach  and current U.S. men’s sled hockey national team coach Jeff Sauer, who died... Tributes pour in after the passing of former CC hockey player, coach Jeff Sauer News: Local News Colorado Springs City Council video squabble ends in favor of showing the video Thu, Feb 2, 2017 - 6:41 PM 0 Short videos on the Colorado Springs official website were designed to introduce residents to their council members, but one member's video disappeared last... Freak Colorado Springs windstorm claims only life: a helpful giant injured clearing fence from road Thu, Feb 2, 2017 - 7:35 PM 0 At 6-foot-4 and 225 pounds, Joseph Boyer was betting he wouldn't be lifted off his feet when he... Air Force's Jalen Robinette invited to NFL Combine Thu, Feb 2, 2017 - 7:38 PM 0 Jalen Robinette will have another opportunity to boost his stock, as the Air Force receiver has... Latest Local Bennet, Gardner propose fixes to public lands issues in Colorado By: Joey Bunch - 7 hr ago Pueblo police: Man arrested in three Colorado Springs killings took woman hostage in armed robbery By: Kaitlin Durbin - 9 hr ago $1 million Powerball ticket sold in Colorado Springs. Was it yours? By: Rachel Riley - 9 hr ago Lanes being shifted this weekend for water line work at Woodmen Road and Union Boulevard By: Ellie Mulder - 9 hr ago Colorado Springs prosecutor: Prostitute had a 'horrible, horrible, death' By: Lance Benzel - 9 hr ago Colorado Springs high school student still in critical condition after hit by car By: Kaitlin Durbin - 9 hr ago Learn a foreign language - government acronyms - and make millions By: Tom Roeder - 9 hr ago Top Stories Correction: Trump-China story By: The Associated Press 5 hr ago EDITORIAL: Magazine documents bad Colorado election law By: Gazette editorial board - 5 hr ago Gary Kubiak, ready to work again, already exploring return to game By: Nicki Jhabvala, The Denver Post - 5 hr ago 6 killed in Ukraine; Putin says Ukraine seeking US support By: The Associated Press 7 hr ago AP Sources: US readies sanctions on Iran after missile test By: VIVIAN SALAMA and MATTHEW LEE, Associated Press - 7 hr ago New KRDO radio anchor discusses new job and replacing the late Paul Richards By: Terry Terrones - 8 hr ago Colorado Springs homebuilding off to a fast start in 2017 By: Rich Laden - 9 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries Frosty, Foggy Morn in N. Cheyenne Canon National Letter of Intent Day Our favorite romantic movies for Valentine's Day A Look Back Touch-A-Truck Event Peak Performers 2016-17 Colorado Springs protesters denounce Trump order reviving Dakota Access pipeline CC shuts out North Dakota 3-0 Doherty 61, Liberty 53 Air Academy 37 - Discovery Canyon 34 AFA 3 Army 1 15 festivals coming to the Colorado Springs area in 2017 Fandemonium Liberty vs. Doherty girls basketball Doherty vs. Liberty girls basketball Sand Creek and Vista Ridge Boys Basketball Fandemonium Vista Ridge and Sand Creek Basketball Mary Tyler Moore through the years Fandemonium Sierra 65, Mesa Ridge 64 A Look Back National School Choice Week rally Colorado Springs Metro Wrestling Championships Colorado Springs Women's March Women's March fills downtown Denver Women's Marches descend on Washington, D.C. and around the world Inauguration of Donald Trump 9 best places for margaritas around Colorado Springs Sierra vs. TCA Boys Basketball Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local 3 hr ago Republicans attempt to cap contributions to Colorado retirement program, PERA 4 hr ago Mystery still surrounds remains found at Colorado ski resort 4 hr ago Weather advisory extended into Thursday night as road icing continues around Colorado Springs 4 hr ago Colorado Springs' Doug Lamborn introduces bill to strip federal funding for NPR, Corporation for Public Broadcasting 6 hr ago VIDEO: Annual Puppy Bowl in Colorado Springs promotes adoption 6 hr ago Truck driver injured after crashing into police vehicles in Fremont County 7 hr ago Woman shot while driving in possible road-rage attack in north Colorado Springs Most Read Weather advisory extended into Thursday night as road icing continues around Colorado Springs Woman shot while driving in possible road-rage attack in north Colorado Springs $1 million Powerball ticket sold in Colorado Springs. Was it yours? Colorado Springs ministry plans to demolish historic home in city Five die in separate northern Colorado crashes as winter weather hits state Police storm Delaware prison, end hostage standoff; guard found dead Former Colorado College hockey great Jeff Sauer has died Health care leads Colorado Springs' hot job market 3 billion-year-old 'lost continent' lurking under African island Freak Colorado Springs windstorm claims only life: a helpful giant injured clearing fence from road Sports 3 hr ago Thursday's prep roundup: Liberty tops Palmer in girls' hoops double-OT thriller 3 hr ago Doherty girls' hoops uses 10-0 run to rally vs. Pine Creek 3 hr ago Drop to 4A gives four area girls' swimming programs more state berths 5 hr ago Gary Kubiak, ready to work again, already exploring return to game 5 hr ago MMA notes: Sport of fighting 'saved' Doherty grad Dylan Stubblefield's life 7 hr ago Three with Klee: Tom Brady will be GOAT after Super Bowl 7 hr ago LIST: Colorado Springs-area high school athletes signing National Letters of Intent Business 6 min ago US jobs report to show if Trump era began with strong hiring 47 min ago South Korea's Samsung mulls building US appliance factory 53 min ago Weed 101: Colorado agriculture office shares pot know-how 1 hr ago Asian stocks sag after Wall Street ends little changed 2 hr ago City Council wants state review after boil-water advisory 4 hr ago Coal ash pits: Duke Energy tells neighbors to waive claims 4 hr ago Asian stocks mixed after Wall Street ends little changed Opinion 5 hr ago EDITORIAL: Magazine documents bad Colorado election law 11 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Repealing DACA program would be a costly tragedy 11 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Police Department refutes claims of racial profiling 11 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: American economic nationalism 11 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Council has stepped up and become a legislative body 11 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Action plan to repatriate overseas profits, create jobs 13 hr ago LETTERS: Licensing the undocumented in Colorado contradictory; questioning Trump's reducing of regulations Around the Web 4 hr ago Wall goes up around America at miniature world in Germany 5 hr ago A police officer rushed to save a suicidal woman from a river. She survived, but he did not. 11 hr ago Beyonce announces she's pregnant with twins on Instagram 11 hr ago AP Exclusive: Judy Garland's remains moved from New York 11 hr ago Oprah Winfrey to be 'special contributor' to '60 Minutes' 11 hr ago Mary Tyler Moore laid to rest in Connecticut 13 hr ago Airman in viral family Christmas photo returns home Latest Videos Pikes Peak region forecast World Hijab Day reinforces solidarity between faiths in Colorado Springs Raw: Protesters Set Fire, Berkeley Talk Canceled On the Go! with KKTV Lewis-Palmer girls' soccer coach Ryan Parsons addressing his players before they sign their NLIs Trump Leaves D.C. to Honor Fallen U.S. Navy Seal Guards Taken Hostage by Inmates at Del. Prison Must See Must Do Weekend List in Colorado Springs Trump Picks Neil Gorsuch For Supreme Court Pikes Peak region forecast Colorado Springs plarn project to help the homeless When the tough get going, they Lagree it in Colorado Springs Sports Latest Sports Doherty girls' hoops uses 10-0 run to rally vs. Pine Creek3 hr ago Thursday's prep roundup: Liberty tops Palmer in girls' hoops double-OT thriller3 hr ago Drop to 4A gives four area girls' swimming programs more state berths3 hr ago MMA notes: Sport of fighting 'saved' Doherty grad Dylan Stubblefield's life5 hr ago Broncos Gary Kubiak, ready to work again, already exploring return to game5 hr ago Three with Klee: Tom Brady will be GOAT after Super Bowl7 hr ago Ramsey blog: The most painful Bronco Super Bowl loss of them all11 hr ago Broncos fans avoiding ticket price increase for the first time since 2011Wed, Feb 1, 2017 Photo Galleries National Letter of Intent Day Peak Performers 2016-17 CC shuts out North Dakota 3-0 Doherty 61, Liberty 53 Air Academy 37 - Discovery Canyon 34 AFA 3 Army 1 Fandemonium Liberty vs. Doherty girls basketball Doherty vs. Liberty girls basketball Sand Creek and Vista Ridge Boys Basketball Fandemonium Vista Ridge and Sand Creek Basketball Fandemonium Sierra 65, Mesa Ridge 64 Colorado Springs Metro Wrestling Championships Sierra vs. TCA Boys Basketball Doherty 89 defeats Rampart 87 in OT Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: Magazine documents bad Colorado election law5 hr ago EDITORIAL: VA buffoonery proves government can't manage health careWed, Feb 1, 2017 EDITORIAL: Trump could not have made a better Supreme Court appointment than Colorado's Neil GorsuchWed, Feb 1, 2017 EDITORIAL: Trump's new order might achieve economic goalTue, Jan 31, 2017 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: Licensing the undocumented in Colorado contradictory; questioning Trump's reducing of regulations13 hr ago LETTERS: Emotionalism taking precedence; on the outside looking inWed, Feb 1, 2017 LETTERS: Putting lives at risk in traffic; eliminate the electorsTue, Jan 31, 2017 LETTERS: Colorado Springs' pivotal moment; Trump's decision justifiedMon, Jan 30, 2017 Columns GUEST COLUMN: Repealing DACA program would be a costly tragedy11 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Police Department refutes claims of racial profiling11 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: American economic nationalism11 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Council has stepped up and become a legislative body11 hr ago Local News Local News Republicans attempt to cap contributions to Colorado retirement program, PERA3 hr ago Mystery still surrounds remains found at Colorado ski resort4 hr ago Weather advisory extended into Thursday night as road icing continues around Colorado Springs4 hr ago Colorado Springs' Doug Lamborn introduces bill to strip federal funding for NPR, Corporation for Public Broadcasting4 hr ago Local and State Politics Republicans attempt to cap contributions to Colorado retirement program, PERA3 hr ago Colorado Springs' Doug Lamborn introduces bill to strip federal funding for NPR, Corporation for Public Broadcasting4 hr ago Bennet, Gardner propose fixes to public lands issues in Colorado7 hr ago Learn a foreign language - government acronyms - and make millions10 hr ago Local Business Learn a foreign language - government acronyms - and make millions10 hr ago Great Wolf Lodge in Colorado Springs: '... an asset for our tourism industry that was lacking'Tue, Jan 31, 2017 Second hotel and water park scrapped on Colorado Springs' north sideTue, Jan 31, 2017 Trump's immigration order sends Uber and Lyft into morality skirmishMon, Jan 30, 2017 More Top Reads Nation and World Honda profit jumps on cost cuts, absence of recall expenses15 min ago Transgender Nepali has her big moment on Indian catwalk37 min ago AP Explains: Why Australia-US refugee deal is contentious41 min ago South Korea's Samsung mulls building US appliance factory46 min ago Military Mosque raised concerns about suspect in Denver transit death6 hr ago VA watchdog says bureaucratic bungling bogged private care program12 hr ago Airman in viral family Christmas photo returns home13 hr ago Airman in viral family Christmas photo returns home15 hr ago Blogs New KRDO radio anchor discusses new job and replacing the late Paul Richards8 hr ago TV Review: 'Santa Clarita Diet' an unconventional - sometimes unsettling - romantic comedy9 hr ago Ramsey blog: The most painful Bronco Super Bowl loss of them all11 hr ago Colorado College plans Hobey Baker ring presentation for 2003 winner Peter Sejna16 hr ago Crime and Justice Local Crime Woman shot while driving in possible road-rage attack in north Colorado Springs7 hr ago Pueblo police: Man arrested in three Colorado Springs killings took woman hostage in armed robbery9 hr ago 10 pounds of meth, firearms seized in western Colorado; two arrested11 hr ago Colorado Springs sex offender accused of being a peeping Tom turns himself in11 hr ago National Crime Police storm Delaware prison, end hostage standoff; guard found dead11 hr ago Officials: Guards held hostage by inmates at Delaware prisonWed, Feb 1, 2017 Police say alleged Ohio burglar broke in, made himself at homeSun, Jan 29, 2017 A family suspected a caregiver was abusing an Alzheimer's patient, so they installed a camera.Sat, Jan 28, 2017 Life Life Does God give a holy hoot about the Super Bowl?9 hr ago Colorado Springs area religious events starting Feb. 5, 2017Thu, Feb 2, 2017 Last call to vote for the Gazette's Best of the Springs21 hr ago Save the Dates: 2017 Nonprofit Events UpdateWed, Feb 1, 2017 Arts and Entertainment New KRDO radio anchor discusses new job and replacing the late Paul Richards8 hr ago TV Review: 'Santa Clarita Diet' an unconventional - sometimes unsettling - romantic comedy9 hr ago The $400,000 way to do the Super Bowl9 hr ago Beyonce announces she's pregnant with twins on Instagram11 hr ago Religion Trump vows to let churches engage in politics7 hr ago The ‘Splainer: Does Trump’s ‘Muslim ban’ flout the law?9 hr ago In a new video, Pope Francis urges compassion for refugees, people on the margins9 hr ago Trump’s move to protect LGBT workers unsettles religious conservatives9 hr ago National National Politics Colorado Springs' Doug Lamborn introduces bill to strip federal funding for NPR, Corporation for Public Broadcasting4 hr ago Trump pledges to end political limits on churches7 hr ago AP Sources: US readies sanctions on Iran after missile test7 hr ago Trump vows to let churches engage in politics7 hr ago National Business Asian stocks sag after Wall Street ends little changed1 hr ago US jobs report to show if Trump era began with strong hiring8 min ago South Korea's Samsung mulls building US appliance factory49 min ago Weed 101: Colorado agriculture office shares pot know-how55 min ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2017 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Retailers, trade groups increase fight against tax proposal By Associated Press Published: 14:56 EST, 1 February 2017 | Updated: 14:56 EST, 1 February 2017 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — More than 100 retailers including Wal-Mart and Target as well as key trade associations are launching a new coalition aimed at fighting a Republican proposal on how imports get taxed, a measure they believe would harm their businesses. The National Retail Federation, along with the American International Automobile Dealers Association, the National Grocers Association and others are joining forces to form Americans for Affordable Products, which will run a campaign to educate consumers and show lawmakers that the so-called Border Adjusted Tax plan would lead to higher prices of as much as 20 percent on everyday items including clothing, food and even gas. The diversified group, which also includes such companies as Nike, Best Buy, luxury conglomerate LVMH and Dollar General, is trying to make their opposition heard even while Congress and the president try to sort out exactly what adjustments to put forth. Congressional Republicans want to eliminate tax incentives that encourage U.S. companies to move overseas, sharply cut the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent, and encourage more factory output at home. But opponents say the plan would have a harmful rippling effect, causing companies to even lay off workers. The proposal — spearheaded by House GOP Speaker Paul Ryan and Texas Rep. Kevin Brady, the top Republican on the House tax-writing committee — would constitute the most sweeping reforms to corporate taxes in at least three decades. In this Thursday, May 26, 2016, photo, a woman pushes her shopping cart as an employee pulls a long line of carts outside a Target store in Encinitas, Calif. More than 100 retailers, including Wal-Mart and Target as well as key trade associations, are launching a new coalition aimed at fighting a Republican proposal on how imports get taxed, which they believe would harm their businesses. (AP Photo/Lenny Ignelzi) Trump has dismissed the cornerstone of the House GOP plan as "too complicated" and has been touting a 35 percent levy on imports. Yet his spokesman appeared to put the tax back in play last week by proposing a 20 percent tax on goods from Mexico and "other countries we have a trade deficit with" to pay for a border wall. "There's a rush to get this done in Congress. We want to make sure our voices are heard," said David French, chief lobbyist for the National Retail Federation, which has been dispatching members to meet with different levels of the new administration as well as lawmakers. Details of the consumer campaign are still being worked out, according to a spokeswoman at the retail trade group. A lot is at stake. Nearly all such items that U.S. shoppers buy are either wholly or partly produced overseas as companies have sought the cheapest way to make goods. And with online competition and shoppers trained to find the best deals, U.S. retailers haven't had the power to raise prices on many goods for several years. "I'm losing sleep. I am scared out of my mind," said Rick Woldenberg, CEO of Learning Resources, which has signed on to the coalition. It is a family-owned company based in Vernon Hills, Illinois that makes educational toys and employs 150 people in the U.S. He estimates that under the GOP plan his federal tax rate would soar to 165 percent from 39.6 percent, he would have to raise prices by 10 percent to 15 percent to stay viable, and would have to lay off employees. Retail industry leaders "describe it as an existential threat," said Stephen Lamar, executive vice president at the American Apparel & Footwear Association, another member of the coalition. "When they crunch the numbers, it really affects things like solvency and profits." Lamar said companies would likely have to pass along higher prices to shoppers, who wouldn't tolerate it. Companies say they also would have to try to squeeze suppliers for more savings and fear they might even have to lay off workers or close stores. George Feldenkreis, CEO of Perry Ellis International, estimates that he would have to raise prices on his clothing anywhere from 20 percent to 25 percent if the border tax went into effect. Shirts currently range in price from $14.99 to $49.99. "People who are thinking about it don't know the consequences," Feldenkreis said. He added that the company would also have to lay off workers. "It's not just a retail implication," said Jack Kleinhenz, chief economist at the National Retail Federation. "We know it's going to impact Main Street in many ways. It could be autos, manufacturing." The proposal would essentially tax corporations based on where their products and services are consumed, rather than on their incomes. In that way, it is similar to a sales tax. House GOP supporters such as Ryan and Brady say that would eliminate the incentives for corporations to use complex schemes to shift their incomes to lower-tax jurisdictions. To ensure the tax is focused on U.S. sales only, it would exclude a company's export sales. But the cost of imported goods would be taxed. The tax could raise as much as $1.2 trillion in revenue over the next decade, which would help pay for the steep tax cuts included in the House GOP plan. Proponents say if the plan is enacted, the dollar will increase in value by as much as 25 percent, resulting in cheaper imports and offsetting the impact. But many economists and industry executives worry the dollar wouldn't adjust, or certainly not fast enough. And Lamar said a shirt label saying "Made in China," doesn't tell the whole story. Seventy percent of the value of the garment supports U.S jobs in areas like design and logistics, he said. Other groups also oppose the border-adjusted tax, including Americans for Prosperity, a conservative organization backed by billionaires Charles and David Koch, who typically donate generously to Republican campaigns. The tax would likely encourage companies to produce more in the U.S., or buy more of their parts and components in the U.S. Some companies say they could make those changes in order to avoid raising prices too much. Robert Sands, the CEO of Constellation Brands, said on a recent conference call that the company could purchase more natural gas from the United States, rather than Mexico, which it uses to make glass for the Corona and Modelo beer it imports. "It's those kinds of things that we are looking at, planning on, if this comes to pass," Sands said. "We don't expect consumer demand for our product to be affected." Woldenberg, though, whose company makes 98 percent of its products overseas, says shifting his manufacturing to the U.S. isn't an option. In the last three years, he said he tried twice to find some U.S. molders interested in making its products here, but it wasn't financially feasible. He also doesn't believe that changes in foreign exchange rates will offset the costs of the plan for retailers. And even if it did, he says relief wouldn't come right away. "I am not going to play the currency markets to run this business," he said. "I want to make toys. I am not a forex trader." ___ This story has been corrected to show that Congressman Kevin Brady represents Texas, not Missouri. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She is devastated': Kylie Minogue 'ends engagement to Joshua Sasse following suspicions about his relationship with an actress' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Worse for wear David Beckham gallantly holds car door for Poppy Delevingne as they party together on her husband's birthday  George and Amal Clooney step out for a romantic dinner in Spain amid pregnancy rumours Ocean's Eleven star, 55, took his wife on a date Emily Ratajkowski flaunts her incredible curves and enviable abs in boho floral bikini as she smoulders in stunning new beach shoot 'The cancer has gone, we are very happy': Michael Bublé's son Noah, three, 'is recovering' from liver cancer according to his aunt Guest biogs, drones photographing from above and banquet feasting: 2017's HOTTEST wedding trends SPONSORED PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Amber Rose showcases her famous buxom curves in orange bikini as she chills out in Honolulu Beach babe  That's a slippery slope! The Jump's Spencer Matthews 'caught up in love triangle with co-stars Vogue Williams and Jade Jones' On thin ice 'Miss this face every day': Wayne Rooney posts heartfelt Instagram tribute to Coleen's late sister Rosie on her birthday... five years after death Angelina Jolie shares teaser of Netflix passion project she directed based on Cambodian genocide memoir Her Netflix passion project  Janet Jackson, 50, joins newborn son Eissa as he gets a visit from grandma Katherine, aunt Rebbie and uncle Randy Family fun She's got some front! Braless Dakota Johnson stuns in VERY plunging dress at Fifty Shades Darker premiere Exquisite No supporting act! Rita Ora steals the show at Fifty Shades Darker premiere in revealing dress...after being mocked for cameo role Dubbed her big break Where's the rest of it? Singer Halsey risks wardrobe malfunction with VERY revealing dress at Fifty Shades Darker premiere Left her cleavage bare Keeping mum! Rosie Huntington-Whiteley continues to spark pregnancy rumours as she protectively covers her tummy in LA Covered up What a drag! Scott Disick shares a suspicious-looking cigarette on his hotel balcony with a female friend  Smokin' (hot) women Kim Kardashian puts on eye-popping display in sheer tank as she steps out with sister Kourtney for dinner in Costa Rica Turning heads Getting hearts pumping! Mariah Carey hits the gym in cleavage-baring lingerie and HEELS She also needed her fishnet stockings  'I've not had a bum enlargement!' Comedian Katherine Ryan reveals shocking photo of her bare bottom covered in bruises is a FAKE Cheeky Red hot! Ashley James sizzles in flesh-flaunting mini dress as she showcases her ample cleavage and toned pins out in London Scarlet siren 'THICK!': Kylie Jenner shows off voluptuous figure in her own brand's yellow tracksuit Looking to make big inroads in the apparel market Christine Bleakley reveals retired footballer husband Frank Lampard has been 'in talks' to embark on acting career in Hollywood Scott Disick cosies up to a gaggle of women during trip to Miami after he professes love for on-off girlfriend Kourtney Kardashian Ladies man Make-up free Charlotte McKinney ditches the glamour as she steps out in sweats for casual day of shopping in West Hollywood Casual yet chic  Priorities in order! Heidi Klum reveals her panties as she pulls trousers down to her knees for a quick sunbathing session She's a cheeky one David Beckham opts for sunglasses and a low-key ensemble as he jets out of LAX... hours after partying with Poppy Delevingne Good night Love Island's Olivia Buckland looks effortlessly chic in a white leather jacket as she cuddles up to fiancé Alex Bowen That's a Lottie leg! Model Moss flashes her toned pins in thigh-skimming skirt as she makes an entrance at friend's birthday party Kate's little sister  Solange Knowles performs at free Super Bowl concert in Houston... just one day after sister Beyonce revealed she's pregnant with twins Meghan Markle has 'virtually moved in' with Prince Harry reveal friends of the actress as the pair enjoy a dinner date in London  'To the next level' 'Stop reaching!' Kylie Jenner, 19, calls fans 'f***** idiots' for claiming she wanted to make her waxwork's skin color darker than it really is Lambasted fans Handsome model David Gandy cuts a dapper figure in a dark camel coat as he steps out for lavish cocktail party Looking dapper  After the dramatic bus crash, life in Walford was (unfortunately) back to 'normal' in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley Anti-climatic Great guns! Chris Hemsworth's MASSIVE bulging bicep once again takes centre stage as fan tries to get in a selfie with star Australian actor 'I love you too dude': Kristen Stewart hypes Saturday Night Live hosting debut with Leslie Jones In a series of promotional clips for the NBC comedy PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Home sweet home! Neighbours welcome the Obamas back to their $4.3 million new D.C. home after their luxury break Kim Kardashian shows some leg in thigh-high lace-up boots as she steps out in NYC after meeting with French authorities for a second day in a row Blonde bombshell! Kim Basinger is back and how... as she wows on the red carpet in low-cut black gown at premiere of Fifty Shades Darker A part in erotic trilogy Miley Cyrus' sister Noah wears sheer dress to Fifty Shades Darker premiere in Los Angeles Make Me (Cry) songstress decided to show off her own flair Ferne McCann flashes her abs in a crop top as she films herself having non-surgical liposuction on her stomach after bum lift Back at it  'Not sure if I have the same confidence': Coco Austin shares throwback pic from racy car calendar shoot The 37-year-old shared a racy throwback pic Juliette Lewis shows off her svelte frame in skinny jeans with a khaki coat and hat while catching flight at LAX The actress cut a casual figure in skintight denim Blue jean baby! Paris Jackson wears crop top and denims with frayed cuffs as she enjoys a concert night out in LA Spotted leaving James Arthur's LA concert  Keri Russell wears minimal makeup as she steps out in skinny jeans and ankle boots while on the move in New York city Natural beauty Bundled up beauty! Zoe Kravitz dons blue duster coat with trousers and a heavy navy scarf while holding hands with boyfriend Karl Glusman She doesn't look a day older! Elle Macpherson, 52, shares a sweet throwback bikini photo of herself at the beach with her two sons in 2005 She's ripped! Kourtney Kardashian wears torn jeans and biker jacket as she takes daughter Penelope to Beverly Hills gallery Just back from holiday America's Next Top Model judge Tyson Beckford pulls GUN on process server outside his Miami apartment  A look back at Minogue's ill-fated relationships including her failed 'engagement' to Olivier Martinez as she 'splits from fiancé Joshua Sasse' ' 'She always wanted kids and I never did': Dannii Minogue spoke about her sister Kylie's, 48, hopes for a baby earlier this year Ended engagement Beyonce the work of art: Queen Bey's pregnancy photo series echoes famous paintings featuring Venus and the Virgin Mary Lena Dunham sports aggressive pink eyeshadow as she teams up with Girls cast at premiere of final season Heavy make-up Can't make up your mind? Allison Williams wears trousers AND a dress at premiere of Girls final season That's how you make an entrance... and an exit Leslie Mann looks smitten with Judd Apatow at Girls premiere... after revealing argument with daughters over 'inappropriate' snaps Leggy display! Erin McNaught flaunts her trim pins and flashes white lace bra in a thigh-skimming denim frock as she enjoys a pamper session 'She's the vilest woman I've ever met in my life': CBB's Coleen Nolan rants about Kim Woodburn as Nicola McLean vows to 'never to see her again'  'Prep with my man': Ellen Pompeo brings newborn son Eli to work as she gets ready for directorial debut on Grey's Anatomy Behind the scenes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Georgia May Jagger and Grumpy Cat make it a date: Party team up for party in Germany to celebrate calendars  Is she fur real? Selma Blair wears red coat reminiscent of bath robe with animal hair trim around Los Angeles Looked like a very cosy cover up Part of the squad! Kelsea Ballerini says pal Taylor Swift taught her how to deal with fame as she covers Billboard magazine 'I'm really disappointed to be out!' Vogue Williams forced to QUIT The Jump just days before anticipated launch after suffering serious knee injury Babies, let's get in Formation! Beyonce 'set to perform at this year's Grammy Awards' after revealing she's pregnant with twins No slowing down That's quite the pregnancy album! Beyonce displays her baby bump in underwater video after announcing she's having twins Red hot! Emma Roberts shows off her new fiery colored hair as she leaves the salon in Hollywood Sporting freshly coloured tresses 'Call your senator': Amy Schumer continues anti-Trump activism by urging fans to oppose 'unqualified' Education Secretary pick Betsy DeVos 'I'm a sex goddess!' Teen Holly Willoughby, 18, grabs her assets as she makes saucy profession in sizzling throwback lingerie ad 'You have to bite the bullet': Kristen Stewart admits she is dreading her SNL hosting debut on Saturday Even if vampires don't make her flinch Khloe Kardashian helps Lauren lose 50 pounds and reconnect with her dead father on E! reality show Revenge Body With a celebrity trainer Making waves! Karlie Kloss sports curly locks and monochrome mini dress  during high fashion Vogue photo shoot at Sydney's Bondi Beach Lena Dunham admits she crossed 'boundaries of professionalism' as she reveals she once 'made out' with a Girls guest star  James Corden jokes about being the lowest paid late night talk show host on television... ahead of Grammys hosting gig But he's hit the big time... 'I've had some really bad hairstyles': Shane Warne reveals style disasters as ex-cricketer celebrates 10 years as an Advanced Hair Studio ambassador Borne this way! Lady Gaga gets police escort to NRG Stadium in Houston as she rehearses for Super Bowl Halftime Show  She's all fired up 'Yo I made it!' Rihanna steps out in biker chic ensemble... after celebrating Mariah Carey wearing her Fenty heels to the GYM Dressed in all black In bed with Hilary Duff! Star shows off her legs while wearing only panties and a T-shirt on Instagram A long way from being a self-conscious teen Is this the end of underwear? Why stars are forgoing bras and pants on the red carpet (and why they believe it makes them look more CLASSY) Victoria's Secret stars Jasmine Tookes, Martha Hunt and Taylor Hill bring the heat to Miami with sizzling bikini photo shoot Trio of Angels  Lily-Rose Depp goes on spending spree at Chanel in Beverly Hills... amid reports of dad Johnny's ongoing financial woes Karl Lagerfeld's muse Make-up free Julia Roberts, 49, looks bright as she goes shopping for interior decor with daughter Hazel in Malibu Had a stylish wintry get-up Just like mom! Rumer Willis stars in Gap campaign paying homage to mother Demi Moore and her 1990 ad Just like her famous mother Demi Kate Moss, 43, goes completely naked for W magazine as she joins Jennifer Lopez, Jessica Chastain, Taraji P Henson and Donatella Versace Quite the treat! Sara Gilbert has mother-son date with Rhodes at Jessica's Biel's pricey Au Fudge restaurant in Los Angeles Spoiling her little boy  A look at Shanina Shaik and fiancé DJ Ruckus' $100,000-a-month Miami rental property with incredible waterfront views and a heated swimming pool  Miranda gets her dream role in Annie: Actress in final negotiations to play Miss Hannigan when musical moves into the Piccadilly Theatre  'F*** you Price is Right!': Aaron Paul aims for game show redemption with the help of James Corden 17 years after walking away a loser A gloomy affair is saved by the belle: The Glass Menagerie is glum but Cherry Jones gives a fine turn, writes QUENTIN LETTS   SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Who silenced royal rebel Lady Amelia? Duke of Kent's granddaughter deletes her Instagram account  Upbeat Elbow go out on a limb: Little Fictions is a slow-burning blockbuster, writes ADRIAN THRILLS  JAN MOIR: Apple Tree Yard and a brutally real portrait of a wife in crisis  It caused controversy and divided opinion Coco Austin puts on a busty display as she steps out with baby Chanel... as Ice T proudly reveals his daughter has inherited his 'mean mug' Focused on family: Bethenny Frankel spends some quality time time with daughter Bryn after nasty drama with her ex Family first Making a dog's dinner of it! CBB's Jedward and Bianca Gascoigne try not to gag as they're forced to eat unsavoury 'mystery can' Not good enough to eat Tallia Storm flaunts her tanned and toned legs in a sequinned silver mini dress and chunky black ankle boots at fashion party Leggy lady Making them green with envy! Camilla dazzles in a velvet gown as she brings some glamour to the British Asian Trust dinner in London  'If there's anyone designed to deal with it, it's her': Meghan Markle's on-screen Suits fiancé Patrick J. Adams approves of her royal romance 'She's the love of my life': Scott Disick declares Kourtney Kardashian is the one in KUWTK trailer...before getting cuddly with beauties in Miami 'The shoot is not soft porn, it is actual fashion': Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm defends posing naked for Playboy Make-up free Cindy Crawford shows off her svelte figure in skintight jeans and plunging white top ahead of 51st birthday Fit at 50 Enjoying a bit too much Pillowtalk? Pop heartthrob Zayn Malik sports a serious case of bed head as he enjoys shopping trip in Beverly Hills Going solo! Taylor Swift releases filmed acoustic rehearsal of I Don't Wanna Live Forever... without singing partner Zayn When two become one 'I didn't want to play a crack addict': Naomie Harris reveals she initially turned down Moonlight because of 'negative portrayals of women' in film That's one way to go viral! Mariah Carey poses in racy lingerie as she streams Facebook Live video...and hits one million views in first hour Busty Preeya Kalidas flashes her legs in a glamorous baby blue gown with dramatic ruffles at British Asian Trust dinner Blue-tiful Master and Apprentice! Arnold Schwarzenegger lunches with Mickey Rourke... after hitting back at Trump over ratings  Celebrity yearbook photos including Jimmy Kimmel in a tacky prom shirt, Tina Fey clutching a rose and a baby-faced Amy Adams are brought to life for Super Bowl ad Keke Palmer reveals truce with Trey Songz after claims he filmed her without her consent as she puts on another fashion show in New York You're fired! Gloomy Ivanka is pictured leaving DC home after Nordstrom drops her fashion brand amid angry boycott by thousands of women 'I can't wait to share our journey': New mum Stephanie Davis dotes over baby son Caben-Albi in adorable video  Preparing to raise her newborn alone 'I have three hearts': Pregnant Beyoncé strips NAKED to show off her baby bump in intimate snaps after announcing she is expecting twins  'Having twins is the most incredible experience ever!' Mariah Carey congratulates pal Beyonce after baby news   'Targeting the weakest does not show strength,' Angelina Jolie pens op-ed for the New York Times about refugee policy  Scarlett Johansson flaunts her famous curves in nude-looking suit in a sneak peek of her new movie Ghost In The Shell ahead of trailer  Naked tummy! Gigi Hadid models crop top that exposes her belly button and adds leather jacket to help keep out chill in NYC Tum's the word 'You made a reputation by showing your knockers!' CBB's Kim Woodburn takes aim at 'vile little creature' Nicola McLean as she's branded 'scum' Wigged out! Oprah Winfrey looks virtually unrecognisable in crimped blonde hairpiece on Los Angeles set of A Wrinkle In Time EXCLUSIVE Tequila shots, karaoke and a VERY A-list crowd: Behind-the-scenes at Harry Styles' 23rd birthday bash with Adele and Cindy Crawford Forgotten something? Lisa Appleton struggles to contain her ample assets as she dons a pair of tiny bikini briefs in Spain She always turns heads EXCLUSIVE: Timbaland's divorce lawyer slaps a lien on the music producer's $5 million Miami mansion for unpaid bills Pricey The apple of his (Beady) Eye! Liam Gallagher's son Gene sports similar haircut and same distinctive eyebrows as rocker dad on shopping spree 'It's time for us to embrace': Matthew McConaughey says celebrities should accept Trump is president and 'be constructive' 'This performance is for everyone': Lady Gaga talks up 'athletic' halftime show at Super Bowl after dancing in her underwear backstage Bikini-clad Kim Zolciak calls her husband Kroy Biermann 'sexy' as she posts photo of him in a very tight Speedo during beach getaway Fun in the sun J.C. Penney defends Beyonce using her own lyrics after critics snidely suggest that her 'awkward' pregnancy photo was taken at the retailer's portrait studio Fans accuse Beyoncé of copying M.I.A.'s music video for her maternity shoot - just months after the Sri Lankan rapper said Bey stole her sound What controversy? Mel Gibson smiles as his upcoming police brutality film Dragged Across Concrete sparks a social media backlash 'I get paid quite well to not be biased!': Rylan Clark-Neal hits out at claims CBB BOTS is unfair to housemates... as he confirms he'll still host the spin-off show  Drew Barrymore wanted 'ultra-traditional' upbringing for her two daughters as she calls split from husband her 'worst nightmare'  Back to basics Jamie Dornan flaunts his muscular physique as he showcases impressive pommel horse trick on Conan O'Brien Impressive Looking extra pouty! Rumer Willis shows off bigger lips as she attends opening of new basement bar in New York Getting lippy Selena Gomez is nominated for Kids' Choice Award as her current beau The Weeknd goes up against ex Bieber in 2017 nominations Oops, she did it again! Britney Spears suffers an EPIC wardrobe malfunction as she exposes her bare breast during Las Vegas show Kanye West is reprimanded by CFDA for his 'bad behavior' after failing to liaise with NYFW organizers about his Yeezy Season Five show Kim Kardashian looks slimmer than ever as she flaunts her gym-honed figure in black bikini alongside sister Kourtney during family getaway in Costa Rica Nicki Minaj invests in huge security upgrade for mansion following brazen thieves steal $200K worth of property and trash her home  Taking no chances 'I started doing hard drugs at age 12': Khloe Kardashian listens as latest Revenge Body contestant reveals she turned to meth to get thin 'We need a security guard 24-7': Kim Kardashian amps up protection for family in KUWTK sneak peek following armed heist Harrowing news Jennifer Connelly opts for a low-key look in a navy coat and beanie as she enjoys a stroll with husband Paul Bettany in New York Feeling the chill Oscar-winning Leonardo DiCaprio gets his meat seasoned by viral meme sensation Salt Bae at the chef's Dubai steakhouse  Just a sprinkle  Feeling Ferry saucy! Geordie Shore's Chloe leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her ample assets and tiny waist in skimpy lingerie Ola Jordan and Heidi Montag look worse for wear as they twerk up a storm during wild night out with husbands James and Spencer Justin brings Bieber Fever to the Super Bowl with wacky dance moves as he honours the history of touchdown celebrations in new advert 'Things just didn't work out': Singer Ella Eyre 'amicably' ends her two-year relationship with Rixton drummer Lewi Morgan Sad news  Kim Kardashian relives horror of Paris jewel heist by testifying in New York after a judge flew to meet her to identify armed men who robbed her at gunpoint CBB's Bianca Gascoigne puts on an eye-popping display as she poses provocatively in lingerie for racy pre-show photo shoot EXCLUSIVE 'I love to mix it up!': Ellie Goulding reveals the secrets behind her stunning athletic shape She's a fitness enthusiast  Alesha Dixon dares to be different in sexy leather mesh dress with sheer skirt as she joins glam Amanda Holden at Britain's Got Talent auditions in Birmingham Victoria Beckham shows off slim figure in chic trousers and polo-neck for shopping trip ... but STILL keeps her favourite sunglasses on in drizzly London Don't let mum and dad see! Brooklyn Beckham tucks into HUGE baguette during London day out without health fanatic parents David and Victoria  'I've got my priorities really in order!': Rob Lowe laughs as Jimmy Kimmel ribs him over job ad for assistant who can turn on his jacuzzi and arrange massages 'I really fell in love': Iskra Lawrence posts lingerie selfie as she reveals she's learned to accept her curves while inspiring women to celebrate their bodies 'Everybody's looking': New Fifty Shades Darker trailer reveals glamorous Masquerade Ball sequence A new promo has debuted  'I'm more nervous on runways now' than when I was 21': Naomi Campbell, 46, admits she feels 'vulnerable' on the catwalk alongside younger models 'I'd love to be with Kate Middleton!': Drew Barrymore reveals she fancies the Duchess of Cambridge... as she jokes about being 'naughty in my forties' 'Breakouts have made me stay in my house all day': Ashley Benson opens up about her struggle with acne at the launch of a spot-reducing gel product Johnny Depp brands former business managers 'reprehensible' after details of his spendthrift $2million-a-month lifestyle emerge  McQueen Bey! Hollyoaks' pregnant matriarch Myra recreates THAT Beyonce baby pic... yet swaps designer lingerie for sports top and cardi Lottie Moss cuts a demure figure in lace-up jeans and fur coat as she hits the town for casual night out Certainly looked the part of a fashion model  It's Patsy TANsit! Actress overdoes the bronzer as she dons workout gear for energetic jog in the rain Not exactly tanning weather in London 'It left me bereft': Kris Marshall quits Death In Paradise after Caribbean filming separated him from his family... as fans mourn 'heartbreaking' news No dramas! Danielle Lloyd steps out in double denim after furiously denying Nicola McLean's claims she attended her wedding to Jamie O'Hara CBB's Nicola McLean flaunts her ample assets in racy lace lingerie as she poses for saucy pre-show shoot WAG and glamour model, 35 'It's a disaster!': Make-up free Dakota Johnson dons fur coat at LAX airport after revealing everything she says turns sexual Only the best for the Lord! Scott Disick stayed in $12,500 a night suite in Miami after fleeing Kardashian Costa Rican getaway 'I've never met a hater whose life I wish I had': Gabrielle Union bites back at mean girls as she flaunts her fabulous figure at 44 in Women's Health Trump requests prayers for Arnold Schwarzenegger and his Apprentice ratings... as his replacement suggest they switch jobs  'WAKE UP & JOIN THE RESISTANCE': Sarah Silverman calls for a military coup to overthrow President Trump Controversial statement Twinning! Cindy Crawford's son Presley Gerber steps out with girlfriend Lily - whose model good looks will fit right in Strictly's rumoured new head judge Gary Edwards suffers 'TV fail' when he continuously refers to Len Goodman as a 'matriarch' rather than a patriarch Imogen Thomas displays her curves in colourful swimwear at the launch of her new collection... as she reveals her relationship has lost its spark Gaz Beadle transforms into a naughty pensioner as he hits the gym and chats girls up in hilarious prank ahead of Spring Break with Grandad launch Just like Linda! Lusardi's daughter Lucy Kane shows an uncanny resemblance to her mum... as she 'blows judges away on The Voice End of an era! Designer Riccardo Tisci leaves Givenchy after 12 YEARS with the French fashion house - as rumors suggest he is heading to Versace Move over George! Adorable Prince of Bhutan proves himself a contender for world's cutest royal baby as he poses for his first birthday portrait Nick Gordon steps out on second anniversary of the day girlfriend Bobbi Kristina was tragically found unresponsive in bathtub 'I love having her around again': Brooke Vincent reveals she was instrumental in her on-screen sister Helen Flanagan's return to Coronation Street Drinking problems! Coronation Street viewers spot a major props blunder when Kate serves Toyah a glass of wine from an EMPTY bottle Who said acting was easy? Joanne Froggatt shelters from the rain as she braves freezing conditions while filming Liar in Kent Alice Eve oozes classic Hollywood glamour in a sophisticated all-black ensemble as she enjoys a low-key dinner in LA British beauty Gigi Hadid wears nothing but a tiny miniskirt as she goes braless for tasteful LOVE magazine shoot Stunning black and white snap  That's a butt rude! Rita Ora is cheeky in see-through gym pants ... as she steps out in LA after congratulating Beyonce on her pregnancy news What a view! Will pregnant Beyonce still perform at Coachella? Singer's April headline slot is uncertain after announcement she's expecting twins The adorable moment Prince Harry pranks an unimpressed school boy with the 'wrong shoulder' trick (and acts surprised when the joke's turned on him) Bella Thorne flaunts her taut tummy as she works up a sweat with her wild moves while leading a dance class Energetic night! Heidi Klum steals the spotlight in a quirky black Victoriana-style ensemble and heavy jewels as she shoots Germany's Next Top Model 'We do get a bit delirious': Rebel Wilson and Anna Kendrick share behind-the-scenes Pitch Perfect 3 video after filming for 15 hours Geordie Shore's Holly Hagan shows off her toned curves as she shares an eye-popping bikini shot from her holiday in Thailand 'I absolutely hate my natural look': Katie Price shares rare 'make-up free' selfie as she takes a break from her hair extensions Ed Sheeran fans hit out at touts after tickets to the British pop star's UK tour were being sold online for up to £1,000 just minutes after going on sale  Racy in red! Lucy Mecklenburgh shows off her stunningly slim figure in chic bikini as she posts yet ANOTHER swimsuit snap from Dubai trip 'Let me come in your changing room!' Trinny Woodall accidentally propositions Phillip Schofield live on This Morning leaving Holly Willoughby in hysterics What a bikini body! Justin Bieber's 'ex' Sahara Ray almost busts out of her skimpy swimwear in racy Instagram snap after THAT lingerie shot Lorraine Kelly can't contain her giggles as she recreates the famous pottery scene from the movie Ghost with Dr Hilary Jones as Patrick Swayze  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
OBITUARIES VIEW OBITUARIES PLACE AN OBITUARY Classifieds Autos Homes For Sale For Rent Jobs CELEBRATIONS VIEW CELEBRATIONS PLACE A CELEBRATION Place An Ad Self-Serve Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads Classifieds VIEW OBITUARIES PLACE AN OBITUARY Classifieds Autos For Sale For Rent Jobs VIEW CELEBRATIONS PLACE A CELEBRATION Self-Serve Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads Subscribe Manage Subscriptions Home News B.C. National World Opinion Blogs Letters Business Sports Entertainment Go! Life Islander Horoscope | Crossword Travel Homes Driving Magazines Flyers E-edition WEB EDITION SIGN-IN LATEST NEWS: Fire guts Oak Bay house; man escapes, dog saved $60,000 universal change room approved for Crystal Pool Victoria wants authority to impose taxes on vacant, derelict properties Horgan promises new targets to cut greenhouse gas emissions Heron Cove bridge for harbour pathway gets OK Lindsay Buziak murder: father holds annual walk to ensure she’s not forgotten Retailers, trade groups increase fight against tax proposal Anne D'Innocenzio And Christopher S. Rugaber / The Associated Press February 1, 2017 10:36 AM In this Thursday, May 26, 2016, photo, a woman pushes her shopping cart as an employee pulls a long line of carts outside a Target store in Encinitas, Calif. More than 100 retailers, including Wal-Mart and Target as well as key trade associations, are launching a new coalition aimed at fighting a Republican proposal on how imports get taxed, which they believe would harm their businesses. (AP Photo/Lenny Ignelzi) Previous Next In this Thursday, May 26, 2016, photo, a woman pushes her shopping cart as an employee pulls a long line of carts outside a Target store in Encinitas, Calif. More than 100 retailers, including Wal-Mart and Target as well as key trade associations, are launching a new coalition aimed at fighting a Republican proposal on how imports get taxed, which they believe would harm their businesses. (AP Photo/Lenny Ignelzi) NEW YORK, N.Y. - More than 100 retailers including Wal-Mart and Target as well as key trade associations are launching a new coalition aimed at fighting a Republican proposal on how imports get taxed, a measure they believe would harm their businesses. The National Retail Federation, along with the American International Automobile Dealers Association, the National Grocers Association and others are joining forces to form Americans for Affordable Products, which will run a campaign to educate consumers and show lawmakers that the so-called Border Adjusted Tax plan would lead to higher prices of as much as 20 per cent on everyday items including clothing, food and even gas. The diversified group, which also includes such companies as Nike, Best Buy, luxury conglomerate LVMH and Dollar General, is trying to make their opposition heard even while Congress and the president try to sort out exactly what adjustments to put forth. Congressional Republicans want to eliminate tax incentives that encourage U.S. companies to move overseas, sharply cut the corporate tax rate to 20 per cent from 35 per cent, and encourage more factory output at home. But opponents say the plan would have a harmful rippling effect, causing companies to even lay off workers. The proposal — spearheaded by House GOP Speaker Paul Ryan and Texas Rep. Kevin Brady, the top Republican on the House tax-writing committee — would constitute the most sweeping reforms to corporate taxes in at least three decades. Trump has dismissed the cornerstone of the House GOP plan as "too complicated" and has been touting a 35 per cent levy on imports. Yet his spokesman appeared to put the tax back in play last week by proposing a 20 per cent tax on goods from Mexico and "other countries we have a trade deficit with" to pay for a border wall. "There's a rush to get this done in Congress. We want to make sure our voices are heard," said David French, chief lobbyist for the National Retail Federation, which has been dispatching members to meet with different levels of the new administration as well as lawmakers. Details of the consumer campaign are still being worked out, according to a spokeswoman at the retail trade group. A lot is at stake. Nearly all such items that U.S. shoppers buy are either wholly or partly produced overseas as companies have sought the cheapest way to make goods. And with online competition and shoppers trained to find the best deals, U.S. retailers haven't had the power to raise prices on many goods for several years. "I'm losing sleep. I am scared out of my mind," said Rick Woldenberg, CEO of Learning Resources, which has signed on to the coalition. It is a family-owned company based in Vernon Hills, Illinois that makes educational toys and employs 150 people in the U.S. He estimates that under the GOP plan his federal tax rate would soar to 165 per cent from 39.6 per cent, he would have to raise prices by 10 per cent to 15 per cent to stay viable, and would have to lay off employees. Retail industry leaders "describe it as an existential threat," said Stephen Lamar, executive vice-president at the American Apparel & Footwear Association, another member of the coalition. "When they crunch the numbers, it really affects things like solvency and profits." Lamar said companies would likely have to pass along higher prices to shoppers, who wouldn't tolerate it. Companies say they also would have to try to squeeze suppliers for more savings and fear they might even have to lay off workers or close stores. George Feldenkreis, CEO of Perry Ellis International, estimates that he would have to raise prices on his clothing anywhere from 20 per cent to 25 per cent if the border tax went into effect. Shirts currently range in price from $14.99 to $49.99. "People who are thinking about it don't know the consequences," Feldenkreis said. He added that the company would also have to lay off workers. "It's not just a retail implication," said Jack Kleinhenz, chief economist at the National Retail Federation. "We know it's going to impact Main Street in many ways. It could be autos, manufacturing." The proposal would essentially tax corporations based on where their products and services are consumed, rather than on their incomes. In that way, it is similar to a sales tax. House GOP supporters such as Ryan and Brady say that would eliminate the incentives for corporations to use complex schemes to shift their incomes to lower-tax jurisdictions. To ensure the tax is focused on U.S. sales only, it would exclude a company's export sales. But the cost of imported goods would be taxed. The tax could raise as much as $1.2 trillion in revenue over the next decade, which would help pay for the steep tax cuts included in the House GOP plan. Proponents say if the plan is enacted, the dollar will increase in value by as much as 25 per cent, resulting in cheaper imports and offsetting the impact. But many economists and industry executives worry the dollar wouldn't adjust, or certainly not fast enough. And Lamar said a shirt label saying "Made in China," doesn't tell the whole story. Seventy per cent of the value of the garment supports U.S jobs in areas like design and logistics, he said. Other groups also oppose the border-adjusted tax, including Americans for Prosperity, a conservative organization backed by billionaires Charles and David Koch, who typically donate generously to Republican campaigns. The tax would likely encourage companies to produce more in the U.S., or buy more of their parts and components in the U.S. Some companies say they could make those changes in order to avoid raising prices too much. Robert Sands, the CEO of Constellation Brands, said on a recent conference call that the company could purchase more natural gas from the United States, rather than Mexico, which it uses to make glass for the Corona and Modelo beer it imports. "It's those kinds of things that we are looking at, planning on, if this comes to pass," Sands said. "We don't expect consumer demand for our product to be affected." Woldenberg, though, whose company makes 98 per cent of its products overseas, says shifting his manufacturing to the U.S. isn't an option. In the last three years, he said he tried twice to find some U.S. moulders interested in making its products here, but it wasn't financially feasible. He also doesn't believe that changes in foreign exchange rates will offset the costs of the plan for retailers. And even if it did, he says relief wouldn't come right away. "I am not going to play the currency markets to run this business," he said. "I want to make toys. I am not a forex trader." ___ This story has been corrected to show that Congressman Kevin Brady represents Texas, not Missouri. © Copyright Times Colonist Email to a Friend Your Email Address: * Your Name: * To Email Address: * Message: * * Please separate multiple email addresses with the semi-colon character. Close next Fire guts Oak Bay house; man escapes, dog saved › next Pumped for Dublin! Click for contest rules Capital Home Winter 2016 The Luxury Edition Your Museum at 130 Royal B.C. Museum celebrates a birthday On the Front Lines of Fentanyl Inside the drug-overdose crisis Most Popular Top News Top Business Top Sports Officer might be charged in connection with crash that killed Sarah Beckett Fire guts Oak Bay house; man escapes, dog saved Fake-name man who worked as Victoria nurse pleads guilty in child-porn case Lindsay Buziak murder: father holds annual walk to ensure she’s not forgotten One person dead after workplace accident in Parksville Victoria police surround house in hunt for domestic-violence suspect NewLeaf erases its flights from YYJ summer schedule Duvernay-Tardif follows in Darche's footsteps as future doctor playing football Canada advances to Sydney Sevens quarters with wins over Papua New Guinea, France Victoria man killed in attack in Norway NewLeaf erases its flights from YYJ summer schedule For-sale inventory at record low, region’s home prices rise 21% Demand for bigger taxi vehicles launches city’s new cab company Downtown developer plans 21-storey towers After 56 years, last call at Tally Ho Film industry in Greater Victoria on hunt for workers Duvernay-Tardif follows in Darche's footsteps as future doctor playing football Vancouver online shoe-seller declares bankruptcy Six stories in the news today, Dec. 8 Canada advances to Sydney Sevens quarters with wins over Papua New Guinea, France Victoria Royals are not alone in attendance woes Young Argentina up first for Canada at Americas Rugby Championship Canada advances to Sydney Sevens quarters with wins over Papua New Guinea, France UK envoy who quit top EU post resigns from civil service Six stories in the news today, Dec. 8 Duvernay-Tardif follows in Darche's footsteps as future doctor playing football Goodale assails O'Leary for posting gun range video on day of mosque funeral No Bull: Belmont lineman ready for NCAA career at Fresno State Islanders enter Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame Read ends drought, lifts Flyers to 3-1 win over Canadiens Your timescolonist.com More News Iconic Motoring Click here for the first issue Spiritually Speaking  Standing together on our shared journey strengthens community Making a positive difference by acting together The power of rituals to mark important moments in our lives Don’t Miss ›› daily ›› Your daily horoscope ›› Today’s obituaries ›› Daily crossword online ›› E-edition of today’s newspaper ›› Sign up for the free newsletter Times Colonist on Twitter Times Colonist on Twitter Community Event Calendar Find out what's happening in your community and submit your own local events. Add an event See all community events GET THE TIMES COLONIST DAILY NEWSLETTER Get the day's top Times Colonist headlines emailed to you every day at 9 a.m. GET A JOB DELIVERING TC FLYERS The Times Colonist is looking for people to deliver flyers every Thursday ... News And Tools Life News Obituaries Newspaper Ads Job Listings Car Listings Properties For Sale Place An Ad Infomart Other myLOCALFLYERS.ca About Us Subscribe Victoria Early Years Contact Us Advertise With Us Terms and Conditions Sponsorship Information Connect Back to top Glacier Community Media © Copyright 2013-2017 TC Publication Limited Partnership. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sponsored content is content which is paid for and has been written by or on behalf of an advertiser. For more information on sponsored content, contact us at tshoults@glaciermedia.ca.
   April 3, 2016 Go Deeper Bios Obits Hall of Fame News/Rumors WrestleMania 32 WrestleMania 32 Photos Movies Photo Galleries Video Story Archive Features Columnists Editorials Cartoon Reviews PPV Reviews CAC PWHF Tragos/Thesz HOF Chris Benoit double  murder/suicide Glossary Chats, Q&As About Us News & Rumours Bios Obits Canadian Hall of Fame WrestleMania 32 WrestleMania 32 photos Movie Database Minority Mat Report Columnists Features Results Archive PPV Reviews SLAM! Wrestling store On Facebook On Twitter Send Feedback Male Wrestlers Abyss Dean Ambrose Kurt Angle Curtis Axel Finn Balor Bad News Barrett Big E The Big Show The Briscoes Daniel Bryan John Cena Cesaro Adam Cole Alberto Del Rio Christopher Daniels Drew Galloway Jeff Hardy Matt Hardy Curt Hawkins Mark Henry Jeff Jarrett Chris Jericho Kane Tyson Kidd Kofi Kingston Brock Lesnar Jay Lethal Magnus The Miz Rey Mysterio Randy Orton Kevin Owens Roman Reigns Cody Rhodes Seth Rollins Robert Roode R-Truth Ryback Samoa Joe Damien Sandow Sheamus Harry Smith James Storm A.J. Styles Jack Swagger Undertaker Jey Uso Bray Wyatt Eric Young Sami Zayn Dolph Ziggler More Bios Women Wrestlers Aksana Melissa Anderson Sasha Banks Alexa Bliss Charlotte Alicia Fox Santana Garrett Christy Hemme Mickie James Gail Kim Layla AJ Lee Angelina Love Becky Lynch Rosa Mendes Natalya O.D.B. Beth Phoenix Velvet Sky So Cal Val Tara/Victoria More Bios Reviews Books DVDs CDs, Games Movies Videos Video Games Photo Galleries Royal Rumble NXT TakeOver: San Antonio WrestleMania 34 announcement WWE Smackdown & 205 in Chicago WWE Roadblock Raw in Philadelphia ROH Final Battle WrestleManias WM 32 WM 31 WM 30 WM 29 WM 28 WM 27 WM 26 WM 25 WM 24 WM 23 WM 22 WM 21 WM 20 WM 19 WM 18 WM 17 WM 16 WM 15 WM 14 WM 13 WM 12 WM 11 WM 10 WM 9 WM 8 WM 7 WM 6 WM 5 WM 4 WM 3 WM 2 WM 1 Sport Index Hockey Jr. Hockey Wrestling MLB NBA CFL NFL Van. 2010 Fighting Soccer Golf Tennis Motorsports Lacrosse Curling Skiing Figure Skating Other Sports Big Events Photo Gallery Hockey Gallery The Casino Rama  Grill Room SCOREBOARD PHOTO GALLERY VIDEO GALLERY RECENT PHOTO GALLERIES: Royal Rumble | NXT TakeOver: San Antonio WrestleMania 34 announcement | Smackdown in Chicago WWE Roadblock | Raw in Philadelphia | ROH Final Battle THE SCOOP: Visit our News & Rumours page. Michigan indy wrestler murdered By GREG OLIVER - Producer, SLAM! Wrestling Tweet Joe Carson heads to the ring. Photo by Leonard Brand Michigan indy pro wrestler J.J. Carson was killed last week in a drug-related double homicide. Joseph Michael Carson (31), was found dead with another man in a car in a Wal-Mart parking lot near Owosso, MI, last Friday evening. Two Grand Rapids brothers have been arrested for killing the Flint men. WLNS 6 News reported the victims travelled to the parking lot to sell marijuana, a transaction stemming from a posting on Craigslist, but were fatally shot and robbed instead. A "GoFundMe" memorial fund claims the meeting had been intended to be a medical marijuana transfer from one patient to another. Carson was trained to wrestle by Truth Martini, who most recently was a manager in Ring of Honor. But his mentor and father-figure in the business was Rude Boy Rudy Hill, a veteran of the hardcore wrestling wars who only just retired last year. An emotional Hill spoke on the phone about Carson's death. "He was more than a friend. He was like a son to me. It was pretty devastating," said Hill. "When I got the news of this, it broke me into a million pieces." Hill met Carson not long after the youngster started wrestling, around 2006 in the Detroit-area promotion XICW. "I'll never forget our first conversation. He came up and was like, 'Man, I'm such a big fan Rude Boy,'" recalled Hill. "Then he started telling me, 'Man, I loved when you wrestled Abdullah the Butcher and I loved when you wrestled Terry Funk,' and he started telling me some of the other things that I've done." The two struck up a friendship and when Hill teamed with Chuck Wagon to start running their own wrestling promotion, Carson was brought in. "He was one of the first people that I reached out to," said Hill. "He came along for the ride. I'll tell you, he was one of those kids, and I'm not just saying this because he's gone ... he was a kid that had a lot of respect for the business, had a lot of respect for kayfabe, and who really respected the history of wrestling, the guys that paved the way. He was one of those guys that wouldn't allow the veterans to even carry their own bags into the buildings. He was very respectable." The respect extended to others, said photographer Leonard Brand. "JJ was always polite to me and was always willing to do photos," said Brand. "He was soft spoken most of the time but was taught respect for the business and always was eager to learn something new. The last few years he didn't wrestle much and his passion was MMA fights." Carson was welcomed into the Hill household like another son. One time, Hill was surprised to run into Carson at a boxing event where his actual son, Carlito was competing. "He was an accomplished boxer," said Hill. "He had a passion to just be involved in combat sports. He started doing the MMA thing." Not being a fan of MMA, and imagining the difficulty of seeing someone he cared about getting beaten up, Hill never saw Carson compete in the cage after he turned pro in 2014. Competing as a middleweight, Carson fought as The Irish Bad Boy, and produced an 0-3 professional record. "I knew he could hold his own, I knew what he could do physically as a man," explained Hill, launching into another story where the wrestlers were in a bar in Bay City, Mich., after a show. A guy at the bar was giving Carson the gears. "The guy was being belligerent and yelling in his face," recalled Hill. Carson told the aggressive patron to sit down. "The guy, he was much bigger too, and I watched him drop this guy with a right hook so quick. And he stood over the guy and [Joe] said, 'Now, I asked you to sit down.'" Around Detroit, he was "Always Business" J.J. Carson, coming to the ring with BTO's "Takin' Care of Business." He also used J.J. Castillo on occasion. In International Big Time Wrestling, Carson was one of the most hated heels. "He knew how to draw heat, man. That was one of the cool things about JJ," said Hill, explaining that Carson just didn't have "it" to make it out of the Michigan indy scene. "He was really heartbroken that he couldn't go as far as he wanted to in wrestling. He was a great talent. He was a good worker, he wasn't great. He was good. He was good. But he had so many other passions." Hill said that Carson could work any style, and was more than willing to don a mask -- usually as the Masked Russian -- to help fill out the card. "One of the things about JJ is he could work a match any way that I needed to work, or another guy needed to work," said Hill. "When he worked with me, he would do the hardcore style. But he was trained to do it all. I mean, when we had him against Shark Boy, those guys went a half hour of just solid, bump, bump, highspots. He could do it all." JJ Carson gets the better of Rude Boy. Photo by Leonard Brand All told, Hill figures that Rude Boy and JJ Carson competed 17 times in the ring, from 2007 until two years ago. "Our last match was in 2015 in Saginaw. He had been away from wrestling for a while and he showed up. It was great too, because my opponent didn't show up," recalled Hill. "So he was like, 'Hey man, do you need somebody?' I said, 'Absolutely.' So we went out there and the match was the holy hell shits, it was terrible. It was terrible, he was rusty, so some of his potatoes were a little bit too hard, him being out of that MMA cage." Hill, a veteran of the wildly violent shows produced by the Insane Clown Posse, isn't blind to issues that many face in pro wrestling. Carson was no different. "He was also a kid that had demons too," said Hill, though he never saw Carson take any drugs. "He was a guy when he partied he partied hard." With the funeral on Thursday, Hill is dreading saying goodbye to a friend, especially one who died under such a violent, unexpected fashion on Friday, January 27. "In the circumstances of his death, little things are coming out here and there, pieces of it," said Hill. "I don't find it to be not true that he had this medical marijuana card and he was trying to raise money. He had two young children. He was a guy who had been in between jobs off and on forever. He never could just keep that 9-to-5 job, it wasn't in his heart. He wanted to leave his mark in combat sports of some kind." Carson leaves behind a wife and two young daughters. Hill is already planning a fundraising wrestling event in early April with all proceeds going to Carson's children. It's the least he can do. Choking back the emotion, Hill recalled Carson calling him after Joe's father died in January 2016, and tell Hill that he was actually blessed to have two fathers -- his own and Rude Boy. Funeral services will be held 1 p.m. Thursday, February 2, at Sharp Funeral Home & Cremation Center, 6063 Fenton Rd., Flint, MI. -- with files from Richard Kamchen RELATED LINKS Previous SLAM! Wrestling obituaries Greg Oliver is the Producer of SLAM! Wrestling. He can be emailed at goliver845@gmail.com, and you can follow him on Twitter @gregmep. WHAT'S HOT - DVDs Diva Diaries with LuFisto Developmentally Speaking with Brian Myers YouShoot - Alberto El Patron Golden Age of Quebec Wrestling Vol. 3 WHAT'S HOT - MERCH Rey Mysterio Autographed Mask TNA Impact Replica World Title Belt Hardy Boys 18x24 Autographed Print
US Marshals arrest murder suspect at Wilmington Walmart - WSFX - FOX Wilmington, NC Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Carolina in the Morning Maps and Forecasts Hurricane season 2016 Interactive Radar LIVE: Frying Pan Tower Cameras Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases THIS TV Paternity Court Paternity Court Facebook Closed Captioning Concerns FCC Public File EEO Public File Report (WSFX) Closed Captioning Concerns Digital Sales Grow Your Business Descriptive Audio Instructions US Marshals arrest murder suspect at Wilmington Walmart 2017-02-01T03:56:53Z2017-02-01T20:02:42Z By: Frances Weller, Anchor BioEmail Connect Biography fweller@wect.com By: Jon Evans, Anchor BioEmail Connect Biography jonevans@wect.com By: WECT Staff Email Connect newsroom@wect.com Charles Grant Wilson. (Source: Columbus Co. Sheriff's Office) Bonnie Suzanne Hewett (Source: PCSO) WILMINGTON, NC (WECT) - US Marshals arrested a man wanted for murder in Columbus County at a Wilmington Walmart Tuesday night. According to a spokesperson with the US Marshals, Charles Grant Wilson, 43, of Shallotte, was arrested around 9 p.m. at the Walmart off Market Street. Bonnie Suzanne Hewett, 37, of Rocky Point, was also taken into custody. Wilson is accused of killing Marion A. Shaw, 65, of Riegelwood. Deputies found Shaw's body inside a home in the 22000 block of Andrew Jackson Highway East in Bolton on Jan. 30. Officials said he suffered a gunshot wound to his upper body  Wilson was booked in the Columbus County Detention Center early Wednesday morning and given no bond for the murder charge. Wilson and Hewett were also wanted by the Pender County Sheriff's Office for breaking into three homes in Watha, Currie, and Rocky Point in January. They face several charges, including breaking and entering, larceny, possession of stolen property, and possession of a firearm by a felon for those incidents. Hewett was booked in the Pender County Jail under a $100,000 bond. The Columbus County Sheriff's Office, the New Hanover County Sheriff's Office, NC Department of Public Safety and the SBI assisted in the arrests. Copyright 2017 WECT. All rights reserved. All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices. FCC Public File Email: publicfile@wsfx.com Phone: 910-343-8826 EEO Report Closed Captioning
Home White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Calendar About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here Channels Featured Products White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Channels Customer Experience Digital Experience DAM Digital Workplace SharePoint & Office 365 Web CMS Mobile Document Mgt Google Bites Into Apple in Global Top Brand Rankings By Noreen Seebacher | Feb 1, 2017 CHANNEL: Digital Marketing Google is biting into Apple's luster as the company struggles to retain its brand evangelists. PHOTO: Tracy Lundgren Google has displaced Apple as the world's most valuable brand to retake a spot it last occupied in 2011. Amazon, AT&T, Microsoft, Samsung Group, Verizon, Walmart, Facebook and the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC) also rank among the Top 10 brands on the planet. That's the word from London-based Brand Finance, an independent branded business valuation consultancy. Google Up, Apple Down Google’s brand value rose by 24 percent last year (from $88.2 billion to $109.4 billion) while Apple’s brand value declined nearly 27 percent (from $145.9 billion to $107.1 billion), according to the latest Brand Finance Global 500 report. Brand Finance first evaluates brands to determine their power/strength (based on factors such as marketing investment, familiarity, loyalty, staff satisfaction and corporate reputation). Brand strength is used to determine what proportion of a business’s revenue is contributed by the brand, which is projected into perpetuity to determine the brand’s value. The results of this analysis are ranked, with the world’s 500 most valuable brands featured in the Brand Finance Global 500. PHOTO: Brand Finance Google did well in this year's analysis, even though analysts noted its brand architecture is "somewhat more complicated than Apple’s" and further acknowledged it is attracting growing scrutiny over personal privacy issues and its "potential monopolistic behavior." "Google remains largely unchallenged in its core search business, which is the mainstay of its advertising income. Ad revenues were up 20 percent in 2016, despite a fall in cost per click, as ad budgets are increasingly directed online," the report stated. The Google name is so strong that it drives reputation by association: "Multiple brands have been created or acquired that are merely ‘endorsed’ by the Google brand such as Android and Chrome. There are also brands that merely sit within the Google stable, such as YouTube, which has retained its brand long after acquisition." Apple Fans 'Losing Faith' But analysts took a big bite out of Apple's meticulously constructed image. "Apple was once a paragon of branding excellence," Brand Finance CEO David Haigh noted in the report. But he warned Apple’s evangelists are beginning to lose their faith, as "snaking queues of early adopters have shrunk almost to the point of invisibility." They said Apple has failed to maintain its technological advantage while repeatedly disillusioning its advocates with tweaks rather than innovation in the form of material changes. "Put simply, Apple has over-exploited the goodwill of its customers, it has failed to generate significant revenues from newer products such as the Apple Watch and cannot demonstrate that genuinely innovative technologies desired by consumers are in the pipeline," the report noted. PHOTO: Brand Finance Haigh said Brand Finance bridges the gap between the marketing and finance. "We understand the importance of design, advertising and marketing, but we also believe that the ultimate and overriding purpose of brands is to make money," he said. Based on a recent share price study, Brand Finance’s concludes it pays to invest in companies with strong brands. It found the most highly branded companies have a return almost double that of the average for the S&P 500 as a whole. 20 Tech/IT Services Companies There are 20 technology/IT services company among the 100 top rated companies in this year's Brand Finance Global 500 report. Interested to know who they are? Take a look. PHOTO: Brand Finance 0 Comments Top Articles Related Articles Recent Comments Why 2017 Is the Year of Cloud-First Headless CMS MailChimp Integrates Facebook Ads With Email Marketing OpenText 'Fully Committed' to Documentum, Other Dell EMC ECD Products Microsoft Teams and Yammer: Why the Two Are Fundamentally Different 'The CMS Industry Is a Mess,' Marketer Christopher Justice Says The Magic of Customer Data: How It Can Transform Your Business Google AdWords Adds Phone Numbers to Mobile Search Ads For Dynamic B2B Marketing, Break Out of the White Paper Rut MailChimp Integrates Facebook Ads With Email Marketing Upshot, Influitive's New Tool, Connects B2B Sales, Marketers to Brand Advocates Useful Article? Email this Article Stumble This Follow @CMSWire Tags apple, brand finance, branding, customer experience, cxm, digital marketing, google   Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Resources CMSWire's DX Summit Content Marketing Document Management Software Selecting a Web CMS SharePoint Migration Tools List Sitecore Consultant View All Events Add Your Event Events RSS Featured Events Feb 2 [Igloo Webinar] 5 Tips for Engaging the Empowered Employee Feb 2 [CMSWire Webinar] The Future of Digital Experience Platforms Feb 2 [Forrester and Lytics Webinar] The Secrets to Marketing Personalization Feb 21 Container World Santa Clara 2017 Feb 22 [Earley Executive Roundtable] The Evolving Role of the Chief Data Officer Mar 2 [CMSWire Webinar] The New Rules of Employee Engagement Jun 19 Digital Workplace Experience Chicago 2017 About Us CMSWire is a popular web magazine published by Simpler Media Group. We provide news, advice and analysis for professionals driving digital customer experience strategy, evolving the digital workplace and creating intelligent information management practices. The CMSWire team produces 500+ authoritative articles per quarter for a community of over 750,000 market influencers. Read more about us or learn how to advertise here. We also have a Reader Advisory Board. More: Monthly Editorial Calendar Article Submission Guidelines DX Summit Conference Advertiser Media Kit Stay In the Loop Get Our Newsletter Most Popular Articles Why 2017 Is the Year of Cloud-First Headless CMS view comments MailChimp Integrates Facebook Ads With Email Marketing view comments OpenText 'Fully Committed' to Documentum, Other Dell EMC ECD Products view comments Microsoft Teams and Yammer: Why the Two Are Fundamentally Different view comments 'The CMS Industry Is a Mess,' Marketer Christopher Justice Says view comments Recent Comments © 2017 Simpler Media Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy. Terms of Use. Powered by Sitecore and Coveo. SMGP v2.1.6241.1893. NL-01a Get the CMSWire Newsletter Receive concise summaries of what's happening in your industry Get access to exclusive reports, white papers and webinars We take your privacy seriously NL-03a Get the CMSWire Newsletter You'll receive: Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Early Event Invites Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously Get the CMSWire Newsletter Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously You'll receive Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Webinar Invites NL-03a Join 55,000 of your peers Get the CMSWire newsletter. Access exclusive news, best practices and events.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Q&A Finding Value in Apple, Nike, Allergan, Wal-Mart Top-performing Becker Value Equity fund is loading up on beaten-down big names and shunning utilities. By Teresa Rivas Biography Jan. 31, 2017 5:53 a.m. ET Value investing fell out of favor for many years before it finally recaptured the spotlight in 2016, bringing the focus back to fundamentals. Marian... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. The Personal-Finance App That Saved Me $1,448 Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Steve Jobs’ Family Cuts Disney Stake in Half Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Breaking Down the Apple Watch’s ‘Best Quarter Ever’ Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. The Best ‘America First’ Trades to Make Today Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Tax Reform Bogs Down, Iran Tensions Heat Up Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Watch Out for Disney on Hulu and YouTube 2 Bringing Banking to Would-Be Entrepreneurs in Poverty 3 Apple Loses Ground to Rivals in China Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Local News / PA Wal-Mart Greeter Fired; Community Trying to Get His Job Back PA Wal-Mart Greeter Fired; Community Trying to Get His Job Back Posted on Wednesday, February 1, 2017 by CNN in Local News By Jamie Garland HANOVER, Pa. (WPMT) — Many community members in Hanover, York County are upset after a beloved Wal-Mart greeter was fired. Ken Emerick, 67, who is known for dressing up in costumes at work, says he was let go because of how he reacted to a group of teenagers riding scooters around the store. He says he lost his temper and started yelling at them, even grabbing one of the scooters. Emerick says the entire situation is unfortunate. “Nothing against any of the associates in there, I like them all. I just don’t like the situation I was put in after all them years. I didn’t do anything wrong,” Emerick said. Emerick, commonly called “Mr. Ken,” worked at the South Hanover Wal-Mart for eight years. No police report was filed on the incident. When FOX43 contacted Wal-Mart, officials would only say that Emerick is no longer associated with the company. Community members have set up on online petition to try to pressure the corporation to give Emerick his job back. To sign the petition, click here. A donation jar has also been placed at South Hanover Lanes, 1767 Baltimore Pike in Hanover, to collect money for Emerick and his wife now that he is unemployed. Former Employee Accused of Stealing Money from Gettysburg Pike Animal Clinic Settlement with Western Union Protects Pennsylvanians from being Victimized when Wiring Money to Third Parties Related Posts WJACTV.COM :: Judge Denies Request for Continuance in Sandusky Case PA Joins Electronic Registration Information Center (ERIC) Matching System to Improve Accuracy of Voter Rolls DuBois Man Accused of Rape Rauch Found Guilty in Robbery Case Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Woman sues Homewood over Walmart detainment incident - WBRC FOX6 News - Birmingham, AL Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events Call for Action Delays and Closings Seen on TV Absolutely Alabama Traffic Tracker WBRC Road Warrior Gas Prices Contests Mickey's Weather Kids Editorials Recipes Finding Forever Families News Alabama Headlines National Tuscaloosa News Local Sports News Traffic Tracker Good Day Recipes Recalls Weather Delays and Closings WBRC Weather App Sign Up for Weather Alerts Weather Blog FutureCast SkyVision Cameras Zip Code Forecast Traffic Tracker Mickey's Weather Kids How to program a NOAA weather radio WBRC First Alert Severe Weather Policy WBRC First Alert Storm Tracker, powered by Town & Country Ford iHeartMedia Radio Partners Sports Alabama Auburn UAB Samford JSU WBRC FOX6 Sideline Tide and Tigers Today Karle's Korner Raycom Media Camellia Bowl Alabama Sports Headlines Video Live Video Right This Minute Video Special Features Videos Sports Videos Editorials Videos Good Day Videos Weather Videos Share Photos and Videos Video Requests Good Day Traffic Tracker Contest Entry Page Recipes Business Break Mickey's Weather Kids Pets Magic City Weekend Features On Your Side: Call for Action Road Warrior Heart Gallery Alabama #WBRCandMe Pets Weddings Home and Garden Food Health Money Auto Home/Family Tech TV Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events FOX Broadcasting Company Bounce TV Grit TV Absolutely Alabama Right This Minute About Us Meet the Team WBRC FOX6 News Job Opportunities WBRC FOX6 News Internship Program 2016 EEOC Public File Report Breaking Woman sues Homewood over Walmart detainment incident 2017-02-01T15:35:34Z2017-02-01T17:09:24Z By Mia Watkins, Digital Content Producer Email Connect mwatkins@wbrc.com (Source: Jasmine Thomas/Facebook) HOMEWOOD, AL (WBRC) - A woman who was detained by Homewood police at Walmart on Dec. 1 has sued the city and one of the police officers in the incident for excessive force and unreasonable search and seizure. A Facebook Live video of the incident involving Brenda Rivers and Homewood police went viral in the days following the arrest, prompting protests, an apology and the reassignment of the officer involved. The lawsuit says Homewood police officer Corey Lenard “slammed Rivers to the ground” after her refusal to let officers search her purse in a theft investigation. Watch the Facebook Live video below:  Jasmine Thomas “Defendants lacked reasonable suspicion or probable cause to attack and assault Rivers,” the lawsuit reads. During the incident, the woman who had reported her wallet stolen told officers Rivers was not the person. Rivers remained handcuffed and on the floor for approximately 30 minutes as a crowd of shoppers gathered complaining about her treatment. The lawsuit says Rivers sustained physical injuries, pain, mental anguish and emotional distress, It says she received medical treatment and incurred medical expenses. The lawsuit asks for punitive and compensatory damages. Attorneys Tyrell Jordan and Brett Turnbull filed the lawsuit on behalf of Rivers. Copyright 2017 WBRC. All rights reserved.  NewsMore>> Birmingham PD: Homicide investigation underway on 5th Court North Birmingham PD: Homicide investigation underway on 5th Court North Updated: Thursday, February 2 2017 11:46 PM EST2017-02-03 04:46:29 GMT Birmingham police are investigating a homicide in in the 4100 block of 5th Court North. More >> Birmingham police are investigating a homicide in in the 4100 block of 5th Court North.More >> Center Point residents worry about the state of the city Center Point residents worry about the state of the city Updated: Thursday, February 2 2017 11:22 PM EST2017-02-03 04:22:11 GMT Upset Center Point residents are being very vocal on social media about the issues they are not happy within the city. More >> Upset Center Point residents are being very vocal on social media about the issues they are not happy within the city.More >> Weather J-P: Rain continues overnight with colder temperatures J-P: Rain continues overnight with colder temperatures Updated: Thursday, February 2 2017 10:49 PM EST2017-02-03 03:49:17 GMT Rain chances will remain high tonight, but mainly south of I-20. Expect much colder air to settle into the area with overnight lows in the upper 30s across much of the area. More >> Rain chances will remain high tonight, but mainly south of I-20. Expect much colder air to settle into the area with overnight lows in the upper 30s across much of the area.More >> Program to feed students supper starts in Hanceville Program to feed students supper starts in Hanceville Updated: Thursday, February 2 2017 10:33 PM EST2017-02-03 03:33:57 GMT When the last school bell of the day rings, that normally means it's time to head home. More >> When the last school bell of the day rings, that normally means it's time to head home.More >> News Father dedicates life's work to ending distracted driving Father dedicates life's work to ending distracted driving Updated: Thursday, February 2 2017 8:01 PM EST2017-02-03 01:01:52 GMT A father has turned his life's work into educating people about the dangers of distracted driving after his daughter was killed in an accident blamed on the practice. More >> A father has turned his life's work into educating people about the dangers of distracted driving after his daughter was killed in an accident blamed on the practice.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1720 Valley View Drive Birmingham, AL 35209 (205) 322-6666 FCC Public File publicfile@wbrc.com (205) 583-4343 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1971 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Latest News Sports Bulldogs take command early, blitz Rams, 63-43 Sports Rebels score wins over Coosa Valley, Abbeville Sports JV Rebels win one, lose one Sports JPP honors 8th graders for winning seasons Featured Stories Dogs terrorizing neighborhood claims city councilwoman News Featured Stories Top Stories Government Police & Courts Senior Living Sports School Obituaries Columns Videos Letters to the Editor Community Announcements Classified View Classified Ads How to Submit News Home News LaFayette Solar Farm News Top Stories February 1, 2017 slandon 0 LaFayette Solar Farm 0 0   0 0 0   0   0 more  now viewing LaFayette Solar Farm February 1, 2017 slandon now playing Bulldogs take command early, blitz Rams, 63-43 February 1, 2017 slandon now playing Rebels score wins over Coosa Valley, Abbeville February 1, 2017 slandon now playing JV Rebels win one, lose one February 1, 2017 slandon now playing JPP honors 8th graders for winning seasons February 1, 2017 slandon now playing Dogs terrorizing neighborhood claims city councilwoman February 1, 2017 slandon now playing Coming to Fredonia February 1, 2017 slandon Family Dollar workers falsify robbery story February 1, 2017 slandon Chambers unemployment ticks up slightly February 1, 2017 slandon First Ave SE now only one way street February 1, 2017 slandon Fourth victim dies following deadly Opelika house fire February 1, 2017 slandon Solar Farm located in Georgia By Bill Frazer I noticed in the LaFayette Sun this week that construction of the proposed solar farm located on the south of the LaFayette city limits is to begin within the next few weeks. In checking the option that is recorded in the Chambers County Courthouse,  TORBERT FAMILY LANDS LLC  (Owner) and AL SOLAR A, LLC and THE CHAMBERS COUNTY DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY (Purchaser) has until March 31, 2017 to finalize the sale. Aerial View Of Projected LaFayette Solar Farm The terms of the sale is that the landowner would be paid $2,500 per acre for the estimated 1,225 acres described in the option plus rights to any merchantable timber still standing on the acres to purchased. AL SOLAR A  LLC has stated that they will have a capital investment from $100 million up to $140 million dollars in developing the farm. Calculating that it would take 2.5 acres to supply enough electricity to a 1,000 homes, the potential of the farm would supply 480,000 homes. AL SOLAR A  has a corporate agreement with Alabama Power Company and Walmart to share in the energy produced by the farm. Any solar farm has to have the power lines to send the energy generated by the solar panels to the power grid network. The LaFayette location is ideal as most of the land to be purchased lies under Alabama Power Company high tension lines. It appears that Walmart will purchase most of the power produced by the solar farms and they will get a 30% tax credit. Alabama Power Company has encountered considerable criticism of late for failure to develop environmental clean energy. The other members of the Southern Company which includes GA Power, Fla. Power and Miss. Power have been active in developing solar panels. The LaFayette Solar Farm appears to be the first effort by AL Power to join the environmental friendly energy group. I wonder why AL SOLAR A, LLC (Orgis Energy) is the company putting up the money to develop the LaFayette Solar Farm?  AL SOLAR A , LLC is a foreign company. I am told that it has something to do with the USD versus EURO on return on investments. I agree with President Trump, since the tax payers are subsidizing the project, why do we not have a US Investor furnishing the funds? Also, it bothers me that all of the solar panels are made out of country and only assembled in the US. On line data states that a Location map of proposed LaFayette Solar Farm minimum of 950 of these panels are installed per acre on solar farms. On the LaFayette 1200 acre farm, 1,140,000 of these panels would be placed in the pattern. The estimated cost of the panels plus installation is projected to be $500,000 per acre. I thought that the solar farm could be used as a pasture or other farm use. It turns out that this is not the case due to the fact that the panels do not allow grazing underneath and the wiring network is vulnerable to damage. People are familiar with maintaining solar farms say that they mow the acreage and sometimes have to resort to chemical spray. Low lying land such as along creeks and branches are not suitable for panel installation.  In some instances washing the panels is needed but generally the rain keeps the panels free of dust that blocks the sun rays. One thing that I learned about solar panels, it is not feasible to store the sunlight-generated energy. It has to be transmitted through the grid network to the consumers. Since there has to a constant source of power to any of the users of electricity, either solar, water or gas generated power has to be on line when the sun is not shining such as night time, cloudy or foggy days. It is estimated that in the south  no significant solar power is generated at least 40% of the year. Solar power is generated as Direct Current and the energy has to go to a inverter to be converted to Alternating Current. This requires a inverter for every 1,000+- panels on site to distribute the power to the power grid network. There is no doubt that solar power is a plus for the environment. However, until it becomes a favorable return to the investor in solar farms, it will continue to be questionable as to the justification of building solar farms. This is especially true since the tax payers are having to pay to cover the losses. Germany is the country with the most use of energy from solar farms. Solar farms are popular in all of the European countries. Related posts: Column: Solar Farms Solar facility to employ up to 300 Agreement finalized for huge solar farm Large scale solar panel farm may come to Chambers County   0 0 0   0   0 previous Thank God I’m a Country Boy next Fourth victim dies following deadly Opelika house fire slandon Related Posts Bulldogs take command early, blitz Rams, 63-43 February 1, 2017 slandon 0 Rebels score wins over Coosa Valley, Abbeville February 1, 2017 slandon 0 JV Rebels win one, lose one February 1, 2017 slandon 0 Subscribe to The LaFayette Sun First Name Last Name Email Address Submit Facebook Like Box Facebook Copyright 2016, The LaFayette Sun Close News Featured Stories Top Stories Government Police & Courts Senior Living Sports School Obituaries Columns Videos Letters to the Editor Community Announcements Classified View Classified Ads How to Submit News × REPORT THIS [contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"] Share this video
Subscribe Log In Search Listen Now Friday, February 3, 2017 83 Today's Paper Weather 21°F Cloudy Friday, February 3, 2017   Today's Schedule   Listen Now! Toggle navigation News Local State Nation - World Business Obituaries Weather Sports Prep Sports Illini Sports All Sports Illini Forums Business Living A&E Blogs Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Guest Commentary All Opinions Multimedia Photo Galleries Podcasts Videos Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Champaign Wal-Mart no longer open 24 hours share Facebook Twitter | Subscribe More Local 1 dead in fire at Danville group home for veterans Alvin house fire: 'They all loved playing here' Man wanted in October shooting in Urbana arrested Urbana man charged with having heroin for sale × Login Options Commenting Login to comment or to shop for deal of the day or books. Member Login Login to your member account to read premium articles. Username or e-mail: * Password: * Create new account Request new password Close Home » News » Local Champaign Wal-Mart no longer open 24 hours Wed, 02/01/2017 - 7:00am | Ben Zigterman Photo by: Niko Dugan/The News-Gazette A sign just inside the door of the Champaign Wal-Mart announces a change in its hours. CHAMPAIGN — The Champaign Walmart is no longer open 24 hours, now closing from midnight to 6 a.m. The company made the change Saturday because not enough people are shopping there during the late-night hours, spokeswoman Leslee Wright said. "We did a study on when our shoppers are using our stores," she said. "It's a reflection of shopping patterns." The Urbana, Savoy, Rantoul and Danville Wal-Mart have enough traffic during those hours and will remain open 24 hours. "This is the kind of decision we make on a store by store basis and will allow us the ability to reallocate resources to serve our customers during peak shopping hours," said a sign at the Champaign Wal-Mart. While the change affects employees' hours, Wright said there won't be any layoffs. Sections (3):News, Local, Business Topics (1):Retail More Local 1 dead in fire at Danville group home for veterans Alvin house fire: 'They all loved playing here' Man wanted in October shooting in Urbana arrested Urbana man charged with having heroin for sale More Local 1 dead in fire at Danville group home for veterans Alvin house fire: 'They all loved playing here' Man wanted in October shooting in Urbana arrested Urbana man charged with having heroin for sale Join the Conversation Comments News-Gazette.com embraces discussion of both community and world issues. We welcome you to contribute your ideas, opinions and comments, but we ask that you avoid personal attacks, vulgarity and hate speech. We reserve the right to remove any comment at our discretion, and we will block repeat offenders' accounts. To post comments, you must first be a registered user, and your username will appear with any comment you post. Happy posting. Login or register to post comments #1 logicalpositivist wrote 1 day 17 hours ago I bet the real reason was too much theft late at night. I've only been in that Walmart a few times and each time it felt incredibly sketchy. The apartment complexes in that area of town seem to be a big reason for that. Login or register to post comments Latest News Champaign man charged with burglary, theft Workers contributing more to, borrowing less from 401(k)s Productivity slows to 1.3% annual rate in 4th quarter The latest: Inmates used 'sharp instruments' to take prison The latest: Official details Trump's call with Australian leader Yemeni officials say U.S. warships fired on al-Qaida positions Trump vows to repeal political limits on churches Trump puts Iran 'on notice' after ballistic missile test White House calls Trump comments on Mexico 'lighthearted' Breitbart editor's Berkeley talk canceled amid violent protest More Local News Most Viewed News UPDATED: Lovie, assistants speak after 2017 class signing Davis throws support behind Trump move Accused's friend says fatal shooting 'a surprise to me' At least 1 injured in Champaign rollover Champaign Wal-Mart no longer open 24 hours Most Commented News Davis throws support behind Trump move Immigration ban: 'We just needed a change' UI professors among those to denounce Trump's order Central students to wear hijabs in solidarity with classmates Trump's order leaves three Iranian UI students in limbo Trending Now Accused's friend says fatal shooting 'a surprise to me' Champaign Wal-Mart no longer open 24 hours Accident clogs I-74 in Champaign Central students to wear hijabs in solidarity with classmates UPDATED: Lovie, assistants speak after 2017 class signing Danville students promote alternative prom Marcus Jackson/About Town: 'He's a true Maroon' Crash results in DUI arrest, I-74 backup Trump's order leaves three Iranian UI students in limbo Probation for former state trooper Alvin house fire: 'They all loved playing here' Radio Newstalk 1400 WDWS-AM Lite Rock 97.5 WHMS-FM Classic Hits 107.9 WKIO-FM Print County Star The Independent News The Leader LeRoy Farmer City Press Mahomet Citizen Paxton Record Journal Republican Rantoul Press Magazines At Home Magazine Central Illinois Business Magazine Customer Service Help Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Frequently Asked Questions Subscription Information Quick Links eEdition Obituaries Submit Vacation Stop Staff List Pay your Subscription Buy a Photo Send a News Tip Submit an Announcement Start a subscription now to enjoy our award-winning local news and sports coverage. Print, digital, or both-- we've got you covered. Subscribe Connect with The News-Gazette © 1995-2017 The News-Gazette, Inc. | All Rights Reserved | 15 Main St., Champaign, IL 61820
Trending: Undervalued Stocks Video Games Infographics Dividends Famous Investors Green Ideas List Categories All Analysis & Opinions Hedge Funds Lists In The News Stock Picks & Lists Tech Lists Infographics Whats Hot Popular Articles Super Bowl Hype and the Marriage of New and Traditional Advertising The Morning Hype: Trump Jobs, ZeniMax Wins Lawsuit, and a Continent Under the Ocean How the Athletic Footwear Market Has Changed in Recent Years My Portfolio   HOME > Investment Ideas > In The News The Morning Hype: Bacon Reserves are Low, Walmart Comes After Amazon, and an Angry Octopus Posted:02/01/17 By:Dania Duran Comments(0) | Add a comment Research  these Stocks on Kapitall’s Playground Now   research now   Lego Expands in UK Despire Brexit (via Bloomberg) EU and Mexico Are Talking Trade Deal, After Trump's Wall Talk (via Reuters) Facebook is Coming to Your TV (via MarketWatch) Scuba Diver Does Not Make Friends with Feeding Octopus (via Sploid) PSA: The US Bacon Reserves are LOW! (via Fortune) Walmart Starts Offering Free Two-Day Shipping on All Orders (via Forbes) Brexit Bill Gets Vote Tonight to Push it Through Parliament (via Business Insider) Apple May Open Lawsuit Against Travel Ban (via Recode) NYC: BdB is Pitching a 'Mansion Tax' to Rich Residents (via Gothamist) India Has Banned All Transcations Above $4,500 (via Mashable)   ABOUT US © New Kapitall Holdings LLC. All rights reserved. Kapitall Wire is a division of New Kapitall Holdings LLC. Kapitall Generation, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of New Kapitall Holdings LLC. Kapitall Wire offers free cutting edge investing ideas, intended for educational information purposes only. It should not be construed as an offer to buy or sell securities, or any other product or service provided by New Kapitall Holdings, and its affiliate companies. Open a free account today get access to virtual cash portfolios, cutting-edge tools, stock market insights, and a live brokerage platform through our affiliated company, Kapitall Generation, LLC.  Securities products and services are offered by Kapitall Generation, LLC – a FINRA/SIPC member. For more information, see full disclosures and fees.  Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website most recent most read Super Bowl Hype and the Marriage of New and Traditional Advertising Posted 02/02/17 The Morning Hype: Trump Jobs, ZeniMax Wins Lawsuit, and a Continent Under the Ocean Posted 02/02/17 How the Athletic Footwear Market Has Changed in Recent Years Posted 02/01/17 The Morning Hype: Bacon Reserves are Low, Walmart Comes After Amazon, and an Angry Octopus Posted 02/01/17 The Importance Of Immigrants On Wall Street, In Silicon Valley And For The United States Posted 01/31/17 The Morning Hype: Trump's Immigration Ban, Animal Crossing for Your Phone, and Hydrogen Cells for Your Car Posted 01/31/17 Four Companies That Are Helping Refugees Right Now Posted 01/30/17 A CEO Who's Who Of Trump's Manufacturing Council Posted 01/30/17 The Morning Hype: The New Hoverboard, VW Hits #1, and the Companies Fighting Against the Muslim Ban Posted 01/30/17 next prev The Morning Hype: Western Union Wire Fraud, El Chapo in the US, and Google Home Conflict of Interests Posted 01/20/17 The Morning Hype: Trump Jobs, ZeniMax Wins Lawsuit, and a Continent Under the Ocean Posted 02/02/17 The Morning Hype: Brexit Bill, Jose Cuervo IPO, and All the Rich People Making Decisions For Us Posted 01/26/17 2017: The State Of Cryptocurrencies (Part 2) Posted 01/25/17 The Morning Hype: Alkaline Diet Guy Gets Three Years, Target to Get It's Own Payment App, and the Anonymous Search Engine Posted 01/25/17 2017: The State Of Cryptocurrencies (Part 1) Posted 01/24/17 The Morning Hype: Dow Chem/DuPont Merger Delays, Brexit is Coming, and Pepsi Premium 'WTR' Posted 01/24/17 Super Bowl Hype and the Marriage of New and Traditional Advertising Posted 02/02/17 The Morning Hype: Salmon Prices on the Rise, Sierra Nevada Recall, and Alternative Facts are Still Lies Posted 01/23/17 next prev Most Popular Infographics A Savvy Investor's Guide to New Year's Resolutions Posted 12/30/13 Infographic: Thanksgiving Investing Ideas for Black Friday and Cyber Monday Posted 11/25/13 Infographic: Next Gen Gaming with New Xbox One and PS4 Consoles Posted 11/11/13 Infographic: OktoberFest's Staggering Stats Posted 10/09/13 Infographic: Solar Industry Shines Bright Posted 04/17/13 Infographic: 5 Digital Trends in Manufacturing Posted 02/08/13 Infographic: The Gun Business Under Fire Posted 02/08/13 Infographic: The Decline of Big Beer and the Rise of Craft Brews Posted 02/01/13 Infographic: Despite Low Ticket Sales the Silver Screen is Going Strong Posted 01/25/13 next prev Kapitall’s Top Lists Today's Top Gainers View & Trade This List ► Solar Stocks View & Trade This List ► Cloud Computing View & Trade This List ► Mobile Web Stocks View & Trade This List ► High Dividend View & Trade This List ►   Backstage become a fan follow us   ABOUT KAPITALL WIRE Kapitall Wire, which is not a broker/dealer, offers free cutting edge investing ideas, lively commentary and timely analysis of companies enhanced by interactive tools. The site's content is intended for educational information purposes only and should not be construed as an offer to buy or sell securities, or any other product or service provided by New Kapitall Holdings, LLC., and its affiliate companies. Kapitall Wire is brought to you by Kapitall, a revolutionary investing platform that makes it as easy as drag and drop to trade stocks. Investment Ideas Infographics Kapitall Wire Team Join Now Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy ©2016 Kapitall, Inc. Kapitall Wire is a division of Kapitall Inc. Kapitall Generation LLC. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Kapitall Inc.
This site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more News... but not as you know it 107.2m shares News Sport Trending Home Trending News UK World Weird Tech Sport Football Rumour Mill PL Table Oddballs Club Metro Entertainment Showbiz TV Film Music Gaming Celebrity Big Brother Soaps Lifestyle Sex Fashion Food Travel Video More Lifestyle Blogs Students Submit stuff Competitions Jobs Property Search Metro Follow us This £6 bottle of Malbec from Asda is apparently one of the world’s best-rated wines Miranda Larbi for Metro.co.ukWednesday 1 Feb 2017 10:34 am (Picture: Shutterstock/Metro.co.uk) If wine snobs are to be believed, it’s worth forking out a small fortune when buying a bottle. Anything less than a fiver and the liquid is basically vinegar. Hen dos: 8 afternoon teas that are perfect for every kind of bride-to-be But this isn’t always the case – as this £5.98 bottle of Malbec proves. Sold by Asda, La Moneda Reserva Malbec beat 16,000 rivals in a blind taste test last year to win the prestigious Decanter World Wine Awards competition. Decanter gave it 95 points (out of 100 – a huge feat, especially for a cheap wine) when it won the best ‘single-variety red costing under £15’ category. (Picture: Asda) And such was the demand for the wallet-friendly wine, that Walmart had to start selling it over in the states for $6.96. So, how did one of the world’s best-rated wines end up on the shelves of Asda and Walmart – rather than somewhere like Harrods? Well, the answer lies in its not-so-romantic production. According to The Washington Post, the Malbec is produced by Chile’s largest wine exporter Ranco Wines, which ships more than 80 million litres of wine a year to over 25 countries. That works out at about 107 million bottles. More: Food Which flavour is top dog? Pot Noodles rated and ranked Valentine's Day 2017: 15 stunning and delicious vegan V Day recipes We tried vegan scrambled eggs and it caused a lot of confusion Far from being a product of rustic barrels, it’s mass produced in large stainless steel ‘tank farms’ which can hold umpteen gallons – and that scale means that it’s cheap to produce in bulk. And in the case of La Moneda, it’s shipped to the UK where it’s then bottled. The fact it’s packaged in Britain dramatically reduces the overall cost. The fact that it’s only available here at Asda also means that there is none of those usual marketing cost ‘s required when building a brand and pitching to various businesses. State-side, Walmart claims to have bought all the La Moneda that hasn’t been snapped up by Asda – meaning that although other American companies can ask to be a distributor, there isn’t any available to them. But whatever the reason, the point stands there’s world-class wine being sold at Asda for under a fiver. And it’s not going anywhere. See you at Asda, people. MORE: This sneaky wine-loving mum has just won Twitter with her genius hack MORE: Experts are now adding salt to their wine to improve the flavour MORE: Celebrate Wet February with these medal-winning wines The Fix The daily lifestyle email from Metro.co.uk. Sign up Find out more MoreAlcohol Britain has 3,000 ways to say 'drunk' (here's 100 of them) Sponsored12 of David Emanuel's most hilarious faces from Say Yes To The Dress No need to panic, the gin shortage has been averted Best reactions to the end of dry January Hen dos: 8 afternoon teas that are perfect for every kind of bride-to-be We tried vegan scrambled eggs and it caused a lot of confusion MORE: No need to panic, the gin shortage has been averted MORE: Forget Dry January and celebrate Wet February with these medal-winning wines MORE: Butterbeer is available on tap from this London speakeasy Comments Must read What's trending nowMore trending stories » Body positive blogger uses a pair of tights to make an important point about bef Stop everything: You can now get entire boxes of Celebrations' Maltesers Teasers The world's first magazine devoted to redheads now exists and it's incredibly beautiful £6 Asda wine voted one of the best in the world 12 of David Emanuel's most hilarious faces from Say Yes To The Dress Brought to you byMore trending stories » YOU ARE HERE: Food › Alcohol Home News Sport Lifestyle Entertainment More Blogs Jobs Search Metro Trending MetroUK @MetroUK © 2017 Associated Newspapers Limited Powered by WordPress.com VIP Your ad choices ContributorsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite map Back to top Get us in your feed Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Post to Cancel
View mobile site View mobile site Follow us on         Tulsa's 24-Hour News, Weather and Traffic Hi, (not you?) | Member Center | Sign Out Sign In | Register recent on-air advertisers Now Playing Now PlayingNews-Talk 740 KRMG Tulsa's 24-Hour News, ... Listen Live Search Home News Top Stories Oklahoma News US News World News Breaking News Text Alerts Weather 5-Day Forecast KRMG NexRad HD Radar Severe Weather Preparedness TAKE ACTION: Avoid illness during the summer heat Winter Weather Tips Severe Weather Text Alerts School/Business/Church Closings LIVE StormCenter Chase Cameras Traffic Accidents in Tulsa Current ODOT Construction Projects Traffic Cameras Find the lowest gas prices Accident Report Form Red Alert Traffic Notifications The KRMG Morning News Behind the Scenes Blog JAMIE DUPREE Jamie Dupree on Twitter Inside KRMG Air Staff Submit A News Tip KRMG Insider Newsletter Event Guide Community Page How To Advertise On KRMG Concerts Contact Us CoxHSHub.com Tulsa Live Events Union Football Shows KRMG Morning News Herman Cain Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity KRMG Evening News Clark Howard Kilmeade & Friends The Dana Show Chad Benson Show Wheels Car Care Show KRMG.com Presents Voices of Oklahoma Radio KRMG Ask the Experts Weekend The KRMG Gardening Show Contests The KRMG App KRMG TEXT ALERTS Breaking News Alerts Weather Alerts Red Alert Traffic - transitioning to app! 3 Big Things Home   >  News   >  Local Updated: 1:17 a.m. Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017 | Posted: 3:58 a.m. Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017 Walmart takes aim at Amazon with new free-shipping offer The new deal will start soon Related View Larger  In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Walmart store in La Habra, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) Teens behind racist graffiti sentenced to visit Holocaust Museum Mattis warns North Korea against any attack on U.S., allies Woman gets bouquet of Chicken McNuggets Firefighters help puppy stuck in a odd situation Over $1 million raised to help rebuild Texas mosque destroyed by fire By Cox Media Group You might not think much of them, but purchases of everyday items such as snacks, toilet paper, toothpaste and cleaning wipes are worth a lot to the big retailers. For many Americans, Amazon Prime (and free two-day shipping for less than $10 per month) is king. But Walmart just fired a new salvo in the ongoing price war between the two retailers. >> Read more trending news For more than 2 million common household items, Walmart will offer free two-day shipping on every purchase of $35 or more with no annual membership fee. Previously, customers had to spend $50 to get free two-day shipping. Walmart is hoping to lure away consumers who are tired of Amazon Prime’s annual fees and use the chain's size to offer better prices than Amazon’s. With last year’s acquisition of Jet.com, it’s clear that Walmart is trying to dominate the home-delivery space. There are no comments yet. Be the first to post your thoughts. Sign in or register.     Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Trending News Teens behind racist graffiti sentenced to visit Holocaust Museum Mattis warns North Korea against any attack on U.S., allies Woman gets bouquet of Chicken McNuggets Firefighters help puppy stuck in a odd situation Nordstrom removing Ivanka Trump brand clothing, cites sales   News/Weather/Traffic News Weather Traffic Event Guide Events Follow and Share RSS Feeds Advertisers and Sponsors How to Advertise Recent on-air advertisers Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Tulsa Coupons Rare - America's News Feed About Us Contact Us Work With Us EEOC Statement Help Audio Help Video Help Search Help   © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group   View mobile site View mobile site Enterprise Feedback Management Survey Software Sign In / Register Sign in with your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign in with your email {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? {* /userInformationForm *} New User?Create a New Account Sign In / Register Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In / Register Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} You're Almost Done! Select a display name and password {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Tell us about yourself {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Create a New Account Select a display name and password Already have an account? Sign In {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Tell us about yourself {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account Already have an account? Sign In {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent you a confirmation email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Close Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification To sign in you must verify your email address. Fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* resendVerification_emailAddress *} {* newPasswordFormButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Sign in
ActionNewsJax.com LIVE http://www.actionnewsjax.com/cmg-main-theme/css ActionNewsJax.com SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wjax profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12386682 Home 12386742 News Hurricane Matthew County by County Weird Florida Nation & World Skyvision Action Button Links Download News App 12386688 Weather First Alert Doppler HD Interactive Radar First Alert Wx App Sky Cams Hour by Hour 7-Day Forecast Weekend Forecast Hurricane Center Buresh Blog Weather Photos 12386748 Traffic First Alert Traffic Twitter Gas Prices 12386964 Watch Watch Live Stream Watch Latest Newscast Video Social Media Photo Galleries Action News Jax Sunday 15413233 Investigates Restaurant Report Predator Alert 12386760 Sports Action Sports Jax Jacksonville Jaguars Friday Night Blitz Georgia - Florida Game SEC Sports ACC Sports Dream 18 Super Bowl Fight for the Fedora Daytona Contest 12386850 Family Focus Community Calendar MLK Live the Dream Contest American Red Cross Jax Health and Fitness Expo MSABC Florida's Children First 166575486 About Us Action News Jax Team What's On WJAX-TV Get TV MeTV on MyTVJax Talent Appearances Submit Events Contact Us Jobs at Cox Millennials at CMG 417767243 Local Solutions 166656945 Home for Good Jax 166650644 Jax Dream Home Pros 413973870 Zika virus in Florida More Walmart takes aim at Amazon with new free-shipping offer by: Patrick McMahon, Rare.us Updated: Feb 1, 2017 - 2:17 AM In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Walmart store in La Habra, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter You might not think much of them, but purchases of everyday items such as snacks, toilet paper, toothpaste and cleaning wipes are worth a lot to the big retailers. For many Americans, Amazon Prime (and free two-day shipping for less than $10 per month) is king. But Walmart just fired a new salvo in the ongoing price war between the two retailers. Related Headlines Clay County Sheriff's Office: Suspect dead after police shooting in Orange Park Woman in Duval courthouse sex video says she will tell her story, for a price 3 teens shot shooting in Arlington neighborhood near schools >> Read more trending news For more than 2 million common household items, Walmart will offer free two-day shipping on every purchase of $35 or more with no annual membership fee. Previously, customers had to spend $50 to get free two-day shipping. Walmart is hoping to lure away consumers who are tired of Amazon Prime’s annual fees and use the chain's size to offer better prices than Amazon’s. With last year’s acquisition of Jet.com, it’s clear that Walmart is trying to dominate the home-delivery space. © 2017 Cox Media Group. Twtter Walmart takes aim at Amazon with new free-shipping offer Teens behind racist graffiti sentenced to visit Holocaust Museum Mattis warns North Korea against any attack on U.S., allies Woman gets bouquet of Chicken McNuggets Firefighters help puppy stuck in a odd situation News Local News National/World News Video Traffic First Alert Weather Interactive Radar First Alert Doppler HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WJAX/WFOX What's on CBS47/ FOX30 WFOX Public File WFOX EEOC Statement WJAX Public File WJAX EEOC Statement Jobs © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 1 February 2017 | MYT 3:51 PM Wal-Mart offers free two-day shipping in latest attempt to compete with Amazon Ramping up the competition: Wal-Mart's free shipping offer will be available on over 2 million items, including frequently ordered items such as household essentials, baby products, cleaning supplies and food items like cereal and peanut butter. — Reuters CHICAGO: Wal-Mart Stores Inc will offer US shoppers free two-day shipping on a minimum order of US$35 (RM155) starting Jan 31, its latest attempt to compete with rival Amazon.com Inc's popular Prime shipping programme.  Free shipping will replace 'Shipping Pass', Wal-Mart's existing two-day shipping programme that charges shoppers an annual membership fee of US$49 (RM217). Amazon Prime charges customers US$99 (RM439) a year for two-day shipping that comes with additional features like a streaming video service.  Marc Lore, head of Wal-Mart's e-commerce operations, said the company's offer will be "most compelling" for shoppers looking for low prices, a wide assortment and fast shipping.  "In today's world of e-commerce, two-day free shipping is table stakes. It no longer makes sense to charge for it," Lore said on a conference call. He is the former head of online retailer Jet.com, which Wal-Mart bought for US$3.3bil (RM14.59bil) last year.  The decision to scrap the membership fee is Lore's boldest move yet to challenge Amazon since he took charge of Wal-Mart's struggling online business. Earlier this month, Lore shuffled Wal-Mart's e-commerce decks.  The move is in line with the broader push by Wal-Mart chief executive Doug McMillon to narrow the gap with Amazon and give it an even more dominant position in US e-commerce. The retailer has been investing in e-commerce for the past 15 years, but it still lags far behind its Seattle-based rival.  Wal-Mart's free shipping offer will be available on over 2 million items. It will include frequently ordered items such as household essentials, baby products, cleaning supplies and food items like cereal and peanut butter.  Wal-Mart said it will use its new online warehouses around the country to fulfil such orders and expects to ship many such items in just one day. In October, the retailer said it is on track to double the number of giant warehouses dedicated to online sales to 10 by the end of 2016.  Wal-Mart will also fully refund the membership fee for existing Shipping Pass members. The company started experimenting with Shipping Pass in 2015 and was trying to boost demand for the program by offering a free 30-day trial in 2016.  In a separate blog post, Lore said the retailer remains committed to saving consumers money. "I've been here for four months and I couldn't be more excited about how fast we are moving. It feels like a startup."  He indicated there will be more changes at the world's largest retailer. — Reuters You May Be Interested Irish calculation similar to EU on Apple tax estimate: minister Microsoft asks for exception programme on Trump orders Facebook, Microsoft said to circulate immigration open letter Amazon profit jumps while revenue misses mark Amazon projects spending that concerns investors watching profit Apple to expand iconic NYC ‘Cube’ store in lift for Fifth Avenue Others Also Read Zulhasnan joins CNY celebration in New York Abe says Japan to show 'unwavering alliance' with U.S. under Trump Fishermen who saved 20 from boat mishap get RM2,000 advertisement Latest News Apple to build iPhone in India this year: official Amazon projects spending that concerns investors watching profit Snap signed five-year, US$2bil deal to use Google’s Cloud Nintendo plays with fire as new mobile game takes ‘gacha’ global Under attack from hackers, UK isn’t hiring staff fast enough Most Viewed in Tech Apple to build iPhone in India this year: official Is it time to say ‘goodbye’ to Google Allo? Nintendo plays with fire as new mobile game takes ‘gacha’ global Snap signed five-year, US$2bil deal to use Google’s Cloud Samsung in talks with Japan’s Murata for S8 batteries: Nikkei Under attack from hackers, UK isn’t hiring staff fast enough Apple moves closer to iPhone assembly in India Amazon projects spending that concerns investors watching profit Credit card thieves move online as chips cut in-store fraud Uber CEO quits Trump’s business advisory group Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscriber Services Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Clear60° FULL FORECASTClear60° FULL FORECAST Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Business Here's a sneak peek at the Crystal Lagoon project in Wesley Chapel US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News In shift, Trump warns Israel against new settlements Trump implied Frederick Douglass was alive; the abolitionist's family offered a 'history lesson.' Idiosyncratic writer Harry Mathews dies at 86 Victim in Saturday Clearwater shooting has died, police upgrade warrant for suspected killer Rick Scott defends legacy as House Republicans push to abolish two key agencies News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana State Roundup Frenetic beginning of Trump presidency has Democrats, Republicans fumbling to respond Top News In shift, Trump warns Israel against new settlements Trump implied Frederick Douglass was alive; the abolitionist's family offered a 'history lesson.' Rick Scott defends legacy as House Republicans push to abolish two key agencies Security beefs up now that Mar-a-Lago's resident is President Trump Port of Alabama signs agreement with Cuba that Florida ports can't Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Evan Longoria Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More Lightning Strikes Lightning falls to Senators for third straight loss (w/ video) Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News No. 24 Florida romps before Kentucky showdown; USF losing skid hits 10 Lightning falls to Senators for third straight loss (w/ video) Lightning's Bishop wants to stay but wants to play Tampa Museum of Art's 'Who Shot Sports' exhibit portrays sports photography as art Super Bowl: A follower of 'The Patriots Way' is now in the Patriots' way Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2016 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Events Top things to do this weekend Top News Review: 'The Space Between Us' is remedial sci-fi romance at best Review: 'Duke Riley: Flights of Fancy' at USF connects people with pigeons Restaurant review: New to Tampa Bay, Smashburger's burger technique yields a solid patty Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Pursue public records probe at PTC Top Opinion Maxwell: The duty of a free press Editorial: More voices for regional Tampa Bay transit Editorial: Tampa Sports Authority eats on your dime Editorial: Pursue public records probe at PTC Pat Frank honored for work to aid organ donation, a gift that keeps giving Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Human Interest Peter Pan and Wendy found love in real life Top News Carnival Breeze cruise ship delivers a memorable Caribbean experience Petition: Don't let Disney World's animatronic Trump speak Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Orlando shooter's widow seeks jail release pending trial By Paul Elias, Associated Press PAUL ELIASAssociated Press Wednesday, February 1, 2017 12:29am Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged Noor Salman says she had no idea her husband, Omar Mateen, planned to attack the Pulse Nightclub in Orlando. [Special to the Times] SAN FRANCISCO — Lawyers for the widow of the man who staged a deadly terrorist attack at a Florida nightclub said she had no advance knowledge of the plot and did not know ahead of time that her husband planned to buy ammunition while they were on a trip to Walmart. Related News/Archive Judge orders mental exam for widow of Pulse shooter 1 Day Ago Documents: 150 shots fired in battle with Pulse nightclub shooter in Orlando 6 Months Ago In the West Bank, Orlando gunman's widow is remembered as sheltered, simple 7 Months Ago Noor Salman's attorneys said Tuesday in court filings arguing for her release from jail that she had no involvement or knowledge of her husband Omar Mateen's plan to attack the Pulse Nightclub in Orlando on June 12. Mateen shot to death 49 people and wounded 53 others before police killed him. Mateen pledged support to the Islamic State extremist group and other terrorist organizations. Salman was arrested in November and will appear in an Oakland, Calif., federal court today seeking her release from jail pending her trial on charges of supporting her husband and lying to investigators. Attorney Haitham Amin said prosecutors have yet to turn over to Salman's legal team much of the evidence they have collected to make their case. Amin and court papers filed Tuesday by Salman's lead attorney, Charles Swift, say it appears Salman is charged with being present when her husband was making plans to attack the nightclub. In particular, Swift cites media accounts reporting that Salman accompanied Mateen on a "scouting trip" in a car to the nightclub in the days before the attack and that she was with her husband when he purchased ammunition at a Walmart near their Fort Pierce home 120 miles southeast of Orlando. Swift wrote "the evidence will show that the purported scouting trip occurred while the family was on their way home from babysitting the children of a relative, that Mateen chose to drive into Orlando and to pass by the Pulse Night Club, and that Noor, who did not possess a driver's license at the time, was at most a reluctant passenger who wanted to go home." Federal authorities arrested Salman in November at her mother's suburban San Francisco home and charged her with aiding Mateen's support of the Islamic State and then lying to FBI agents and police investigating the Orlando nightclub attack. Salman and Mateen lived with their 3-year-old son in nearby Fort Pierce before the attack. Salman and her son moved in with an aunt in Mississippi immediately after the attacks before settling with her mother in her hometown of Rodeo, Calif., about 25 miles east of San Francisco. Details of the charges remained under seal Tuesday and the U.S. Attorney's Office in San Francisco did not return phone calls from the Associated Press. Mateen told her he needed the ammo for his job as a security guard when she asked him about buying the ammunition, the court filing said. "Although Noor may have been present when Mateen was possibly making preparations, mere presence alone is insufficient to establish aiding and abetting," Swift wrote. Orlando shooter's widow seeks jail release pending trial 02/01/17 [Last modified: Wednesday, February 1, 2017 12:29am] Photo reprints | Article reprints Copyright: For copyright information, please check with the distributor of this item, Associated Press.      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Sign up for Daystarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Purchase photos Reprints and licensing Online store Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2016 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Walmart greeter fired; community trying to get his job back - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream Groundhog Day Social Stream Super Bowl Get Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts Football Super Bowl Pro Football Challenge Win tickets to a Sabres/Penguins Game Nascar Schedule NFL Football Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday Groundhog Day Social Stream Pro Football Challenge WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Football Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Walmart greeter fired; community trying to get his job back Posted: Tuesday, January 31, 2017 10:05 PM EST Updated: Tuesday, January 31, 2017 10:05 PM EST Jamie Garland Hanover, PA -- Many community members in Hanover, York County are upset after a beloved Walmart greeter is fired. Ken Emerick, 67, who is known for dressing up in costumes at work, says he was let go because of how he reacted to a group of teenagers riding scooters around the store. He says he lost his temper and started yelling at them; even grabbing one of the scooters. Emerick says the entire situation is unfortunate. "Nothing against any of the associates in there, I like them all. I just don't like the situation was I put in after all them years. I didn't do anything wrong," Emerick said. Emerick, commonly called "Mr. Ken," worked at the South Hanover Walmart for 8-years. No police report was filed on the incident. When FOX43 reached out to Walmart, officials would only say that Mr. Emerick is no longer associated with the company. Community members have set up on online petition to try to pressure the corporation to give Emerick his job back. To sign the petition, click here: http://bit.ly/2ki2bBn A donation jar has also been placed at South Hanover Lanes, 1767 Baltimore Pike in Hanover, to collect money for Emerick and his wife now that he is unemployed. WPMT TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Fire engulfs barn in north Clark County 7 apply to fill seat of retiring Judge Swanger Portland man in court in alleged robbery Money argument root of shooting, police pursuit Vancouver man’s bail set at $150,000 in crash case Tree whipped by winds clips house, topples into driveway Clark County districts seek support during Valentine’s Day special election Police respond to stabbing in Fruit Valley neighborhood Winter storm watch canceled for Clark County Vancouver police say they might have your missing camera Vancouver police say they might have your missing camera Did your digital camera go missing after a vehicle break-in or burglary? Did you use it to photograph a 2008… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Williams-Goss scores 33 as No. 1 Gonzaga gets past BYU Brooks helps No. 13 Oregon hold off Arizona State High school scoreboard 2/3 Girls basketball: Washougal 53, Columbia River 30 Girls basketball: Mark Morris 55, Hockinson 52 Boys basketball: King’s Way Christian 52, Castle Rock 48 Girls basketball: Mountain View 45, Fort Vancouver 27 Boys basketball: Stevenson 88, White Salmon 57 Girls basketball: King’s Way Christian 51, Castle Rock 34 Boys basketball: Firm Foundation 61, WSD 35 Former Camas standout Hennessey transfers to Central Washington Former standout Camas High School quarterback Reilly Hennessey is transferring to Central Washington University. Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Uber CEO leaves Trump council after criticism Enfamil maker in talks to be sold for $16.7B WSU Vancouver panel to talk launching products Grand opening of housing development set for Feb. 11 Nominations open for Clark County Green Awards Microsoft leads tech pushback against immigration order Startup Weekend event canceled Merck profit soars on new drugs; CEO expects better Nordstrom: Returns policy hasn’t changed Stocks see little change as investors digest news Microsoft leads tech pushback against immigration order Microsoft is asking U.S. officials to grant exceptions for law-abiding, visa-holding workers and students from President Donald Trump’s immigration order,… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Hillary Clinton cheered at Broadway’s ‘In Transit’ musical Plant purple in the garden for health flavor Scientists find oldest human ancestor Digging into downsizing Mackerel, volcano answer some climate change questions Big stage awaits Battle Ground High School Rocks reveal the past Owls beautiful, fascinating and a way to control the rodents in the garden 2017 Color of the Year is ‘Shadow’ Splurge v. Save: Metallic accents for your home Plant purple in the garden for health flavor Dietary experts have long advised eating an array of colored vegetables, as each carries different nutrients. Many yellow and orange… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Sanctuary Stance Smart Parker: Did Trump voters know they’d get President Bannon? Letter: Here’s when America was great Letter: Leftists hurt themselves Letter: Congress ignores our interests Letter: Bears in schools? Oh my! Letter: Support schools with time, money In Our View: Manufacturing Matters Camden: Democrats in state Senate need to work on addition Letter: Support kids through levies Editorial Cartoons: Jan. 29-Feb. 4 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News LSW Architects sort food at FISH of Vancouver Kids snowboard to overcome life’s challenges Genealogical Society gets grant to help digitize information Applause You Can Help Everybody Has a Story: A slice of modern family life Ridgefield students recite poetry for national competition Hough volunteers on garbage patrol clean up neighborhood Free Clinic receives grant for supplying medications to those in need Kaiser employees spend MLK Day of Service spread out Empty parking spaces, long wait list in downtown Some downtown Vancouver residents are frustrated that hundreds of people, including some of their neighbors, are on a waiting list… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Wal-Mart offering free two-day shipping to all Published: January 31, 2017, 5:43 PM A   A Chicago – Wal-Mart has opened free two-day shipping to all customers, dropping a paid membership program. As of Tuesday morning, the Bentonville, Ark.-based retailer began shipping eligible orders of $35 or more to customers’ homes in two days or less. More than 2 million items are available for the free expedited shipping, including baby items, some food items, pet products, cleaning supplies and top toys and electronics, Wal-Mart said in a news release. Wal-Mart previously reserved free two-day shipping for customers who paid for its ShippingPass membership. At $49 per year, ShippingPass was about half the price of Amazon’s popular Prime membership. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Orlando shooter's widow seeks jail release pending trial - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS Hourly Forecast Information Contact Us WBXH-TV Editorials NEWS Hand It On Links Mentioned Investigators Entertainment News Crime Stoppers Slideshows Health Heart of Louisiana Video 9News This Morning Anchors and Reporters Power of 9 WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS LSU Headlines SU Headlines Saints Headlines Pelicans Headlines Sportsline Friday Nite 2016 Warrick Dunn Award SFN Player of the Week Traffic Baton Rouge Area Traffic Incidents DOTD Road Closures and Traffic Cameras National Highway Traffic Safety Adminstration Investigators Baton Rouge: Interactive homicide map THE INVESTIGATORS: Failure to pay WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Community Stirrin It Up Recipes About Programming 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Contact 9 Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business Orlando shooter's widow seeks jail release pending trial By PAUL ELIAS Associated Press SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - Lawyers for the widow of the man who staged a deadly terrorist attack at a Florida nightclub said she had no advance knowledge of the plot and did not know ahead of time that her husband planned to buy ammunition while they were on a trip to Walmart. Noor Salman's attorneys said Tuesday in court filings arguing for her release from jail that she had no involvement or knowledge of her husband Omar Mateen's plan to attack the Pulse Nightclub in Orlando on June 12. Mateen shot to death 49 people and wounded 53 others before police killed him. Mateen pledged support to the Islamic State extremist group and other terrorist organizations. Salman was arrested in November and will appear in an Oakland, California, federal court Wednesday seeking her release from jail pending her trial on charges of supporting her husband and lying to investigators. Attorney Haitham Amin said prosecutors have yet to turn over to Salman's legal team much of the evidence they have collected to make their case. Amin and court papers filed Tuesday by Salman's lead attorney Charles Swift say it appears Salman is charged with being present when her husband was making plans to attack the nightclub. In particular, Swift cites media accounts reporting that Salman accompanied Mateen on a "scouting trip" in a car to the nightclub in the days before the attack and that she was with her husband when he purchased ammunition at a Walmart near their Fort Pierce, Florida, home 120 miles southeast of Orlando. Swift wrote "the evidence will show that the purported scouting trip occurred while the family was on their way home from babysitting the children of a relative, that Mateen chose to drive into Orlando and to pass by the Pulse Night Club, and that Noor, who did not possess a driver's license at the time, was at most a reluctant passenger who wanted to go home." Federal authorities arrested Salman in November at her mother's suburban San Francisco home and charged her with aiding Mateen's support of the Islamic State and then lying to FBI agents and police investigating the Orlando nightclub attack. Salman and Mateen lived with their 3-year-old son in nearby Fort Pierce before the attack. Salman and her son moved in with an aunt in Mississippi immediately after the attacks before settling with her mother in her hometown of Rodeo, California, about 25 miles east of San Francisco. Details of the charges remained under seal Tuesday and the U.S. Attorney's office in San Francisco did not return phone calls from The Associated Press. Mateen told her he needed the ammo for his job as a security guard when she asked him about buying the ammunition, the court filing said. "Although Noor may have been present when Mateen was possibly making preparations, mere presence alone is insufficient to establish aiding and abetting," Swift wrote. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Weed 101: Colorado agriculture office shares pot know-how Weed 101: Colorado agriculture office shares pot know-how Posted: Friday, February 3 2017 3:27 AM EST2017-02-03 08:27:22 GMT Updated: Friday, February 3 2017 3:27 AM EST2017-02-03 08:27:22 GMT Colorado agriculture officials are moving past years of skepticism on regulating marijuanaMore >> Colorado agriculture officials are moving past years of skepticism on regulating marijuanaMore >> Guard killed at prison saved colleagues' lives, union says Guard killed at prison saved colleagues' lives, union says Posted: Friday, February 3 2017 3:27 AM EST2017-02-03 08:27:17 GMT Updated: Friday, February 3 2017 3:27 AM EST2017-02-03 08:27:17 GMT A corrections union official says the guard killed at Delaware's largest prison saved his colleagues' lives by warning them that the inmates had set a trapMore >> A corrections union official says the guard killed at Delaware's largest prison saved his colleagues' lives by warning them that the inmates had set a trapMore >> Federal judges to hear arguments defending Trump travel ban Federal judges to hear arguments defending Trump travel ban Posted: Friday, February 3 2017 2:49 AM EST2017-02-03 07:49:11 GMT Updated: Friday, February 3 2017 2:49 AM EST2017-02-03 07:49:11 GMT Federal judges on opposite coasts are due Friday to hear legal arguments defending President Donald Trump's travel ban on citizens from seven predominantly Muslim countries. More >> Federal judges on opposite coasts are due Friday to hear legal arguments defending President Donald Trump's travel ban on citizens from seven predominantly Muslim countriesMore >> Weed 101: Colorado agriculture office shares pot know-how Weed 101: Colorado agriculture office shares pot know-how Don't delayMore >> Don't delayMore >> Activist: I called protesters 'freakin' morons', not mayor Activist: I called protesters 'freakin' morons', not mayor A local activist has come forward to say he called protesters "freakin' morons" during a public meeting after the comments were captured on a live microphone and attributed to a Massachusetts mayor who apologized...More >> A local activist has come forward to say he called protesters "freakin' morons" during a public meeting after the comments were captured on a live microphone and attributed to a Massachusetts mayor who apologized for the remarksMore >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Pennsylvania groundhog's handlers: Phil predicts more winter Pennsylvania groundhog's handlers: Phil predicts more winter The handlers of Pennsylvania's most famous groundhog, Punxsutawney Phil, say he's seen his shadow and has "predicted" six more weeks of winter More >> The handlers of Pennsylvania's most famous groundhog, Punxsutawney Phil, say he's seen his shadow and has "predicted" six more weeks of winterMore >> Whoosh! Swish! Meet Bat Bot, the new flying batlike drone Whoosh! Swish! Meet Bat Bot, the new flying batlike drone Researchers have created Bat Bot, a soaring, sweeping and dive bombing robot that may eventually fly circles around other drones More >> Researchers have created Bat Bot, a soaring, sweeping and dive bombing robot that may eventually fly circles around other dronesMore >> Chicago police unveil new high-tech effort to fight crime Chicago police unveil new high-tech effort to fight crime The Chicago Police Department has unveiled new high-tech strategies and equipment for fighting crime as the city deals with increases in homicides and gang violence. More >> The Chicago Police Department has unveiled new high-tech strategies and equipment for fighting crime as the city deals with increases in homicides and gang violence.More >> Trump court pick earns GOP praise as he visits Capitol Hill Judge Neil Gorsuch, President Donald Trump's pick for the Supreme Court vacancy, is earning GOP praise as he visits Capitol Hill the morning after Trump announced his nomination Judge Neil Gorsuch, President Donald Trump's pick for the Supreme Court vacancy, is earning GOP praise as he visits Capitol Hill the morning after Trump announced his nomination More >> Judge Neil Gorsuch, President Donald Trump's pick for the Supreme Court vacancy, is earning GOP praise as he visits Capitol Hill the morning after Trump announced his nominationMore >> Harvard scholars: Travel ban deprives US of best, brightest Harvard scholars: Travel ban deprives US of best, brightest Harvard Medical School researchers say they're frustrated that President Donald Trump's travel ban is keeping bright new Iranian recruits from joining them in Boston More >> Harvard Medical School researchers say they're frustrated that President Donald Trump's travel ban is keeping bright new Iranian recruits from joining them in BostonMore >> Trump announcing Supreme Court pick Tuesday night Trump announcing Supreme Court pick Tuesday night President Donald Trump is ready to reveal his choice to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court, one of most consequential moves of his young administration and a decision with ramifications that could long outlast his time in office More >> President Donald Trump is ready to reveal his choice to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court, one of most consequential moves of his young administration and a decision with ramifications that could long outlast his time in officeMore >> Speaker defends Trump immigration order amid GOP concerns Speaker defends Trump immigration order amid GOP concerns House Speaker Paul Ryan is defending President Donald Trump's divisive executive order on refugees and immigration, arguing that while the rollout was bumpy, the policy is consistent with Republican principles. More >> House Speaker Paul Ryan is defending President Donald Trump's divisive executive order on refugees and immigration, arguing that while the rollout was bumpy, the policy is consistent with Republican principles.More >> Trump ban creates chaos for travelers in, out of the country Trump ban creates chaos for travelers in, out of the country From Dubai to Los Angeles, President Donald Trump's order barring travelers from seven Muslim countries has thrown the lives of thousands into limbo More >> From Dubai to Los Angeles, President Donald Trump's order barring travelers from seven Muslim countries has thrown the lives of thousands into limboMore >> Trump ban creates chaos for travelers in, out of the country Trump ban creates chaos for travelers in, out of the country From Dubai to Los Angeles, President Donald Trump's order barring travelers from seven Muslim countries has thrown the lives of thousands into limbo More >> From Dubai to Los Angeles, President Donald Trump's order barring travelers from seven Muslim countries has thrown the lives of thousands into limboMore >> Trump courts Jordan's king amid embassy, refugee concerns Trump courts Jordan's king amid embassy, refugee concerns King Abdullah II of Jordan's visit to Washington is testing President Donald Trump's ability to maintain Arab alliances More >> King Abdullah II of Jordan's visit to Washington is testing President Donald Trump's ability to maintain Arab alliancesMore >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 19° Clear High: 37° | Low: 16° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Schools & Education Community News Special Features The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. Paul LePage President-elect Donald Trump 2016 Election Results Business More in Business Business Breakfast A Word with the Boss On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports New England Patriots Super Bowl 2017 Boston Celtics Boston Bruins Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Letters Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener 2017 Source Sustainability Awards: Call for Nominations Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Scene & Heard Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku Maine Today Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Business Posted January 31 Updated January 31 increase font size Wal-Mart shipping program sent packing after 8 months ShippingPass subscribers – who paid a $49 annual fee – will be issued refunds as the service is eliminated. By Molly SmithBloomberg Share Comment Read Article Wal-Mart Stores is scrapping its ShippingPass program, which struggled to compete with Amazon.com’s Prime, opting instead for a two-day shipping model that doesn’t have annual membership fees. Subscribers of ShippingPass, which had offered two-day delivery for a $49 membership, will receive refunds as the service is eliminated, Wal-Mart said in a statement. The new approach – rolled out Tuesday morning – offers the same shipping speed for free to anyone who makes a minimum purchase. The turnabout underscores Wal-Mart’s uphill battle against Amazon, which has locked in tens of millions of subscribers with its annual Prime membership. ShippingPass wasn’t able to lure away enough of those customers, and many shoppers have come to expect fast delivery without having to pay a separate fee. “In today’s world of e-commerce, two-day free shipping is table stakes,” Marc Lore, CEO of Wal-Mart’s online operations, said on a conference call. “It no longer makes sense to charge for it.” The move also shows that Jet.com, the e-commerce startup Wal-Mart acquired in September, is now setting the agenda for its online operations. Lore, Jet’s former CEO, is focusing the new service on essential, everyday items, such as home goods, pet products and electronics. Shoppers will have to spend $35 to get the free two-day shipping, the same amount Jet requires. Lore called it a “pretty darn compelling” value proposition. At Amazon, in contrast, non-Prime members have to pay about $50 to get that delivery speed. The now-abandoned ShippingPass service began offering a two-day delivery service in May – down from three – and had required a $50 minimum order. The retailer declined to say how many people will get a refund. Wal-Mart, based in Bentonville, Arkansas, aims to encourage more frequent shopping and lock in customers, something that Amazon’s Prime has achieved with its subscribers. Prime carries an annual $99 fee, but that service includes perks like free movies and TV shows. Since Wal-Mart completed its $3.3 billion acquisition of Jet, the retail giant has made a big push to catch up to Amazon. The integration has largely taken place at the managerial level so far, eliminating staff from Wal-Mart’s online team and elevating Jet executives to take on a more prominent role in the division. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. More Like This Nation & World Tech industry’s opposition to Trump escalates Nation & World R.I. lawmaker fired from waitress job Business Workers adding more to 401k accounts and taking out fewer loans against them Business Ralph Lauren CEO Stefan Larsson stepping down Recent Read Shared At a glance: The Johnson Amendment Major league notebook: Cardinals reach deal with Martinez Former basketball player's journey is of hope and healing Boys' hockey: Cape Elizabeth surges to overtime victory NBA roundup: Wizards keep on winning Recreational marijuana is now legal in Maine. Here's what you need to know Time Warner cheated customers on internet speed, New York AG says This message appeared in huge letters on an Acadia beach Ku Klux Klan fliers shock residents of Freeport, Augusta neighborhoods Saco woman remembered for unfailing kindness An Italian lawmaker wants to make it a crime for parents to feed their kids vegan diets These lobster buoys feed birds rather than marking traps Estefans to feed homeless as their music starts Macy's parade Solidarity Harvest corrals massive food drive to feed 8,000 Seaweed can help feed the world – but will we eat it? Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Blogs Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
Wharton, University of Pennsylvania The K@W Network: English 简体中文 繁體中文 Español Portugués Log In Register Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Rows Knowledge @ Wharton Search World Search Topics Finance Innovation Leadership Marketing Management Public Policy Social Impact Technology Regions North America Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa Global Focus Research K@W Radio More Books Videos Opinion Sponsor Collaborations Reports About About Us Our Team Media Room News Feeds Partnerships Feedback Public Policy Do Trade Agreements Lead to Income Inequality? Feb 01, 2017 Business Ethics Law and Public Policy Opinion Global Focus North America Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote The arguments being pushed by the Trump administration regarding tariffs and related restrictive trade policies are off the mark because they overlook two crucial issues, according to Wharton dean Geoffrey Garrett: “Rapid technological change coupled with economic stagnation have caused more of the pain felt in Middle America than free trade.” In this opinion piece, Garrett also notes that while free trade lowers the cost of goods and services, it also produces economic winners and losers. The key to maintaining the positive aspects of trade — and offsetting the negatives — is to provide compensation in some way for the economic losers, he writes. (This article originally appeared on LinkedIn). After 25 years mired in a backwater of wonky acronyms — FTAs and NTBs, TPP and TTIP — trade policy is today front and center. In his first week as president, Donald Trump started by removing the U.S. from the Trans-Pacific Partnership championed by Barack Obama, and then signaled he is seriously considering a 20% border tax on imports from countries like China and Mexico. I don’t want to get into a detailed accounting of the pluses and minuses of free trade agreements — they tend to be small net economic positives; often their geopolitical implications are more important. Nor do I want to go into the complex consequences of implementing a border tax — if you tax an imported component that goes into a “Made in America” car, that will hurt, not protect, American autoworkers (not to mention car buyers). Instead, I want to make three broader points, in increasing order of importance: The first point is the core homily of international economics. But it bears repeating, because it is true. Free trade improves living standards primarily because it lowers the cost of goods and services we buy. Clothes and appliances are cheaper in Walmart stores in America because many of those products are sourced overseas. iPhones would be more expensive if they were made in America, rather than assembled in China from parts made in Germany, Japan and Korea. We have tended to pay less attention to the second point about the distributed impact of trade, as opposed to its aggregate consequences. Free trade generates (concentrated) losers who need compensation for their losses. Political economists have always understood the asymmetric impact of trade. While the winners are dispersed (all consumers), the losers are concentrated (people whose jobs go offshore). This creates political pressures for protection. But because the aggregate gains from trade outweigh the concentrated losses, governments can maintain policies of free trade by using some of the gains to compensate the losers. “Income inequality increased more in the 1990s than it has in the past decade.” The social democratic bastion of Sweden, for example, has long been a free trader because it is good for the economy as a whole. But Swedish governments then use some of the gains from trade to compensate the losers from trade — with a generous welfare state and extensive retraining programs for dislocated workers. So free trade and the welfare state go together, not only in Sweden but throughout northern Europe. Sponsored Content: One could argue that the U.S. should be more like Sweden, staying the course on free trade, cushioning the costs of job losses in the short term, and giving dislocated workers the skills they need to compete. Needless to say — and unfortunately, from my perspective — telling Americans their country should become more Swedish is a non-starter. Instead, the American-led free trade ethos is under more threat today than at any time since 1945 because regular citizens blame their economic woes on trade. I believe this view is largely mistaken, and that is my third and most important point. Rapid technological change coupled with economic stagnation have caused more of the pain felt in Middle America than free trade. That means the path forward for the U.S. is to stimulate more economic growth and to help more people benefit from technological change, not to close the door on trade. Let me make this point by comparing the decade of the 1990s (when trade really took off in the U.S.) with the last decade (2006-2015). In the 1990s, inequality in the U.S. increased considerably. But people at all parts of the income distribution did better in absolute terms. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the real income of American households in the top 20% (quintile) of the income distribution increased by over 25% during the 1990s. This increase was more than twice as fast as for the bottom and middle quintiles, but people in the lower 60% of households still experience more than 1o% growth in real incomes. Contrast this with the last decade. Income inequality has increased, but not as much as in the 1990s (measured by the gap between the changes in income at the bottom and top of the U.S. income distribution). Real incomes (that is, correcting for inflation to reflect purchasing power) in the top quintile only increased by 2.4% from 2006 to 2015. But they declined by -6.6% for the bottom quintile, and were completely flat in the bottom half of the income distribution. In sum, income inequality increased more in the 1990s than it has in the past decade. The difference is that everyone in America has done less well in the past decade than they did in the 1990s. And the people at the bottom of the income distribution have become absolutely worse off since 2006. What explains these outcomes? Listening to the Trump administration, your one-word answer would be “trade.” But that answer is at best incomplete. Indeed, I think it is mostly wrong. Most economists think “skill-biased technological change” (i.e., the internet) has more to do with the problems for people on lower incomes (and with less skills). Moreover, the biggest story in the U.S. is how poor the U.S.’s growth record has been in recent years, certainly when compared with the 1990s. The data in the above table is from the World Bank’s World Development Indicators (my go-to source on global economic statistics). Here is what it tells me. In the 1990s, trade (exports + imports) represented 21.5% of U.S. GDP — very small by the standards of developed economies, but understandable given the massive size of the American domestic market. The internet was born in the 1990s, but only one in eight people had access to it. Annual economic growth was 3.2%, about a percentage point less than the 20 years after World War II, but very strong compared with what followed. Compare this with the last decade. Trade was still less than 30% of GDP, three-quarters of Americans had access to the internet, but the average growth rate dropped to 1.3%. “The biggest change in the American labor market is the impact of technological change, not rising trade.” In terms of changes from the 1990s to the last decade, trade grew by about one-third — a big change, no doubt. But internet penetration increased by 600%. And growth shrank by 60%. Both changes dwarf that for trade. These very simple comparisons make a point that I believe is consistent with more rigorous analysis. The biggest change in the American labor market is the impact of technological change, not rising trade. And the biggest story for the standards of living of American households is the dramatic decrease in the growth rate (if anything, rising trade has increased growth). What that means to me is that the two biggest challenges facing the Trump administration are: 1. to increase the growth rate, and 2. to help more Americans benefit from the IT revolution. Trump’s proposed tax cuts and infrastructure spending should help with growth. Things like online education should help more Americans gain the basic IT skills needed for so many jobs today. Trade is an obvious political whipping boy. But it isn’t justified by the economics. We can only hope the protectionist impulses of the Trump administration stay more in the realm of rhetoric than reality, symbols rather than tariffs. Citing Knowledge@Wharton Close For Personal use: Please use the following citations to quote for personal use: MLA "Do Trade Agreements Lead to Income Inequality?." Knowledge@Wharton. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 01 February, 2017. Web. 03 February, 2017 <http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/do-trade-agreements-lead-to-income-inequality/> APA Do Trade Agreements Lead to Income Inequality?. Knowledge@Wharton (2017, February 01). Retrieved from http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/do-trade-agreements-lead-to-income-inequality/ Chicago "Do Trade Agreements Lead to Income Inequality?" Knowledge@Wharton, February 01, 2017, accessed February 03, 2017. http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/do-trade-agreements-lead-to-income-inequality/ For Educational/Business use: Please contact us for repurposing articles, podcasts, or videos using our content licensing contact form. Additional Reading Public Policy Lone Wolf: The Legacy of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia With Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch being compared to Antonin Scalia, it’s a good time to revisit Scalia’s legacy. Management Who’s Going to Save American Jobs? Tackling unemployment and the “skills gap” needs to happen at the corporate, state and local levels, experts say. Sponsored Content Electronics Recycling: Competing Certifications Create Confusion The case for electronic recycling has never been stronger, and the excuses for not doing it have never been thinner. “Recycling electronics is becoming easier by the day,” reports The New York Times. But ease of recycling is not the[…]   Join The Discussion One Comment So Far Log In or sign up to comment James Murphy This argument is consistent with the Ivory Tower theory of free trade but antithetical to the real world experience of the United States. In the real world from shortly after the War of 1812 until the Kennedy Round of tariff reductions of in 1967 the United States was the most tariff protected nation on earth. According to the theory of free trade we should have suffered from low technology, low job creation, low wages, and high prices. Instead we prospered. We were a world leader in technolgy, created many jobs at high wages, all while prices went down. We also surpassed free trade Great Britain as the leading Industrial on earth. The Ivory Tower theory assumes tariffs lead to high prices Because there is no competition. That has not been the American experience. Tariffs did not generate high consumers prices. What happened was as tariffs were applied initially prices went up. New producers entered the market to take that high price. Competition among those producers led to efficiency which led to lower prices. The real wages of blue collar workers peaked in 1972 and are down since. All other things being equal a decline in prices will make real wages increase. The fact that they are down means either free trade did not actually produce lower prices and/or wage declines overpoweraed price declines. Either way free trade had made most of our citizens poorer. If technology reduced employment how did the Industrial Revolution ever happen? The notion that employment decline is caused by technology is an illusion. Technology takes away jobs but creates more jobs. When the jobs are lost here and the new jobs are outsourced it creates the illusion that jobs are lost to technology. We once had many jobs in this country making telephones that are now obsolete. Even with all the improved manufacturing techniques there is more manpower devoted to making telephones for the domestic market than ever before because we buy more of them and we do not wait 20 years to replace them. Yet domestic employment to make them is zero. As in free trade kills jobs by outsourcing. Every Republican president from Abraham Lincoln in 1860 to Alf Landon in 1936 ran on a platform that promised tariff protection. All who won delivered. Senators Prescott Bush and Barry Goldwater voted against the Kennedy Round of tariff reductions. Donald Trump is taking the Republican Party back to its roots. Free trade is an Ivory Tower theory protected by a bodyguard of lies. The wealth of our middle class was created with tariff protection and lost with free trade. Knowledge@Wharton Partners View All Partners Partner Collaborations Become a Content Partner The Wharton School is committed to sharing its intellectual capital through the school’s online business journal, Knowledge@Wharton. Podcasts Hear what CEOs, Wharton faculty, and other commentators have to say about the latest business trends, breaking news and market research in their own words. Listen Now stay informed Get Knowledge@Wharton delivered to your inbox every week. Follow us on: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn About Knowledge@Wharton Become a Content Partner Privacy Policy Feedback All materials copyright of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business There's one thing missing from the new Trump hotel World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? The Feed CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India Markets Trump's first jobs report: 3 things to know Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance Couples are spending a record amount to get married Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz 'We are entrepreneurs, professors, scientists, artists' Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Glide your way through a Phoenix business trip Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out The Buzz Apple has $246 BILLION in cash, nearly all overseas by Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz February 1, 2017: 10:39 AM ET The original iPhone almost looked like this Apple continues to mint money. The maker of iEverything had $246.1 billion in cash and investments on its balance sheet as of the end of its most recent quarter, up nearly $10 billion from the end of September. That's a new record for non-financial companies. (Banks tend to have a lot more cash than most other companies for operational purposes.) To put this into context, if Apple's cash were a separate company, it would be the 13th most valuable in the S&P 500. Apple is the most valuable, of course. The remaining eleven are Google-parent Alphabet, Microsoft, Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway, Amazon, Facebook, ExxonMobil, Johnson & Johnson, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, GE and AT&T. Apple's cash pile is bigger than the market values of Procter & Gamble (PG), Bank of America (BAC), Chevron (CVX) and Walmart (WMT). And if President Trump and congressional leaders get their way, Apple (AAPL, Tech30) and other cash hoarders may soon be able to put this money to work in the United States instead of having it sitting in foreign bank accounts collecting interest -- not to mention dust. Apple CFO Luca Maestri said during the company's conference call with analysts on Tuesday that $230.2 billion of its cash -- 94% of it -- was being held overseas. President Trump has called for a one-time tax cut to bring back -- or repatriate -- the cash that big businesses have in foreign accounts. Microsoft (MSFT, Tech30), Alphabet (GOOGL, Tech30), Cisco (CSCO, Tech30) and Oracle (ORCL, Tech30) also have a significant chunk of their cash overseas. Trump is hoping that Apple and these other tech giants could use this cash to hire more American workers. Skeptics claim that companies will be more likely to boost dividends, buy back more stock and maybe acquire companies. That could be good for investors, but not for average Americans who have little (if any) exposure to the stock market. Related: Apple considering legal action over Trump's travel ban Apple CEO Tim Cook said during the conference call that he was "optimistic" that there will be "some sort of tax reform this year," adding that there are "people in both parties that would favor repatriation as a part of that." Cook hinted Apple might use the money on deals. In response to a question from Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty about uses for its cash, he said tax reform would be "very good for the country and good for Apple" and added that "we are always looking at acquisitions." So what could Apple buy with all of its cash? If it wanted (and I'm not suggesting at all that it will...this list is meant for the purposes of fun only) Apple could make a bigger move into media. It could buy Disney or NBCUniversal/DreamWorks Animation parent Comcast -- and have more than $65 billion left for a proverbial rainy day. Or Apple could scoop up Fox, CBS, Viacom and CNN owner Time Warner too. And it would still have about $70 billion more in its bank account. Related: Apple ends earnings losing streak with solid quarter Of course, there are obvious antitrust issues with this fanciful scenario, not to mention the fact that Time Warner already has agreed to sell itself to AT&T. But Apple could go another (admittedly monopolistic) route in the world of media. Salesforce chief digital evangelist Vala Afshar crunched the numbers and tweeted that Apple could buy EVERY team in all four professional U.S sports leagues. Apple has $246 billion in cash. It could buy all:@NFL teams🏈@NBA teams🏀@MLB teams⚾️@NHL teams🏒 ... and still have $94 billion left.— Vala Afshar (@ValaAfshar) January 31, 2017 I wonder if this includes the new expansion NHL team in Sin City though? The Vegas Golden Knights won't hit the ice until the new hockey season starts in the fall of 2017. Another Twitter user looked at economic statistics and found that Apple would be a pretty large country if it were to become its own iNation. Wow - Apple's $246B cash hoard is more than the GDP of Finland ($239B), Chile ($234B), Bangladesh ($226B) and 145 other countries.— Andy Leaver (@AndyLeaver) February 1, 2017 An iPhone in every house and a future Apple Car (if you believe the rumors) in every garage from President Cook of the United States of Apple? Probably not. It's also worth noting that Apple has been borrowing a lot in the past few years, despite having all that cash overseas. Apple's long-term debt load did fall slightly in the most recent quarter, but still stands at $73.6 billion. Still, investors love the fact that Apple's sales and earnings are back on track and that the company is increasing its cash levels too. The stock surged more than 6% Wednesday, helping to boost the overall market. Now we just need to see what Cook will do with all that Apple dough -- and how President Trump will respond to those plans. CNNMoney (New York) First published February 1, 2017: 10:39 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Couples are spending a record amount to get married 20 million Indians just got a 50% tax cut Apple has $246 BILLION in cash, nearly all overseas Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner A jaw-dropping 40,000 point bonus has arrived 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Home News Grand Rapids Allegan County Barry County Ionia County Kent County Kzoo and BC Muskegon County Montcalm County Ottawa County Southwest Mich Michigan National To The Point Live video Gas Prices Traffic Conditions Weather Alerts Almanac Bill’s Blog Closings & Delays Current Conditions Forecast Power Outages Radar Rivers Satellite SatRad Severe Webcams Target 8 Report It Photo Galleries Sports Michigan Sports Scores Red Wings Griffins Pistons NCAA Hoops Lions NCAA Football River Bank Run High School Tigers Whitecaps Football Frenzy eightWest Ask The Expert Reveal A New You Contests Entertainment Social Sizzle Community Connecting With Community Awards Calendar Pet of the Week More Blogs Email Alerts Text Alerts School Closing Emails Weather Warn Emails Submit Your Closing Mobile apps and sites About Us Contact Us Our Staff TV Schedule Drone 8 Obituaries 18° F Overcast Hi: 20° F Lo: 12° F Forecast Radar Bill’s Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Grand Rapids Allegan County Barry County Ionia County Kent County Kzoo and BC Muskegon County Montcalm County Ottawa County Southwest Mich Michigan National To The Point Live video Gas Prices Traffic Conditions Featured: News Links President Trump's first 100 days Weekly Quiz Latest Headlines Kalamazoo public schools board approves new weapons policy February 2, 2017 The school board has approved the banning of students, staff and visitors from possessing, storing or using a weapon on district property. Serious winter storm possible next week February 2, 2017 A snow and ice-producing storm is possible for West Michigan next week. Prosecutor: Taking jail cell notes didn’t violate Willis’s rights February 2, 2017 GR museum lowers admission cost as result of millage February 2, 2017 Belding passes on Greenville rivalry game February 2, 2017 Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Bill’s Blog Closings & Delays Current Conditions Forecast Power Outages Radar Rivers Satellite SatRad Severe Webcams Current Conditions 18° F Overcast Feels Like: 5° F Wind: WNW 12 Humidity: 62% Dewpoint: 7° F Sunrise: 7:54 AM Sunset: 5:58 PM Grand Rapids Weather Forecast Radar Currently Webcams Sponsored by: Target 8 Report It Photo Galleries Sports Sports Michigan Sports Scores Red Wings Griffins Pistons NCAA Hoops Lions NCAA Football River Bank Run High School Tigers Whitecaps Football Frenzy Latest Headlines Ellenson learning on the job with the Drive February 2, 2017 Henry Ellenson has been shuttled back and forth between Detroit and Grand Rapids, where he’s getting pro game experience. Belding passes on Greenville rivalry game February 2, 2017 A long-storied West Michigan football rivalry has been put on hold for the next two years. Jimmy Howard may play for Griffins on Saturday February 2, 2017 Feb. 1 hoops roundup: D-League and college February 1, 2017 Caldwell-Pope scores 38 in Pistons’ win over Pelicans February 1, 2017 eightWest eightWest Ask The Expert Reveal A New You Contests Entertainment Social Sizzle Latest Headlines Help struggling families heat their homes: Walk for Warmth 2017 February 2, 2017 Consumers Energy is partnering with local community agencies to organize more than thirty Walk for Warmth events across West Michigan. Go Red! in February for heart health February 2, 2017 The American Heart Association has ways to stay heart healthy. The sweet sounds of Josh Rose February 2, 2017 100% Michigan made gin coming to Long Road Distillers February 2, 2017 CARE Ballet presents The Pied Piper this weekend February 2, 2017 Community Community Connecting With Community Awards Calendar Pet of the Week Latest Headlines Local Industrial Company Receives Innovation Award February 2, 2017 A local family business is recognized for its commitment to industry advancements. Over $100,000 raised at Soup’s On January 31, 2017 The community came together to help raise money for God’s Kitchen. Soup’s On For All fundraiser to help local food pantries January 30, 2017 KCAS Pets of the Week: Little Mama and Mary January 27, 2017 Tough health advice? Just Ask Mary! January 27, 2017 More Blogs Email Alerts Text Alerts School Closing Emails Weather Warn Emails Submit Your Closing Mobile apps and sites About Us Contact Us Our Staff TV Schedule Drone 8 Obituaries Search for: Search the site 18° F Overcast Hi: 20° F Lo: 12° F 3rd GR resident charged in mid-Michigan double homicide Brothers already charged with murder after bodies found in Wal-Mart parking lot The Associated Press and 24 Hour News 8 web staff Published: February 1, 2017, 4:01 pm Updated: February 1, 2017, 5:02 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Erin Mongar's booking photo from the Shiawassee County Jail. Related Coverage Bodies of 2 Flint men found in car parked outside Wal-Mart Police: GR brothers suspected in mid-MI double homicide Grand Rapids brothers charged with mid-MI double murder CORUNNA, Mich. (AP/WOOD) — A third suspect has been charged in the shooting deaths of two men found dead in an SUV outside a mid-Michigan Wal-Mart store. Erin Mongar of Grand Rapids was arraigned Wednesday on two counts each of felony murder and armed robbery and single counts of conspiracy to commit arm robbery and a firearms charge. A probable cause hearing is set for Feb. 8. Police say the 34-year-old Mongar drove the getaway car in the slayings of 31-year-old Joseph Carson and 39-year-old Anthony Hammond of Flint. Their bodies were found Friday near Owosso. Police say the slayings stemmed from a deal to sell marijuana that was arranged online via Craigslist. LEFT: Anthony Holloway RIGHT: Otis Smith Grand Rapids brothers Otis Lee Smith, 31, and Anthony Holloway, 23, are also charged with murder, armed robbery and weapons charges in the double homicide. Michigan State Police told 24 Hour News 8 that Mongar is Smith’s girlfriend. Court records show they share a home on Griggs Street SW, where police executed a search warrant on Tuesday. All three suspects are being held without bond in the Shiawassee County Jail. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest More LinkedIn Tumblr Reddit Related Posts Bodies of 2 Flint men found in car parked outside Wal-Mart Police: GR brothers suspected in mid-MI double homicide Grand Rapids brothers charged with mid-MI double murder 1 dead in San Antonio shopping mall shooting Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending now on WOODTV.com Photo Galleries Photos: Inside the Auto Show Charity Spectacular Photos: 20 Monroe Live preview party Photos: Soup’s On! 2017 Photos: Perrin Brewing’s Ice Jam Winter Festival Photos: Weller Hunting Expo 2017 Featured on eightWest Help struggling families heat their homes: Walk for Warmth 2017 Go Red! in February for heart health The sweet sounds of Josh Rose 100% Michigan made gin coming to Long Road Distillers CARE Ballet presents The Pied Piper this weekend Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WOODTV.com © 1998-2017 woodtv.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Sports Community eightWest Ask The Expert Reveal a New You Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File Closed Captioning Concerns EEO Report Children’s TV Report Partners WOTV 4 Women Media General Station About Us Contact Us Our Staff TV Schedule Jobs at WOOD TV8 Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In The Paint In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Wabash Valley Classic Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Moore to the Story Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery 22° F Overcast Hi: 30° F Lo: 14° F Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Latest Headlines Guard killed at prison saved colleagues’ lives, union says Updated: 4 mins ago SMYRNA, Del. (AP) — Forced into a closet by inmates at Delaware’s largest prison, Sgt. Steven Floyd called out to officers coming to his aid… Romania: justice minister stands by diluted graft law Updated: 4 mins ago BUCHAREST, Romania (AP) — Romania’s justice minister says he stands by a law diluting the country’s anti-corruption fight, defying strong cr… With unity elusive, GOP talks more of repairing health law Updated: 24 mins ago Philippine president ends ceasefire with communist rebels Updated: 24 mins ago Seoul says North Korea has fired its security chief Updated: 24 mins ago Weather Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Current Conditions 22° F Overcast Feels Like: 11° F Wind: N 10 Humidity: 60% Dewpoint: 10° F Sunrise: 7:54 AM Sunset: 6:12 PM Terre Haute Weather Forecast Radar Tower Cam Satellite Sponsored by: Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In The Paint In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Wabash Valley Classic Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Moore to the Story Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery Search for: Search the site 22° F Overcast Hi: 30° F Lo: 14° F Developer eyes east side land for new business in Terre Haute By Hunter Petroviak Published: February 1, 2017, 3:49 pm Updated: February 1, 2017, 6:51 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) – Terre Haute shoppers could soon have a new option. That’s as a developer submits a request for rezoning. It’s for a stretch of area along state road 46 that is being designated a commercial hub. Jared Bayler with Vigo County Area Planning says they’re excited for the potential a new business brings. “We’ve anticipated for years now that, kind of like a steam engine, that commercial development would pick up speed and pick up some momentum out there,” Bayler said. The area has seen growth since Walmart came to the east side in 2006. The latest large development being Meijer. All good signs according to Bayler. “When you have regional draws, or anchor stores such as the two big department stores that are out there, that increases traffic flow in a region,” Bayler said. “The increased traffic flow then brings that same area to the attention of other developers.” Despite all the development, Terre Haute residents have some thoughts on what they’d like to see come to the east side. “Well the changes are good but we still need some stuff like some really nice restaurants, maybe a night club,” Reither Young said. “We need more access to auto repair,” Robert Blessing said. “We need stuff like this out here. We should have a Denny’s. A 24 hour restaurant. There should be a place where we can stop in and get a bite to eat.” Bayler says that’s what their office works to do. All in order to help that area continue to grow. “The greater diversity that we have, as far as commercial businesses, the greater draw it is for that area,” Bayler said. “So if we can encourage multiple anchor stores with satellites that offer a diversity of goods, we can create an additional draw to that area.” Now, there’s no official word on what exactly could be coming to this area. But of course we’ll continue to keep a close eye on this story. The rezoning request goes before area planning Wednesday at 7 p.m. at the Vigo County Annex. City council is set to hear the request on Thursday at their Sunshine Meeting. Here’s a list of developments on the east side: – 2006: Walmart – 2008: Riddell Bank – 2009: Vigo County Federal Credit Union – 2011: Holiday Inn – 2011: Sycamore Terrace Apartments – 2015: Meijer Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts New pizza place location to open next month City Council hears public views on proposed casino Tobacco Ban Proposed for ISU Campus Duke Energy: Large power outage on south side of Terre Haute was caused by squirrel Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Follow Hunter Hunter Petroviak Photo Galleries THPD SRT called to Red Roof Inn Heroic actions help two escape Terre Haute apartment fire; victims listed in critical but stable condition Hello Santa! PHOTOS: Items confiscated by TSA Holiday shopping 2016: This year’s most dangerous toys Dec. 13: Snow in the Wabash Valley PHOTOS: Santa’s North Pole home valued at $656,957 Photos: Light Your Way Christmas Parade Go Orange to help support awareness for hunger problems Photos: Going Blue for Diabetes Photos: Celebrating Veterans Day 2016 Operation: Honor Flight, Part 1 Photos: Kevin’s No Shave November progress WTHI is taking part in No Shave November Haircuts with a purpose; support members in your community battling cancer Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTHITV.com © 2000-2017 Terre Haute TV, LLC . All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News News Local Crime Education Health News Illinois Indiana Southern Indiana US & World On Your Side Photo Galleries Digital Download Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Healthy Living Make a Difference Pet Saver Golden Apple Weather Forecast Radar Closings and Delays Weather Alerts Tower Cams Satellite Severe Weather Current Conditions Text Alerts Weather Pics Weather App More Community Calendar Pump Watch Television Schedule Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Lottery Job Watch 10 Sports Sports College High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State MLB NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Station About WTHI-TV Advertise Contact WTHI-TV Email & Text Alerts Child Programming FCC Public File EEO Report Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Trump likely to face questions over travel ban in meeting with CEOs Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Politics | Wed Feb 1, 2017 | 6:10pm EST Trump likely to face questions over travel ban in meeting with CEOs U.S. President Donald Trump announces his nomination of Neil Gorsuch to be an associate justice of the U.S. Supreme Court at the White House in Washington, D.C., U.S., January 31, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria By David Shepardson | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump will likely face questions about his executive order restricting some travel to the United States when he meets with the CEOs of major U.S. companies at the White House on Friday. Companies whose chief executives are expected to attend the meeting of the president's business advisory panel include JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), General Motors Co (GM.N), Blackstone Group LP (BX.N), IBM Corp (IBM.N), Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] and Walt Disney Co (DIS.N), two officials briefed on the meeting said on Wednesday. Activists are already pressuring the CEOs to raise concerns about the travel restrictions at the meeting, which comes at the end of another turbulent week for the Trump administration. Trump's order last Friday, barring travel into the United States by people from seven Muslim-majority countries, touched off public protests and stirred unease among employees at many big U.S. companies. CEOs have been faced with difficult choices to either criticize Trump's move at a time when they are trying to win White House support on tax and trade policies, or remain silent and take heat from consumers and employees dismayed by the order. The Trump administration says the travel ban is aimed at strengthening national security. Backlash over the measure knocked the wind out of the post-inaugural stock market rally, although major indexes rebounded on Wednesday. Trump's executive order put a 120-day halt on the U.S. refugee program, barred Syrian refugees indefinitely and imposed a 90-day suspension on people from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. Along with protests it has prompted legal challenges in the United States and drawn criticism from several leading U.S. companies. Among those critics, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick wrote in an email to employees Saturday that "the ban will impact many innocent people — an issue that I will raise this coming Friday when I go to Washington for President Trump’s first business advisory group meeting." Trump will kick off the two-hour meeting with an address lasting 10-15 minutes and will be followed by Stephen Schwarzman, the billionaire founder of private equity group Blackstone (BX.N), who chairs the panel and assembled it at Trump's request. Four topics will be discussed -- regulatory relief, women in the work force, tax and trade, and infrastructure -- with two to three people talking briefly about each subject to help shape “how the administration should be thinking,” according to a person familiar with the matter. Investors said the CEOs would be mindful of Trump's penchant for rebuking companies publicly. "Given recent history, being called out publicly is something that the CEOs in that room and other CEOs will absolutely be mindful to avoid," said Jim Russell, vice president at Bahl & Gaynor Inc, which oversees $17 billion and owns shares in several of the companies attending Friday's meeting. "I'm sure they will pick their fights carefully and articulate them carefully." It was not clear if all 19 members of the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum would attend Friday's meeting. Other members include the CEOs of Tesla Inc (TSLA.O), Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N) and Boeing Co (BA.N). Tesla founder Elon Musk said this week that the travel order should be modified and he would seek a consensus among members of the advisory council. Ford Motor Co (F.N) Executive Chairman Bill Ford Jr. and CEO Mark Fields have also criticized the travel measure. GM has declined to take a position. On Wednesday, a group of religious investors, human rights groups other activists urged members of the business advisory panel to speak out against the travel restrictions at the meeting with Trump. In a joint letter to the corporate leaders, the group said Trump's order "undermines respect for human rights and the lives of workers and their families in the U.S. and beyond, and disrupts economic activity and company operations." The letter was signed by dozens of people, including representatives of firms focused on socially-responsible investing like Calvert Research and Management and Domini Impact Investments. Others included representatives of the International Corporate Accountability Roundtable, the Institute for Human Rights and Business and the Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility. Companies that have been most critical of Trump's immigration orders include Netflix Inc (NFLX.O), Apple Inc (AAPL.O), and Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O), none of which form part of the business advisory panel. (Reporting by David Shepardson in Washington, D.C. Additional reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt in New York and Ross Kerber in Boston.; Editing by Frances Kerry and Tom Brown) Next In Politics Trump vows to end prohibition on church political activity WASHINGTON President Donald Trump on Thursday vowed to free churches and other tax-exempt institutions of a 1954 U.S. law banning political activity, drawing fire from critics who accused him of rewarding his evangelical Christian supporters and turning houses of worship into political machines. Uber CEO quits Trump's business advisory group SAN FRANCISCO/WASHINGTON Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick quit President Donald Trump's business advisory group on Thursday amid mounting pressure from activists and employees who oppose the administration's immigration policies. Tillerson, on first day, addresses dissent and calls Mexico, Canada WASHINGTON U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson called for unity and understanding on his first day at the State Department amid internal dissent over policies of President Donald Trump, which have also antagonized a range of allies. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Pictures of the month Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Toggle navigation Celebrity Gossip Fashion Weddings Babies Hair Pets News Sports Politics TV Movies Javi Marroquin: I Can't Stand Kailyn Lowry's New Boyfriend! by Tyler Johnson at February 1, 2017 3:25 pm. Comments Yesterday, we reported on the considerable drama and confusion surrounding the possibility that Javi Marroquin walked in on Kailyn Lowry with another man during filming for the current season of Teen Mom 2. At the time of the alleged incident, Javi and Kailyn were already living in separate homes and working out the terms of their divorce, but it made for a tense standoff and a lot of he-said, she-said with regard to what really went down. The problem, it seems, is that Kailyn lied to Javi about her whereabouts, telling him she was at Wal-Mart and he would have to wait to drop off their son, when in fact, she was at home with the new dude in her life. To make matters worse, he claims that she misled him, and insisted that the mystery man was a platonic friend, when in fact, he's the new love in her life. Javi claims he's pissed not that Kailyn has found someone new, but that she lied both about her whereabouts and about the nature of her relationship, despite having previously expressed a desire for a completely open and honest co-parenting relationship. Now, Javi has revealed that he also just plain doesn't like Kailyn's new man. “I have my reasons,” Marroquin told Radar when asked why he's no fan of the guy. “I don’t care about that. Well I kind of do, but that’s not important.” The guy apparently won't be making many appearances on TM2, and he's asked that his identity be kept under wraps, but it seems he's wrapped up in the constant drama of Kailyn's life nonetheless. A source close to Kailyn confirms that the relationship between Lowry and her new boyfriend has “slowly progressed from friendship into what it is now.” The same insider adds that both Kailyn and her new man would like to keep their relationship off camera as much as possible: “For the past eight years her whole life has been public and scrutinized and blasted everywhere, this is something happy she wants to just keep private,” the source says. “Plus the guy wants nothing to do with the TV world or any of the drama that comes with it.” So it looks as though Kailyn's refusal to film until producers agreed to leave certain parts of her life out of the show was successful. Could be a slippery slope. Watch Teen Mom 2 online before the other ladies follow her lead, and the show is reduced to 60 minutes of top-notch parenting. We're thinking it's gonna happen fast. Kailyn Lowry & Javi Marroquin Divorce: A Timeline of Destruction Start Gallery Edit Delete Share Tweet Email Follow Kailyn Lowry? Facebook Disqus Tags: Kailyn Lowry, Javi Marroquin, Teen Mom, Celebrity Gossip Kailyn Lowry Javi Marroquin: I Can't Stand Kailyn Lowry's New Boyfriend! Kailyn Lowry: Caught Cheating By Javi Marroquin?! Kailyn Lowry: Slammed For Keeping Son Away From Javi Marroquin Kailyn Lowry Photos Kailyn Lowry Videos Kailyn Lowry: Son Isaac Breaks Down Over Javi Marroquin Divorce Kailyn Lowry Kicks Javi Marroquin Out, Is Too Petty to Live Javi Marroquin: See His Heartbreaking Homecoming on Teen Mom 2! Stars Kailyn Lowry Javi Marroquin: I Can't Stand Kailyn Lowry's New Boyfriend! Submissions? Questions? Looking to advertise? About Us | Advertising Info | Copyright Inquiry | Privacy Policy | Contact Us © 2017 The Hollywood Gossip - Celebrity Gossip and Entertainment News Food Innovation Group: Bon Appetit and Epicurious February 2017 January 2017 2016 Archives 2015 Archives 2014 Archives 2013 Archives 2012 Archives 2011 Archives 2010 Archives 2009 Archives 2008 Archives 2007 Archives
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Trump likely to face questions over travel ban in meeting with CEOs Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Politics | Wed Feb 1, 2017 | 6:10pm EST Trump likely to face questions over travel ban in meeting with CEOs U.S. President Donald Trump announces his nomination of Neil Gorsuch to be an associate justice of the U.S. Supreme Court at the White House in Washington, D.C., U.S., January 31, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria By David Shepardson | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump will likely face questions about his executive order restricting some travel to the United States when he meets with the CEOs of major U.S. companies at the White House on Friday. Companies whose chief executives are expected to attend the meeting of the president's business advisory panel include JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), General Motors Co (GM.N), Blackstone Group LP (BX.N), IBM Corp (IBM.N), Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] and Walt Disney Co (DIS.N), two officials briefed on the meeting said on Wednesday. Activists are already pressuring the CEOs to raise concerns about the travel restrictions at the meeting, which comes at the end of another turbulent week for the Trump administration. Trump's order last Friday, barring travel into the United States by people from seven Muslim-majority countries, touched off public protests and stirred unease among employees at many big U.S. companies. CEOs have been faced with difficult choices to either criticize Trump's move at a time when they are trying to win White House support on tax and trade policies, or remain silent and take heat from consumers and employees dismayed by the order. The Trump administration says the travel ban is aimed at strengthening national security. Backlash over the measure knocked the wind out of the post-inaugural stock market rally, although major indexes rebounded on Wednesday. Trump's executive order put a 120-day halt on the U.S. refugee program, barred Syrian refugees indefinitely and imposed a 90-day suspension on people from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. Along with protests it has prompted legal challenges in the United States and drawn criticism from several leading U.S. companies. Among those critics, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick wrote in an email to employees Saturday that "the ban will impact many innocent people — an issue that I will raise this coming Friday when I go to Washington for President Trump’s first business advisory group meeting." Trump will kick off the two-hour meeting with an address lasting 10-15 minutes and will be followed by Stephen Schwarzman, the billionaire founder of private equity group Blackstone (BX.N), who chairs the panel and assembled it at Trump's request. Four topics will be discussed -- regulatory relief, women in the work force, tax and trade, and infrastructure -- with two to three people talking briefly about each subject to help shape “how the administration should be thinking,” according to a person familiar with the matter. Investors said the CEOs would be mindful of Trump's penchant for rebuking companies publicly. "Given recent history, being called out publicly is something that the CEOs in that room and other CEOs will absolutely be mindful to avoid," said Jim Russell, vice president at Bahl & Gaynor Inc, which oversees $17 billion and owns shares in several of the companies attending Friday's meeting. "I'm sure they will pick their fights carefully and articulate them carefully." It was not clear if all 19 members of the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum would attend Friday's meeting. Other members include the CEOs of Tesla Inc (TSLA.O), Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N) and Boeing Co (BA.N). Tesla founder Elon Musk said this week that the travel order should be modified and he would seek a consensus among members of the advisory council. Ford Motor Co (F.N) Executive Chairman Bill Ford Jr. and CEO Mark Fields have also criticized the travel measure. GM has declined to take a position. On Wednesday, a group of religious investors, human rights groups other activists urged members of the business advisory panel to speak out against the travel restrictions at the meeting with Trump. In a joint letter to the corporate leaders, the group said Trump's order "undermines respect for human rights and the lives of workers and their families in the U.S. and beyond, and disrupts economic activity and company operations." The letter was signed by dozens of people, including representatives of firms focused on socially-responsible investing like Calvert Research and Management and Domini Impact Investments. Others included representatives of the International Corporate Accountability Roundtable, the Institute for Human Rights and Business and the Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility. Companies that have been most critical of Trump's immigration orders include Netflix Inc (NFLX.O), Apple Inc (AAPL.O), and Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O), none of which form part of the business advisory panel. (Reporting by David Shepardson in Washington, D.C. Additional reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt in New York and Ross Kerber in Boston.; Editing by Frances Kerry and Tom Brown) Next In Politics Trump vows to end prohibition on church political activity WASHINGTON President Donald Trump on Thursday vowed to free churches and other tax-exempt institutions of a 1954 U.S. law banning political activity, drawing fire from critics who accused him of rewarding his evangelical Christian supporters and turning houses of worship into political machines. Uber CEO quits Trump's business advisory group SAN FRANCISCO/WASHINGTON Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick quit President Donald Trump's business advisory group on Thursday amid mounting pressure from activists and employees who oppose the administration's immigration policies. Tillerson, on first day, addresses dissent and calls Mexico, Canada WASHINGTON U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson called for unity and understanding on his first day at the State Department amid internal dissent over policies of President Donald Trump, which have also antagonized a range of allies. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Pictures of the month Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix CW39 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW39 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Local Nation/World Features Community Super Bowl 51 EyeOpener Traffic Contests Events Weather 52° 52° Low 48° High 59° Sat 59° 64° Sun 65° 78° Mon 69° 79° See complete forecast Mom’s post about motherhood and mental illness strikes a chord around the globe Posted 11:13 AM, February 1, 2017, by Tribune Media Wire, Updated at 08:49PM, February 1, 2017 Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video OAK GROVE, Mo. -- A Missouri mom is making headlines after sharing an emotional Facebook post about motherhood and mental illness that’s gone viral. Cierra Fortner, a married mom of two living in Oak Grove, Mo., wrote the post that's now been shared more than 93,000 times as of Tuesday night. “It`s crazy how fast things can spread and how far they can spread,” Fortner told FOX 4. Fortner wrote her emotional essay after a trip to Wal-Mart with her little boys, 4-year-old Jayce and 10-month-old Brenton. She wrote: “Today I was at Walmart doing my weekly Friday shopping when the cashier says to me "I see you in here all the time, your kids are always dressed cute, behaving and you just seem to have it all together" at the time I just thanked her and giggled because that's far from the truth but as I drove home there was more I wanted her to know about me.” Her Facebook post went on to list all the times Fortner felt like she was treading water while juggling a job, a marriage and motherhood. “It was a great compliment,” she said, “but at the same time, I was just like, ‘If only she really knew.’” That small comment is what inspired Fortner’s brutally honest post in which she also opens up about her private battles with depression, anxiety and suicide attempts. “I don`t have it all together,” she said, “and I probably will never have it all together, because kids are crazy, and they do their own thing and test your emotions every single day.” “It`s okay to not be perfect. It`s okay to have a mental disease and battle your own demons while still being a really great mom and a really great parent.” It was a vulnerable message that's now resonated with other moms everywhere – getting shared more than 93,000 times on Facebook and being featured in countless news publications across the globe. “From Pakistan and I know I made the Belgian paper,” Fortner said, “and just random places I would never even think, like Switzerland, has messaged me and been like, ‘You`ve reached out to mothers everywhere,’ and everyone can contribute to this, everyone can say, ‘I feel this.’” Her inbox is now overflowing with messages of support and her heart is hopeful other moms who are struggling know they're not alone. “No matter where you are in the world,” she said, “there`s a mom out there that understands what you`re going through and it`s going to be okay.” Filed in: Nation/World Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Connect with Eye Opener! Keep up with EO online! Popular MTV reality star undergoes breast implant surgery to stand out at weekend Super Bowl parties What’s up with low-flying helicopters in Houston? Police: Woman stabs date, tries to eat his heart in quest to be serial killer California father dies after tooth infection spreads to lungs Latest News Cy Ranch High School senior prank blows up into major controversy Club Nomadic is open and ready to rock Teacher arrested for allegedly exposing herself to class during cartwheel Man’s daily vodka intake calcified his pancreas NewsFix The collateral damage after students’ ‘build a wall’ chant goes viral Nation/World NewsFix Man posts heartfelt message about marriage, being ‘only with one woman’ Nation/World NewsFix Her body is slowly growing a second skeleton NewsFix Dead ‘Jeopardy!’ contestant wins her fourth consecutive game Nation/World Nanny gives part of her liver to 16-month-old girl she cares for NewsFix Utah teen dies unexpectedly, one day after deciding to donate her organs Nation/World NewsFix Carrie Fisher’s unique obituary request was full of her humor Nation/World NewsFix Soccer player returns to the field after heart transplant Nation/World NewsFix St. Louis mom wants answers after photo of officer posing with her dead son surfaces Nation/World NewsFix Mother’s powerful words after daughter dies in Taco Bell of apparent overdose Nation/World NewsFix Family pleads to have mother’s body removed from river, 4 days after car accident NewsFix Mom ‘heartbroken’ over election bumps into Hillary Clinton during hike Nation/World NewsFix Nearly a week after California mother’s disappearance, clues are scarce Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 7700 Westpark Drive Houston, TX 77063 • Copyright © 2017, KIAH • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
skip to main content Site Menu Donate Menu Home Programs On-Air Schedule Printable Schedule News/Talk Shows Music Shows Entertainment Shows News NPR News Local News StateImpact Oklahoma Music The Spy Oklahoma Music NPR Music NPR - First Listen NPR - Heavy Rotation NPR - Live Concerts NPR - Tiny Desk Concerts NPR - Studio Sessions NPR - Field Recordings Events Events Calendar Submit an Event Support Become a Member Sustaining Membership Business Support Crazy Smart Businesses Car Donation Volunteer Matching Companies Planned Giving Foundations Champion's Circle About About KOSU Coverage Map Staff Contact Mission and Vision Facility Rental Jobs Internships Station Policies Search KOSU KOSU The Spy Menu Home Programs On-Air Schedule Printable Schedule News/Talk Shows Music Shows Entertainment Shows News NPR News Local News StateImpact Oklahoma Music The Spy Oklahoma Music NPR Music NPR - First Listen NPR - Heavy Rotation NPR - Live Concerts NPR - Tiny Desk Concerts NPR - Studio Sessions NPR - Field Recordings Events Events Calendar Submit an Event Support Become a Member Sustaining Membership Business Support Crazy Smart Businesses Car Donation Volunteer Matching Companies Planned Giving Foundations Champion's Circle About About KOSU Coverage Map Staff Contact Mission and Vision Facility Rental Jobs Internships Station Policies Search Searching For 'Facebook Customer Service' Can Lead To A Scam By Aarti Shahani • Feb 1, 2017 TweetShareGoogle+Email View Slideshow 1 of 2 A sign near the entrance of the Facebook campus in Menlo Park, Calif. Josh Edelson / AFP/Getty Images View Slideshow 2 of 2 Until recently, a phone number at the top of Google search for "Facebook customer service" led callers to a scam, NPR has found. Google / Screenshot by NPR Listen Listening... / Imagine that one day you're kicked off Facebook. It happens, regularly. You may not know why exactly. It looks like an algorithm may have done it — and now you need to reach a human being at the company to get back on. NPR has interviewed more than two dozen users in that situation — all people who rely on Facebook to do their work, make their living. Their stories, which we'll share in a separate article, made us wonder: If you needed to reach Facebook, what would you do? Many people would go online and search for "Facebook customer service." We tried that, and got this number: 844-735-4595. It was prominently displayed as the top search result on Google. Google even made it a "featured snippet" — that is, a result highlighted in a box at the top, enhanced to draw user attention and lend credibility. Please do not call it. You will get someone real — just not from Facebook. The first time NPR called, someone picked up and then put the phone down — maybe on a table. You could hear mumbling in the room. It felt suspicious. So NPR gave the number to Pindrop, a company that specializes in phone fraud. A Pindrop researcher, who has to remain anonymous for his work, called up and recorded as he pretended to be a Facebook user in distress. A call center operator named "Steven" — who, according to Pindrop analysis, is based in India — says: "Thanks for calling Facebook." He is pretending to be a Facebook employee. The Pindrop researcher plays along and explains he is locked out of his Facebook account. He needs help getting reactivated. "Steven" gives him very unusual advice: Go to a Wal-Mart or a Target. "Just walk up over there and tell them to provide you an iTunes card. OK? And on the backside of that iTunes card there would be a 16-digit security code." Maybe you see where this is going. Steven continues: "You need to call us back on this same number and provide me that 16-digit security code so that I can activate that access and we'll be giving you the password for your new — for your old account." This is a scam. The top Google search result for "Facebook customer service" led to a person asking for codes on iTunes gift cards. This is a well-known method of stealing from innocent people online. (Both Apple and the Federal Trade Commission have issued alerts about it.) That toll-free "Facebook" line was not just on Google. That number and others have been circulating on Facebook itself, on pages where users are asking for help, for at least a year. In one instance, a user asked whether the number was valid and a member of the company's Help Team responded: "There isn't a number to contact Facebook. ... It sounds like the email or notification you saw is likely a scam." It's unclear whether the Help Team member reported it to her superiors to investigate. "Wow. Wow. Wow. That's crazy," says Marty Weintraub, founder of Aimclear Marketing. He wrote a leading industry book on Facebook advertising, long before the rest of the world realized the company would dominate the Internet economy. "This is an astonishing result." He also wrote a book on how to manipulate search results, to get your brand or product up on top. He knows that companies monitor their search results, to see what their customers want, and that criminals and competitors try to exploit powerful brands. These are standard practices. What Weintraub finds astonishing is that a term as basic as "Facebook customer service" slipped through the cracks. "It's not like somebody's searching for 'Hey, what color are Mark Zuckerberg's socks?' It's not like it's something that's off the beaten path," Weintraub says. "So one would think that a company as large as Facebook would be monitoring [the] search engine results page for a major query surrounding their services." According to Google data, "Facebook customer service" gets searched, on average, about 27,000 times a month in the U.S. Weintraub says that is sizable, that Facebook should have known about it "almost the first minute" it came up, and that the company should have guarded its users. "I'd be so scared," he says. "These are people who are looking for help with the product and they're getting scammed. OMG." NPR informed Facebook and Google about the scam line. Facebook said that it has been investigating the group associated with this toll-free number for some time; that this group is targeting many platforms; and that it's up to Google to explain why it displays certain search results. A Google spokesperson said in a statement that the company has taken steps to remove the fraudulent number. Neither company explained how the prominent search result went unnoticed. And to be clear, Facebook does not have a phone number for regular users to call. It does have an online help center, located here. (Facebook pays NPR and other leading news organizations to produce live video streams.) NPR's Aarti Shahani has started a page on Facebook for people to share concerns about the platform. It's called Tell Zuck. If you use Facebook for work, and find you're unable to reach the company, tell her your story at www.facebook.com/tellzuck. Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/. STEVE INSKEEP, HOST: Here's something that Americans experience quite often - they get kicked off of Facebook. They don't know why. They try to ask the company for help and can't get it. NPR's Aarti Shahani has been talking with people in that situation. AARTI SHAHANI, BYLINE: I've been speaking with Facebook users who rely on the platform to make their living. Their stories, which we'll share later today, made me start to wonder if I needed to reach the company, what would I do? Facebook pays NPR and other news organizations to produce live videos, we have a direct relationship. But if I were just a regular user, I'd Google Facebook customer service. I tried that, and I got this number - 844-735-4595. Do not call it. STEVEN: Thanks for calling Facebook. This is Steven (ph), how can I help you? SHAHANI: You will get someone real, just not from Facebook. This is a recording of a phone call made by the company Pindrop which specializes in phone fraud. The first time I called the toll-free number, someone picked up and then put the phone down, maybe on a table. I could hear mumbling in the room. It felt suspicious, so I asked Pindrop to look into it. A Pindrop researcher, who has to remain anonymous for his work, decided to record as he pretended to be a Facebook user in distress. UNIDENTIFIED MAN: Actually I'm having trouble with my Facebook account. SHAHANI: He says he needs help logging in. Steven, who according to Pindrop analysis is based in India, tells him to go to a Wal-Mart or a Target. STEVEN: Just walk over there and tell them to provide you an iTunes card, OK? UNIDENTIFIED MAN: OK. STEVEN: And on the backside of that iTunes card there will be a 16-digit security code. SHAHANI: Keep listening. STEVEN: And you need to call us back on the same number and provide me that 16-digit security code so that I can activate that access and we'll be giving you the password for your new - for your old account. SHAHANI: This is a scam. The top Google search result for Facebook customer service led to a man asking Facebook account holders to buy iTunes gift cards and hand over the codes. Apple and federal regulators have issued warnings about this kind of scam. And that toll-free number was not just on Google, it and others have been circulating on Facebook on pages where people are asking for help for at least a year. MARTY WEINTRAUB: Wow. Wow. Wow. That's crazy. SHAHANI: That's Marty Weintraub with Aimclear marketing. He wrote a leading industry book on Facebook advertising long before the rest of the world realized the company would dominate the internet economy. WEINTRAUB: This is an astonishing result. SHAHANI: Weintraub also wrote a book on how to manipulate search results to get your brand or product up on top. He knows that companies monitor their search results to see what their customers want, and that criminals and competitors try to exploit brands. These are standard practices. What Weintraub finds astonishing is that a term as basic as Facebook customer service slipped through the company's cracks. WEINTRAUB: Well, it's not like somebody searching for, hey, what color are Mark Zuckerberg's socks? It's not like it's something that's off the beaten path, so one would think that a company as large as Facebook would be monitoring search engine results page for major queries surrounding their services. SHAHANI: According to Google data, Facebook customer service gets searched on average 27,000 times a month in the U.S. Weintraub says that is sizable, Facebook should have known about it almost the first minute it came up and should have guarded its users. WEINTRAUB: These are people who are looking for help with the product and they're getting scammed? O-M-G. SHAHANI: NPR informed Facebook and Google about the scam line. Facebook says it's been investigating the group associated with this toll-free number for some time, that this group is targeting many platforms, and it's up to Google to explain why it displays certain search results. A Google spokesperson said in a statement that the company has taken steps to remove the fraudulent number. Neither company explained how the prominent search result went unnoticed, and to be clear, Facebook does not have a phone number for regular users to call. (SOUNDBITE OF BOARDS OF CANADA SONG, "PEACOCK TAIL") RACHEL MARTIN, HOST: That was NPR's Aarti Shahani. In the process of reporting, Aarti decided to start a page on Facebook for people to share concerns they can't deliver directly to the company. The page is called TellZuck. That's facebook.com/tellzuck. We'll link to it at npr.org. (SOUNDBITE OF BOARDS OF CANADA SONG, "PEACOCK TAIL") Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR. Tags:  Facebook scams TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. © 2017 KOSU Facebook Twitter Instagram
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video At Berkeley Yiannopoulos protest, $100,000 in damage, 1 arrest Recounting last interactions, Sierra Lamar’s friends testify Somerville: Understanding where anarchists are coming from 2 carjacking suspects arrested after chase in Oakland News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Global stocks higher after Wall Street ends little changed Romania: justice minister stands by diluted graft law Seoul says North Korea has fired its security chief AP source: US preparing new Iran sanctions over missile test Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Stephen Curry explains decision not to compete in 3-point contest Warriors showcase depth in win over Clippers Sharks’ Patrick Marleau scores 500th goal Moore-to-Bird alley-oop finishes Cal’s 2-OT win over Utah Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Musk to Trump: What we really need is emigration, to Mars Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quits Trump advisory council A Bud for immigrants; Reddit hits ‘alt-right’; Trump history Self-driving cars are getting smarter, reports show A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do ‘Space Between Us’ lands somewhere between awful and lovely The latest from Dear Abby ‘I Am Not Your Negro’ a strong portrait of James Baldwin Dawn Holliday steps down from Slim’s, Music Hall Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Google’s new app feature will help you find the perfect recipe Cambodian street-food restaurant Nyum Bai opens in Emeryville La Nebbia to close this weekend Foreign Cinema owners plan to open one of the largest wine bars Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis SF SPCA holding adoption pop-up at Embarcadero Center through The best U.S. cities to get married in 2017, according to San Francisco has the lowest percentage of kids of any major U.S. Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Ethical destinations: How to have a good trip Strolling among ghosts of Vietnam in Hue One Day, One Place: Accessible Argentina in Cordoba Travel Troubleshooter: United’s check in holding pattern Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Montclair Tudor exudes class, refinement Eichlers are the ‘classic cars’ of modern William Wurster–designed home with views of Santa Cruz beach, Views and style define home in San Rafael’s Upper Glenwood Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Porsche’s entry level SUV ideally done Almost 67,000 polluting VW and Audi diesels returned so far A high-performance luxury Bentley SUV Dreams of a red sports car come true Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Is your birth order influencing your career? Are you prepared for a panel interview? 5 ways to handle an unexpected career change Are thank-you letters enough? Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/news/crime/article/3rd-suspect-arraigned-in-slayings-of-2-found-in-10900635.php 3rd suspect arraigned in slayings of 2 found in parking lot Updated 11:20 am, Wednesday, February 1, 2017 CORUNNA, Mich. (AP) — A third suspect has been charged in the shooting deaths of two men found dead in an SUV outside a mid-Michigan Wal-Mart store. Erin Mongar of Grand Rapids was arraigned Wednesday on two counts each of felony murder and armed robbery and single counts of conspiracy to commit arm robbery and a firearms charge. A probable cause hearing is set for Feb. 8. Police say the 34-year-old Mongar drove the getaway car in the slayings of 31-year-old Joseph Carson and 39-year-old Anthony Hammond of Flint. Their bodies were found Friday in Caledonia Township. Police say the slayings stemmed from a deal to sell marijuana that was arranged online via Craigslist. MLive reports (http://bit.ly/2kWBOh3 ) all three suspects are being held without bond in the Shiawassee County Jail. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. PRESIDENT TRUMP'S SECOND WEEK Tech giants writing letter to Trump opposing immigration banTech giants writing letter to Trump opposing immigration ban Trump rattles world leaders as Cabinet tries to soften tone In shift, Trump warns Israel against new settlements Pelosi calls Trump's chief strategist a 'white supremacist' Uber CEO quits Trump advisory council Schwarzenegger fires back after Trump's comment Nordstrom cutting Ivanka Trump brand due to poor sales House scraps background check regulation LATEST NEWS J.K. Rowling's response to burning 'Harry Potter' books 2 carjacking suspects arrested after chase in Oakland Former Forbes exec charged with attacking school bus 20-year-old shot dead in SJ’s 4th homicide of 2017 Friends of Sierra LaMar testify at murder trial Baylor fights libel suit in wake of sex scandal Oakland crews clear out ‘Promise Land’ homeless camp Cops: Woman dies after boyfriend runs her over Berkeley protest causes $100K in damage; 1 arrest 'Group that did all the violence wasn’t students' Cops: Car through crowd not a crime Somerville: Understanding the anarchists Protest prompts Trump funding threat Bay Area spot saw most January rain in recorded history Surveyors 'ecstatic' over Sierra snowpack Singapore Airlines flight attendant found dead in SF hotel room More than 12M flew through OAK in 2016 Russian Hill reservoir a source of big SF debate Left turns whittled down on Van Ness Ave TODAY'S TOP PICKS 'Nightmare-inducing' robot from Boston Dynamics seen in leaked... A punk rocker's Edwardian in Noe Valley hits the market Bay Area date ideas for everyone from hipster to homebody SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored This futuristic glass display delivers GPS navigation without... Get a free Clean Energy Membership to save on electric bills... Most Popular 1 'Can she eat more kale?' Hordes of liberals want reassurance... 2 Singapore Airlines flight attendant found dead in San... 3 UC Berkeley cancels right-wing provocateur’s talk amid... 4 Trump rattles world leaders as Cabinet tries to soften tone 5 Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quits Trump advisory council 6 After night of violent protests, Berkeley cleans up damage 7 Nordstrom Says It’s Cutting Ivanka Trump Brand Due to Poor... 8 Trump update: President trashes Schwarzenegger’s TV ratings 9 Internet obsesses over Obama's vacation outfit 10 Cops: At Yiannopoulos Berkeley protest, car through crowd not... LATEST NEWS J.K. Rowling's response to burning 'Harry Potter' books 2 carjacking suspects arrested after chase in Oakland Former Forbes exec charged with attacking school bus 20-year-old shot dead in SJ’s 4th homicide of 2017 Friends of Sierra LaMar testify at murder trial Baylor fights libel suit in wake of sex scandal Oakland crews clear out ‘Promise Land’ homeless camp Cops: Woman dies after boyfriend runs her over THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Share 12 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-02-02 WWE News: Watch XFL ’30 For 30’ ESPN Special Stream Online, ‘This Was The XFL’ Entertainment 2017-02-02 BTS New Concept Photos Unveiled, Teaser Videos For New Album To Release Soon? Entertainment 2017-02-02 ‘Winds Of Winter’ Release Date Rumor: Book Might Come Out This Year After All Entertainment 2017-02-02 Kate Moss, 43, Gets Naked For W Magazine ‘Powerful Women’ Issue News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-02-03 GOP-Controlled House Overturns Obama’s Gun Rule Preventing Sales To Mentally Ill News 2017-02-03 Vacheron Constantin And Piaget Get New CEOs News 2017-02-02 Yemen Raid: What We Know About Trump’s First Major Military Operation News 2017-02-02 Trump Club Loses Suit: National Golf Club Jupiter Must Pay Former Members Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Basketball 2017-02-03 Chicago Bulls Trade Rumors: Jahlil Okafor Offer Made To Philadelphia 76ers Wrestling 2017-02-03 WWE News: Goldberg To Win WWE Universal Title And Defend It At ‘WrestleMania 33’ Wrestling 2017-02-02 WWE News: ‘Wrestle Kingdom 11’ Match To Air On Cable Television Football 2017-02-02 Chicago Bears To Make Patriots’ QB Jimmy Garoppolo Their Top Offseason Priority Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-02-02 Gwyneth Paltrow’s Goop Hits And Misses: Slammed By OB/GYN For Peddling Jade Egg Lifestyle, News 2017-01-28 Guy Fieri Helps Re-Open Planet Hollywood Restaurant At Disney Springs In Orlando [Videos] Lifestyle 2017-01-22 The Obamas’ New Digs: Check Out The Former First Family’s Possible Picks Lifestyle 2017-01-17 Donald Trump’s Childhood Home Auction Buzz: Will Trump Bid On His Old House? Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-02-02 Sahana Khatun, 10, Becomes First Girl To Be Treated For ‘Tree Man’ Syndrome Health 2017-01-29 How PTSD Differs From Other Anxiety Disorders Health 2017-01-28 Rare Amnesia Cases In Massachusetts Likely Linked To Opioid Abuse Health 2017-01-28 Safe Injection Sites: Seattle Opening Facilities Where Drug Addicts Can Use Illegal Drugs Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-02-02 ‘Marvel Heroes’ Adds Beast Hero, Jubilee Team-Up In Latest Update Science 2017-02-02 Nuclear Fusion Energy News: Infinite Power By 2030 With Nuclear Fusion Reactor? Gaming 2017-02-01 Nintendo Reveals Switch Online Price, Possibility Of VR Support Gaming 2017-02-01 Nintendo NES Classic Edition Stocks And Availability To Increase Soon? BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-02-02 Kiersten Miles: Nanny Donates Part Of Her Liver To Save Toddler’s Life BuzzWorthy 2017-02-02 Gang Member Slaps Dead Rival In The Face As He Lays In Casket At Funeral [Video] BuzzWorthy 2017-02-02 Texas Family Finds Rattlesnake In Toilet, 23 Other Snakes Hiding In Home BuzzWorthy 2017-02-01 Trump’s Long And Real Hair Secret? Propecia Hair-Growth Drug, Says His Doctor SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Nintendo NES Classic Edition Stocks And Availability To Increase Soon? Gaming 12 0 0 February 1, 2017 Nintendo NES Classic Edition Stocks And Availability To Increase Soon? Ronald Cress Nintendo’s NES Classic Edition stocks quickly ran out when it was re-released 31 years after its original launch. What was initially a sort of a throwback and a tribute to the good old 8-bit days suddenly became an obsession – everyone on the internet suddenly went crazy trying to get their hands on one. Now, the Japanese company has sold 1.5 million units, and as a result, it is increasing the console’s production. During Nintendo’s recent earnings briefing, company president Tatsumi Kimishima confirmed the figures and at the same time apologized for the NES Classic Edition shortages. “We apologize to our consumers and retail partners for the inconvenience caused by product shortages,” he said. “Some parts require time to procure, but we are working to increase production.” Of course, with the increase in production, we can expect more stocks of the NES to make its way to retailers soon. It is unknown how long fans will have to wait for it to become available again, but at the very least, there is hope that more are arriving sooner than later. [Image by Eugene Hoshiko/AP Images] As of now, stocks of the miniature console are still elusive. GameStop released limited stocks last week, and they were all sold out within minutes. Walmart also frequently made the NES available in short doses in the past, but as can be guessed, a ton of interested fans did not even get the chance to see it go live on the website. Best Buy also has the NES Classic listed on its website, though it’s sold out. Target, on the other hand, may have some stocks in their physical stores. The retailer has advised fans to check their branches as the console will not be available on their website. For those who cannot wait for the NES Classic to become available again, there are always other options – but they must be prepared to pay more than the original cost. The NES Classic Edition only costs $59.99 – only if the buyer is lucky enough. As the console is hard to come by in major retailers, some have taken advantage of the situation to sell units for way more than its retail price. There are a lot of listings for the NES on Amazon and eBay, but note that they are fulfilled by marketplace sellers. A unit can sell for $100 and up, though one can consider himself extremely lucky should he be able to purchase one for less than double its original price. Third-party sellers in Walmart are also in on this profitable business. An NES Classic Edition unit sells for about $160 and up, depending on the seller. If it’s any consolation, though, all of them offers free shipping. CNET also reports that there are some NES stocks over at Chunk Toys and Player’s Choice, but they have it for around $200. Newegg has the console at its most expensive price on this list at $210 — still, it’s nowhere near the $5,000 NES console that was sold on eBay months ago. The console has 30 titles in it. Some 8-bit classics include Super Mario Bros., Mega Man 2, The Legend of Zelda and Final Fantasy. Nintendo has already announced that there are no more games coming apart from the original titles, so why is everybody suddenly willing to spend $60 and up on a package of 30 old-school games when they are available on emulators? Nintendo sells 1.5 million NES Classic Editions and apologizes for shortages. https://t.co/NSRXI0SvbV pic.twitter.com/fmO9n5XdG7 — Game Informer (@gameinformer) February 1, 2017 What propelled the fans to go crazy over the NES Classic Edition remains a mystery. Is it the nostalgia? Or is it the “limited edition” tag that comes with it? Would No Man’s Sky have fared better if Hello Games released a limited amount of copies? Unfortunately, no one knows the answer. [Featured Image by Drew Angerer/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Nintendo Switch Takes Aim At A New Generation Now Read This: Huawei P10 Release: 2017 Flagship Arriving With ‘Plus’ & ‘Lite’ Variants? Share 12 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Ronald Cress Tags: console, NES Classic Edition, nintendo January 31, 2017 Donald Trump Immigration Ban: The Real History Of That List Of Seven Countries January 28, 2017 Mischa Barton Attributes Recent Mental Evaluation To A Drugged Drink Comments LATEST HEADLINES WWE Planning Huge Feud For Brock Lesnar And Roman Reigns After ‘Wrestlemania 33’ Huawei P10 Release: 2017 Flagship Arriving With ‘Plus’ & ‘Lite’ Variants? Chicago Bulls Trade Rumors: Jahlil Okafor Offer Made To Philadelphia 76ers WWE News: Goldberg To Win WWE Universal Title And Defend It At ‘WrestleMania 33’ GOP-Controlled House Overturns Obama’s Gun Rule Preventing Sales To Mentally Ill Beyoncé Suffered Miscarriage, Rumored Fertility Troubles Before Conceiving Twins ‘Today’ Bumps Tamron Hall For Megyn Kelly, Is Savannah Guthrie Next? Vacheron Constantin And Piaget Get New CEOs Samsung Galaxy S8 Specs: Battery, Awkward Fingerprint Scanner Location And More NBA Trade Rumors: Could Carmelo Anthony To Cavs Happen? Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories WWE Opinion: WWE Has The Time And Place Set To Turn Roman Reigns Into The Biggest Heel Of All Time 0 0 0 Noam Chomsky Calls For ‘Militant Labor Movement’ To Transform American Politics And Fight Trump 0 0 0 Song Joong-ki, Song Hye-kyo To Reunite In February for DOTS’ First Anniversary? 0 0 0 WWE News: Nikki Bella Officially Retiring, Leaving WWE After ‘WrestleMania 33’ 0 0 0 Internet Personality Chris Crocker: Remixed, Revisited, And Royally Underappreciated [Opinion] 0 0 0 WWE News: John Cena & Nikki Bella To Battle The Miz & Maryse At ‘WrestleMania 33 0 0 0 Recent Videos Space Watch SpaceX Launch First Rocket Since Explosion Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple ‘Horizon Zero Dawn’ builds a refreshingly cohesive open world Jacob Siegal BGR NewsFebruary 1, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Lately, my enthusiasm for open world games has diminished substantially. While I couldn’t get enough of Spider-Man 2 or Morrowind in the mid-2000s, I found myself nitpicking the worlds of Grand Theft Auto V and The Witcher 3 in recent years. It wasn’t that they were any less impressive or compelling, but I could see the seams. Open worlds were no longer an achievement — they were a bullet point on the back of the box. As such, I was cautious about getting too excited over Horizon Zero Dawn. From the moment I laid eyes on it at E3 2015, I knew it had the potential to be special. But it could also be another Far Cry Primal: built on good intentions and forged from the disparate remains of past successes. After spending a few hours with the game earlier this week, I’m happy to report that Horizon Zero Dawn is not only turning out to be as special as I’d hoped it might be, but that Guerrilla Games has designed one of the most cohesive, coherent and jaw-droppingly attractive open worlds of the current generation. Don't Miss: Here are the best Super Bowl TV sales from Walmart, Best Buy, and more The opening cutscene of Horizon Zero Dawn does a lot of heavy lifting without putting the player to sleep. Within moments, Guerrilla has established that Rost is an outcast living in a primal world, that he has a daughter that means the world to him and that he wants to give her a chance for a better life. horizon-zero-dawn-aloyMore We then flash forward a few years and see children from the Nora tribe foraging for berries. Rost’s daughter, Aloy, attempts to join in, but the mother of one of the young boys tells the children not to interact with the outcast. Distraught, Aloy runs off, stumbles and falls down a pit. She screams for her father, but she’s fallen too far. No one can hear her. So she starts looking for a way back to the surface. At this point, we learn that Horizon Zero Dawn doesn’t take place pre-technology, but post-technology — there’s a whole world buried beneath the surface. Electronics, man-made structures and decaying human bodies are strewn about the underground system that Aloy finds herself in, and we realize that one fallen society has given way to another. The modern world has fallen. Aloy eventually makes her way out of the cave system, but not before finding the coolest Bluetooth headset you’ve ever seen. With it, she can scan the environment, track and tag enemies and gain a competitive edge in a world where technology has been banned. Rost realizes that Aloy is becoming independent, so he decides to begin training her before she gets herself into trouble that she can’t get out of. The two venture out into the woods to hunt, but rather than hunting deer or fish, they hunt the animal-like robots that have taken over the world of Horizon. It’s here that I learned about the various types of machines, from the Watchers that patrol the land to the packs of Striders and the Grazers that they protect. I also got my hands on Aloy’s bow for the first time, and as a fan of games that feature bows and arrows — from the Zelda series to Tomb Raider — I can say that Horizon Zero Dawn has some of the most satisfying archery of all time. After a few introductory quests to explain the game’s mechanics and introduce the main characters, we once again flash forward, this time to a young adult Aloy who is finally ready to participate in a dangerous test that, if she passes, will allow her to shed her outcast title and become a member of the tribe. Read More This is when the game opens up, as Aloy is tasked with gathering the necessary materials to craft fire arrows and bartering with a local trader for a weapon that shoots electrified tripwires capable of temporarily stunning machines. I put everything I’d learned in the game’s opening missions to use to find a pack of Striders, duck into the nearby tall grass, scan and tag every machine in the area and take aim at my prey. I shot the blaze canister off of the top of a Strider for a critical hit, waited for it to lift its head in and then pierced its mechanical face with another arrow. The rest of the pack scurried away as I waltzed over to collect my loot. horizon-zero-dawn-machinesMore After gathering all of the parts I needed to craft fire arrows and trade for the new weapon, the demo jumped forward a few missions to get me to the meat of the game. I now had the ability to Override certain machines, giving me the option to turn them into mounts that I could call from anywhere at a moment’s notice. I completed a few additional side quests and explored a bit more of the (massive) world before my time with the game was up, but my takeaway from a few hours with the game is that nothing feels out of place. From the intuitive crafting system to the three-pronged skill tree to the endlessly satisfying combat against creatures that are always bigger and stronger than Aloy, it’s a fantasy world that makes more sense than any grounded, realistic open world I’ve ever inhabited in a video game. There’s still plenty I don’t know about the story, the gameplay and the progression after just a few short hours with the game, but I came away with far higher expectations that I had going in. It’s all the more impressive that this is the world Guerrilla Games built after spending a decade making linear first-person shooters. Horizon Zero Dawn launches for PlayStation 4 on February 28th. Trending right now: The Galaxy S8, iPhone 8, and Google Pixel 2 will all share one key component A ‘rogue’ group of staffers is tweeting secrets from the White House Samsung might show off the Galaxy S8 at MWC, but don’t get too excited See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Nokia’s Android phones probably won’t live up to the company’s hype BGR News Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech The iPhone 7’s missing headphone jack: The scandal that wasn’t BGR News I paid $3,000 for my MacBook Pro and got emotional whiplash Yahoo Finance The New Face of Marijuana Investing MONEY MORNINGSponsored Bus-sized asteroid will whiz by Earth today, coming closer than the Moon BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Read Watch Shop Subscribe Topics more Read Watch Shop Subscribe Topics Beauty Menswear Entertainment Cities Longform Politics ✕ Politics Retailers Are Lobbying Against Trump's Proposed Border Tax But most still remain silent on refugees and immigration. by Chavie Lieber Feb 1, 2017, 10:56am EST tweet share pin Photo: John Greim/Getty Images With the news that President Donald Trump might impose a border tax that would affect goods imported from Mexico and sold in the US, retailers are taking to Washington, DC to lobby. According to the National Retail Federation (via CNBC), a “large number” of retail CEOs have been making trips in the past few months to protest Trump’s border tax, as well as a proposal from Republicans in Congress for a border adjustment tax. While the exact details of both are still in question, Trump’s “big border tax” — theoretically around 20 percent — was floated as a way to pay for the wall between the US and Mexico. Target CEO Brian Cornell was in DC last week lobbying against such taxes, according to Politico. CNBC was also told yesterday that members of the Retail Industry Leaders Association, which includes Walmart, Nike, Target, and JCPenney, contacted the group regarding the issue, even though some of these retailers “typically do not engage in public policy issues.” When CBNC reached out for comment, Target shared that it was "closely monitoring the ongoing discussions on tax reform and the impact of the House's proposed border adjustability tax on our guests.” A tax affecting Mexican imports would affect US apparel companies, from those who fully manufacture across the border to those who import textiles that are then assembled here, potentially impacting about 64,000 American textile employees. In the men’s jeans category alone, a whopping 40 percent of what’s sold in the US comes from Mexico. A tax increase on imports, particularly in the form of a “border adjustment” that hits companies that manufacture abroad but sell more domestically, could force brands to raise prices. As Coach CEO Victor Luis put it yesterday, “any border tax will of course lead to higher prices for the consumer.” And while this might work for affordable luxury brands like Kate Spade or Coach, the companies that won’t be able to convince shoppers to pay more — think Gap, Urban Outfitters, and American Eagle — could have a hard time. Of course, apparel CEOs’ outrage over tax increases may read as a little tone-deaf, considering the current turmoil over Trump’s other controversial border ruling on immigration. Sure, a border tax could affect retailers and shoppers. But the people hit most by Trump’s new policies may be the thousands of Syrian refugees fleeing violence and mass murder that have officially been banned from the US, not to mention the immigrants from seven very specific countries. So far, the fashion and beauty industries have been particularly mum about the immigration ban, sans a few companies like Nike and REI. While tech industry CEOs are speaking out loudly since it directly affects many of their employees, retail CEOs seem less concerned, especially considering that those making our clothing are often thousands of miles away, out of sight and out of mind. When it comes to standing up for profits, though, they seem to be all in. Which is disconcerting, but unfortunately not all that surprising. America is a hotbed for capitalism, so if a violation of human rights can’t get retailers to speak up, maybe dollar signs will. If the immigration ban and refugee crisis could rebrand itself as an enterprise opportunity, perhaps business leaders in retail would care about the business, and also about the leading. More From Racked In Donald Trump’s White House, Female Staffers Must ‘Dress Like Women’ Behold the ‘Thank You Obama’ Clothing Line, Modeled by Chance the Rapper 8 Cool Watches to Wear After You’ve Accepted You're Not Using Them to Tell Time I Am Extremely Here for Celine Dion’s Lifestyle Brand Seeking Comfort in a Cardigan Nordstrom Is Dropping Ivanka Trump’s Brand Top Stories In Donald Trump’s White House, Female Staffers Must ‘Dress Like Women’ Sean Spicer Must Be Taking His Suit Advice From Donald Trump Nordstrom Is Dropping Ivanka Trump’s Brand More Top Stories This Article has a component height of 9. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Politics In Donald Trump’s White House, Female Staffers Must ‘Dress Like Women’ by Elana Fishman And sounds like men are required to wear ties. New, 0 comments Entertainment Politics Behold the ‘Thank You Obama’ Clothing Line, Modeled by Chance the Rapper by Elana Fishman There’s a “Malia” tee, you guys! New, 0 comments Shopping 8 Cool Watches to Wear After You’ve Accepted You're Not Using Them to Tell Time by Tanisha Pina Bonus: They’re all under $200. New, 0 comments Entertainment I Am Extremely Here for Celine Dion’s Lifestyle Brand by Elana Fishman Maybe I don't know that much, but I know this much is true. New, 0 comments From Our Newsletter Seeking Comfort in a Cardigan by Eliza Brooke Uncertain times call for cozy knits. New, 0 comments Politics Nordstrom Is Dropping Ivanka Trump’s Brand by Chavie Lieber After poor sales and aggressive boycott, the department store is backing away. New, 0 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Community Guidelines Masthead All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Looking For “Facebook Customer Service” Online? Don’t Call This Scammy Number Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Looking For “Facebook Customer Service” Online? Don’t Call This Scammy Number Image courtesy of via NPR February 1, 2017 10:36 am EST By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk scamalamadingdong scams ftc federal trade commission facebook iTunes scams gift card scams When it comes to customer service, Facebook is notoriously difficult deal with, which is why people go searching on Google and elsewhere for any sort of reliable contact information for the site. But beware: There’s a scammy phone number lurking on the internet, passing itself off as “Facebook customer service.” NPR’s All Tech Considered says plugging that phrase into a search engine brought up a top search with a phone number suggested: 844-735-4595. If you call it, you may get a human being on the line — but not anyone affiliated with Facebook. When NPR gave the phone number to a company called Pindrop, which specializes in phone fraud, a researcher called the number and was connected to a call center operator named “Steven” in India, who was posing as a Facebook employee. The researcher played along and said he was locked out of his Facebook account and needs help getting back in, so “Steven” tells him to go to Walmart or Target. Wait, what? “Just walk up over there and tell them to provide you an iTunes card,” Steven told the researcher. “OK? And on the backside of that iTunes card there would be a 16-digit security code.” He then directed the researcher to call back on the same phone number and hand over the 16-digit security code in order to get a new password for the account. If alarm bells aren’t ringing in your head yet, they should be: Facebook will never ask you to buy an iTunes gift card to regain access to your account — no legitimate social media company would do this, either. As the Federal Trade Commission puts it, “If you’re not shopping at the iTunes store, you shouldn’t be paying with an iTunes gift card.” The same goes for Amazon gift cards, PayPal, reloadable cards like MoneyPak, Reloadit, or Vanilla, or by wiring money through services like Western Union or MoneyGram. (If you spot a scam like this, you can file a complaint with the FTC.) Facebook tells NPR that it’s been investigating the group associated with this toll-free number for some time and that it’s been targeting many platforms, not just Facebook, but that it’ up to search engines like Google to decide which search results to display. To that end, a Google spokesperson said in a statement to NPR that the company has taken steps to remove the fraudulent number. Indeed, when we tried performing the same search, the scammy number wasn’t included in the results. Need to contact Facebook for real? The only way is to go through the company’s online help portal. February 1, 2017 By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk scamalamadingdong scams ftc federal trade commission facebook iTunes scams gift card scams Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related fraudster's downfall Using Only His Phone, Man Scams 217 Macy’s Stores Into Issuing Fraudulent Refunds scamalamadingdong Beware Of Fake Verizon “Tech Support” Scammers Calling From Actual Verizon Tech Support Number when a stranger calls ID Thieves Also Use Call Centers To Outsource Their Scams innocent bystanders Florida Dentist Gets Thousands Of Calls Meant For Scammy Telemarketer preventing the scam Walmart Employee Stops Elderly Couple From Losing $2,500 To “Grandparents Scam” Previous Skoal, Copenhagen & Other Smokeless Tobaccos Recalled For Containing Metal Fragments Next VW To Pay $1.25B To Buy Back, Fix Cars With Emissions-Cheating ‘Defeat Devices’ Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: VW To Pay $1.25B To Buy Back, Fix Cars With Emissions-Cheating ‘Defeat Devices’ Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Apple has $246 BILLION in cash, nearly all overseas - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream Groundhog Day Social Stream Super Bowl Get Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts Football Super Bowl Pro Football Challenge Win tickets to a Sabres/Penguins Game Nascar Schedule NFL Football Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday Groundhog Day Social Stream Pro Football Challenge WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Football Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Apple has $246 BILLION in cash, nearly all overseas Posted: Wednesday, February 1, 2017 11:05 AM EST Updated: Wednesday, February 1, 2017 1:05 PM EST The Apple headquarters at 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, California. The Apple headquarters at 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, California. The Apple headquarters at 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, California. The Apple headquarters at 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, California. Tim Cook is the CEO of Apple and serves on its Board of Directors. Before being named CEO in August 2011, Tim was Apple's Chief Operating Officer and was responsible for all of the company's worldwide sales and operations. By Paul R. La Monica NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Apple continues to mint money. The maker of iEverything had $246.1 billion in cash and investments on its balance sheet as of the end of its most recent quarter, up nearly $10 billion from the end of September. That's a new record for non-financial companies. (Banks tend to have a lot more cash than most other companies for operational purposes.) To put this into context, if Apple's cash were a separate company, it would be the 13th most valuable in the S&P 500. Apple is the most valuable, of course. The remaining dozen are Google-parent Alphabet, Microsoft, Warren Buffet's Berkshire Hathaway, Amazon, Facebook, ExxonMobil, Johnson & Johnson, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, GE and AT&T. Apple's cash pile is bigger than the market values of Procter & Gamble, Bank of America, Chevron and Walmart. And if President Trump and congressional leaders get their way, Apple and other cash hoarders may soon be able to put this money to work in the United States instead of having it sitting in foreign bank accounts collecting interest -- not to mention dust. Apple CFO Luca Maestri said during the company's conference call with analysts on Tuesday that $230.2 billion of its cash -- 94% of it -- was being held overseas. President Trump has called for a one-time tax cut to bring back -- or repatriate -- the cash that big businesses have in foreign accounts. Microsoft, Alphabet, Cisco and Oracle also have a significant chunk of their cash overseas. Trump is hoping that Apple and these other tech giants could use this cash to hire more American workers. Skeptics claim that companies will be more likely to boost dividends, buy back more stock and maybe acquire companies. That could be good for investors, but not for average Americans who have little (if any) exposure to the stock market. Apple CEO Tim Cook said during the conference call that he was "optimistic" that there will be "some sort of tax reform this year," adding that there are "people in both parties that would favor repatriation as a part of that." Cook hinted Apple might use the money on deals. In response to a question from Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty about uses for its cash, he said tax reform would be "very good for the country and good for Apple" and added that "we are always looking at acquisitions." So what could Apple buy with all of its cash? If it wanted (and I'm not suggesting at all that it will...this list is meant for the purposes of fun only) Apple could make a bigger move into media. It could buy Disney or NBCUniversal/DreamWorks Animation parent Comcast -- and have more than $65 billion left for a proverbial rainy day. Or Apple could scoop up Fox, CBS, Viacom and CNN owner Time Warner too. And it would still have about $70 billion more in its bank account. Of course, there are obvious antitrust issues with this fanciful scenario, not to mention the fact that Time Warner already has agreed to sell itself to AT&T. But Apple could go another (admittedly monopolistic) route in the world of media. Salesforce chief digital evangelist Vala Ashfar crunched the numbers and tweeted that Apple could buy EVERY team in all four professional U.S sports leagues. I wonder if this includes the new expansion NHL team in Sin City though? The Vegas Golden Knights won't hit the ice until the new hockey season starts in the fall of 2017. Another Twitter user looked at economic statistics and found that Apple would be a pretty large country if it were to become its own iNation. An iPhone in every house and a future Apple Car (if you believe the rumors) from President Cook of the United States of Apple? Probably not. It's also worth noting that Apple has been borrowing a lot in the past few years, despite having all that cash overseas. Apple's long-term debt load did fall slightly in the most recent quarter, but still stands at $73.6 billion. Still, investors love the fact that Apple's sales and earnings are back on track and that the company is increasing its cash levels too. The stock surged more than 5% Wednesday, helping to boost the overall market. Now we just need to see what Cook will do with all that Apple dough -- and how President Trump will respond to those plans. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 2 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Orlando shooter’s widow seeks jail release Noor Salman’s attorney are expected to argue that the widow is not a threat to public safety or at risk of fleeing Post to Facebook Orlando shooter’s widow seeks jail release Noor Salman’s attorney are expected to argue that the widow is not a threat to public safety or at risk of fleeing  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2jVtC0c {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Orlando shooter’s widow seeks jail release Paul Elias, Associated Press 10:56 a.m. ET Feb. 1, 2017 In this June 12, 2016 file photo, law enforcement officials work at the Pulse gay nightclub in Orlando, Fla., following the a mass shooting. (Photo: Chris O'Meara / AP) San Francisco — Lawyers for the widow of the man who carried out a deadly attack at a Florida nightclub are urging a judge to release her from jail pending trial on charges she supported her husband’s terroristic plans. Noor Salman’s attorney on Wednesday are expected to argue in an Oakland federal court that the widow is not a threat to public safety or at risk of fleeing. Family members have pledged their homes as collateral. Salman was arrested in January at her mother’s home in Rodeo, California, a San Francisco suburb. She is charged with helping her husband plan his attack of the Pulse nightclub, where he killed 49 people and wounded 53 others. Attorney Haitham Amin said prosecutors have yet to turn over to Salman’s legal team much of the evidence they have collected to make their case. Amin and court papers filed Tuesday by Salman’s lead attorney Charles Swift say it appears Salman is charged with being present when her husband was making plans to attack the nightclub. In particular, Swift cites media accounts reporting that Salman accompanied Mateen on a “scouting trip” in a car to the nightclub in the days before the attack and that she was with her husband when he purchased ammunition at a Walmart near their Fort Pierce home. Swift wrote “the evidence will show that the purported scouting trip occurred while the family was on their way home from babysitting the children of a relative, that Mateen chose to drive into Orlando and to pass by the Pulse Night Club, and that Noor, who did not possess a driver’s license at the time, was at most a reluctant passenger who wanted to go home.” Federal authorities arrested Salman in November at her mother’s suburban San Francisco home and charged her with aiding Mateen’s support of the Islamic State and then lying to FBI agents and police investigating the Orlando, Florida nightclub attack. Salman has pleaded not guilty and is scheduled to appear in federal court Wednesday in Oakland, California. Salman and Mateen lived with their 3-year-old son in nearby Fort Pierce, Florida before the attack. Salman and her son moved in with an aunt in Mississippi immediately after the attacks before settling with her mother in her hometown of Rodeo, California, about 25 miles east of San Francisco. Details of the charges remained under seal Tuesday and the U.S. Attorney’s office in San Francisco did not return phone calls from The Associated Press. Mateen told her he needed the ammo for his job as a security guard when she asked him about buying the ammunition, the court filing said. “Although Noor may have been present when Mateen was possibly making preparations, mere presence alone is insufficient to establish aiding and abetting,” Swift wrote. 2 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2jVtC0c TOP VIDEOS Metro Detroit immigrants react to President Trump's executive order. 5:23 Victim describes carjacking at Detroit gas station 2:07 Lamarr Monson released from prison 1:17 20th anniversary of Sphinx 2:27 Safe stolen from Detroit Vegan Soul 2:41 Thief steals trailer in Waterford 0:34 Protest in Hamtramck on immigration bans 1:32 DPD seeks help to identify suspect in malicious destruction at gas station 0:23 Detroit Department of Elections 'vindicated' 3:13 Man wrongly accused of fraud by Michigan speaks out 2:22
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business There's one thing missing from the new Trump hotel World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? The Feed CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India Markets Trump's first jobs report: 3 things to know Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance Couples are spending a record amount to get married Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz 'We are entrepreneurs, professors, scientists, artists' Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Glide your way through a Phoenix business trip Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out The Buzz Apple has $246 BILLION in cash, nearly all overseas by Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz February 1, 2017: 10:39 AM ET The original iPhone almost looked like this Apple continues to mint money. The maker of iEverything had $246.1 billion in cash and investments on its balance sheet as of the end of its most recent quarter, up nearly $10 billion from the end of September. That's a new record for non-financial companies. (Banks tend to have a lot more cash than most other companies for operational purposes.) To put this into context, if Apple's cash were a separate company, it would be the 13th most valuable in the S&P 500. Apple is the most valuable, of course. The remaining eleven are Google-parent Alphabet, Microsoft, Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway, Amazon, Facebook, ExxonMobil, Johnson & Johnson, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, GE and AT&T. Apple's cash pile is bigger than the market values of Procter & Gamble (PG), Bank of America (BAC), Chevron (CVX) and Walmart (WMT). And if President Trump and congressional leaders get their way, Apple (AAPL, Tech30) and other cash hoarders may soon be able to put this money to work in the United States instead of having it sitting in foreign bank accounts collecting interest -- not to mention dust. Apple CFO Luca Maestri said during the company's conference call with analysts on Tuesday that $230.2 billion of its cash -- 94% of it -- was being held overseas. President Trump has called for a one-time tax cut to bring back -- or repatriate -- the cash that big businesses have in foreign accounts. Microsoft (MSFT, Tech30), Alphabet (GOOGL, Tech30), Cisco (CSCO, Tech30) and Oracle (ORCL, Tech30) also have a significant chunk of their cash overseas. Trump is hoping that Apple and these other tech giants could use this cash to hire more American workers. Skeptics claim that companies will be more likely to boost dividends, buy back more stock and maybe acquire companies. That could be good for investors, but not for average Americans who have little (if any) exposure to the stock market. Related: Apple considering legal action over Trump's travel ban Apple CEO Tim Cook said during the conference call that he was "optimistic" that there will be "some sort of tax reform this year," adding that there are "people in both parties that would favor repatriation as a part of that." Cook hinted Apple might use the money on deals. In response to a question from Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty about uses for its cash, he said tax reform would be "very good for the country and good for Apple" and added that "we are always looking at acquisitions." So what could Apple buy with all of its cash? If it wanted (and I'm not suggesting at all that it will...this list is meant for the purposes of fun only) Apple could make a bigger move into media. It could buy Disney or NBCUniversal/DreamWorks Animation parent Comcast -- and have more than $65 billion left for a proverbial rainy day. Or Apple could scoop up Fox, CBS, Viacom and CNN owner Time Warner too. And it would still have about $70 billion more in its bank account. Related: Apple ends earnings losing streak with solid quarter Of course, there are obvious antitrust issues with this fanciful scenario, not to mention the fact that Time Warner already has agreed to sell itself to AT&T. But Apple could go another (admittedly monopolistic) route in the world of media. Salesforce chief digital evangelist Vala Afshar crunched the numbers and tweeted that Apple could buy EVERY team in all four professional U.S sports leagues. Apple has $246 billion in cash. It could buy all:@NFL teams🏈@NBA teams🏀@MLB teams⚾️@NHL teams🏒 ... and still have $94 billion left.— Vala Afshar (@ValaAfshar) January 31, 2017 I wonder if this includes the new expansion NHL team in Sin City though? The Vegas Golden Knights won't hit the ice until the new hockey season starts in the fall of 2017. Another Twitter user looked at economic statistics and found that Apple would be a pretty large country if it were to become its own iNation. Wow - Apple's $246B cash hoard is more than the GDP of Finland ($239B), Chile ($234B), Bangladesh ($226B) and 145 other countries.— Andy Leaver (@AndyLeaver) February 1, 2017 An iPhone in every house and a future Apple Car (if you believe the rumors) in every garage from President Cook of the United States of Apple? Probably not. It's also worth noting that Apple has been borrowing a lot in the past few years, despite having all that cash overseas. Apple's long-term debt load did fall slightly in the most recent quarter, but still stands at $73.6 billion. Still, investors love the fact that Apple's sales and earnings are back on track and that the company is increasing its cash levels too. The stock surged more than 6% Wednesday, helping to boost the overall market. Now we just need to see what Cook will do with all that Apple dough -- and how President Trump will respond to those plans. CNNMoney (New York) First published February 1, 2017: 10:39 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Couples are spending a record amount to get married 20 million Indians just got a 50% tax cut Apple has $246 BILLION in cash, nearly all overseas Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner A jaw-dropping 40,000 point bonus has arrived 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Apple has $246 BILLION in cash, nearly all overseas Apple has $246 BILLION in cash, nearly all overseas Posted on Wednesday, February 1, 2017 by CNN in Business News Apple continues to mint money. The maker of iEverything had $246.1 billion in cash and investments on its balance sheet as of the end of its most recent quarter, up nearly $10 billion from the end of September. That’s a new record for non-financial companies. (Banks tend to have a lot more cash than most other companies for operational purposes.) To put this into context, if Apple’s cash were a separate company, it would be the 13th most valuable in the S&P 500. Apple is the most valuable, of course. The remaining dozen are Google-parent Alphabet, Microsoft, Warren Buffet’s Berkshire Hathaway, Amazon, Facebook, ExxonMobil, Johnson & Johnson, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, GE and AT&T. Apple’s cash pile is bigger than the market values of Procter & Gamble, Bank of America, Chevron and Walmart. And if President Trump and congressional leaders get their way, Apple and other cash hoarders may soon be able to put this money to work in the United States instead of having it sitting in foreign bank accounts collecting interest — not to mention dust. Apple CFO Luca Maestri said during the company’s conference call with analysts on Tuesday that $230.2 billion of its cash — 94% of it — was being held overseas. President Trump has called for a one-time tax cut to bring back — or repatriate — the cash that big businesses have in foreign accounts. Microsoft, Alphabet, Cisco and Oracle also have a significant chunk of their cash overseas. Trump is hoping that Apple and these other tech giants could use this cash to hire more American workers. Skeptics claim that companies will be more likely to boost dividends, buy back more stock and maybe acquire companies. That could be good for investors, but not for average Americans who have little (if any) exposure to the stock market. Apple CEO Tim Cook said during the conference call that he was “optimistic” that there will be “some sort of tax reform this year,” adding that there are “people in both parties that would favor repatriation as a part of that.” Cook hinted Apple might use the money on deals. In response to a question from Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty about uses for its cash, he said tax reform would be “very good for the country and good for Apple” and added that “we are always looking at acquisitions.” So what could Apple buy with all of its cash? If it wanted (and I’m not suggesting at all that it will…this list is meant for the purposes of fun only) Apple could make a bigger move into media. It could buy Disney or NBCUniversal/DreamWorks Animation parent Comcast — and have more than $65 billion left for a proverbial rainy day. Or Apple could scoop up Fox, CBS, Viacom and CNN owner Time Warner too. And it would still have about $70 billion more in its bank account. Of course, there are obvious antitrust issues with this fanciful scenario, not to mention the fact that Time Warner already has agreed to sell itself to AT&T. But Apple could go another (admittedly monopolistic) route in the world of media. Salesforce chief digital evangelist Vala Ashfar crunched the numbers and tweeted that Apple could buy EVERY team in all four professional U.S sports leagues. I wonder if this includes the new expansion NHL team in Sin City though? The Vegas Golden Knights won’t hit the ice until the new hockey season starts in the fall of 2017. Another Twitter user looked at economic statistics and found that Apple would be a pretty large country if it were to become its own iNation. An iPhone in every house and a future Apple Car (if you believe the rumors) from President Cook of the United States of Apple? Probably not. It’s also worth noting that Apple has been borrowing a lot in the past few years, despite having all that cash overseas. Apple’s long-term debt load did fall slightly in the most recent quarter, but still stands at $73.6 billion. Still, investors love the fact that Apple’s sales and earnings are back on track and that the company is increasing its cash levels too. The stock surged more than 5% Wednesday, helping to boost the overall market. Now we just need to see what Cook will do with all that Apple dough — and how President Trump will respond to those plans. Charter hit with lawsuit for slow internet speeds Tesla Motors changes its name to ... Tesla Related Posts Obama got tough on China. It cost U.S. jobs and raised prices The steep cost of driving while black in California Thousands of Brits rush for EU passports after Brexit vote LT Supers to Fine Violators of Sewer Ordinance Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
e-Edition Obits -6° Clear Home Our Team Contact Us Advertising Info Podcast News BC News Sports BC Sports BC Games NFL Business BC Business Entertainment BC Arts & Entertainment What's on Guide Community Calendar Submit an Event Lifestyles BC Lifestyles Wine Trails Opinion BC Opinions Letters Web Poll N2K World Canada / World Sports Vancouver Impress   Place Classified Ad Browse Classifieds Haida Gwaii BC Jobs Connect with Us     News Suspicious fire closes Walmart temporarily The Prince Rupert Walmart store in the Rupert Square Mall closed its doors last week due to a small fire. — image credit: Kevin Campbell   by  Kevin Campbell - The Northern View Prince Rupert posted Feb 1, 2017 at 7:00 AM Prince Rupert RCMP continue an active investigation in what is being considered a suspicious fire, started in the kids’ clothing department in the Walmart store in Rupert Square Mall on Second Avenue West. At approximately 5:20 p.m. on Jan. 23, the Prince Rupert fire department responded to a call at the store of a small fire in the department. “It was put out pretty fast, there were no injuries, but there was some damage to the clothing and the shelving unit. Other than that, it was just a matter of cleaning up the store from the fire itself,” said fire chief Dave Mckenzie last week. “There was some dry chemical powder from the fire extinguisher and some damaged product and they had to clean everything up.” The store closed from Monday night into Tuesday afternoon for cleaning and RCMP members continued their investigation through the week inside the store. The store re-opened as of late Jan. 24.   We encourage an open exchange of ideas on this story's topic, but we ask you to follow our guidelines for respecting community standards. Personal attacks, inappropriate language, and off-topic comments may be removed, and comment privileges revoked, per our Terms of Use. Please see our FAQ if you have questions or concerns about using Facebook to comment. Related Stories Walmart charged under Public Health Act over fire food: Alberta Health Services (January 13, 2017) Police say fire at Abbotsford, B.C., home is suspicious (January 14, 2017) Cambodian opposition leader temporarily leaves refuge (October 05, 2016) Two morning fires in vacant Vancouver buildings considered suspicious (November 08, 2016) Walmart Canada will no longer accept Visa due to 'unacceptably high' fees (June 11, 2016) North Vancouver police investigating suspicious death after body found (May 29, 2016) Yonhap: Samsung temporarily halts Galaxy Note 7 production (October 09, 2016) Police investigating suspicious death after car crash in Surrey, B.C. (March 12, 2016) Community Events, February 2017 Add an Event Click here to place a job ad or call us at 1-855-678-7833 The Northern View Home Our Team Contact Us Advertising Info Podcast News BC News Sports BC Sports BC Games NFL Business BC Business Entertainment BC Arts & Entertainment What's on Guide Community Calendar Submit an Event Lifestyles BC Lifestyles Wine Trails Opinion BC Opinions Letters Web Poll N2K Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Our Mobile Apps Shop Classifieds BC Jobs Featured News Kelowna News About Us iServices Other Towns Careers Calendar Add an Event RSS Terms of Use Privacy Policy Commenting FAQ ©  2017  Copyright   Black Press, Inc.  All rights reserved. Black Press, Inc. About Us Our Titles Careers
Powersports Business Inspiring Success Through Market Intelligence News News by Brand Arctic Cat BMW Bad Boy Off-Road BRP Can-Am CFMOTO Ducati GEM Harley-Davidson Hisun Honda Indian Motorcycle Kawasaki KTM KYMCO Polaris Sea-Doo Ski-Doo Slingshot Spyder Suzuki Triumph Victory Yamaha Features Events Powersports Dealer Seminars UTV University About UTV University 2017 Power 50 About the Power 50 Application Sponsors Power 50 Dealer Headlines Blogs From the Editors Aftermarket Dealers Dealer Consultants Service Providers Resources Digital Editions Digital Downloads Webinars Advertise Classifieds Contact Us Subscribe Enews Digital Print Home » Blog Spotlight » If you advertise it, they will come If you advertise it, they will come February 1, 2017 By Ryan Brown We all remember the 1980s classic film “Field of Dreams” starring Kevin Costner. You know, the movie that coined the phrase: “If you build it, he will come.” The meaning was two-fold, that if Costner's character built a baseball field on the property that ghosts would come back and play on his field — one of the ghosts being his late father. Second, it meant that if he built it, spectators would come and pay admission to watch them play and bring him income. It is quite a great story on the outside. However, it seems apparent that perhaps far too many motorcycle dealerships are such big fans of this movie, since they have adopted the “If you build it, they will come” philosophy. So, let's just think about this for one second. Companies like Wal-Mart, Best Buy, Bass Pro Shops, Macys, etc. spend billions of dollars every year to persuade customers to come shop their stores. Billions to advertise the latest sales, trends, hot new products and value their stores can offer consumers. These companies understand that if you don’t tell consumers about your brand they will not shop your store. These companies understand the power of advertising. They follow advertising trends employing highly skilled and knowledgeable people to manage their advertising strategies. They absolutely do not rely on the “If you build it, they will come” philosophy. Billions of dollars spent every year, yet powersports dealers are sitting idle. For many it is already February and they are just now planning their 2017. Do you realize that huge retailers have been planning 2017 since Q2 of 2016? Do you ever stop and think that maybe these huge retailers might be onto something worthwhile? Many powersports dealers have adopted the “If you build it, they will come” mindset. Why? Being an enthusiast myself, I get it. You do this because it is your life, your passion, it has been in your blood since the day you were born. But why are you getting beat and not doing everything in your power to bring more customers in your door? Is it hard, absolutely it is. But we are all winners, we are all competitors, we all love our businesses, and nobody’s business is more important than the business we run. Dealers complain that it is not the heyday of powersports in the mid- 2000s, and that bike sales plummeted in 2017. You complain about your vendor’s policies. You complain about the supply chain. You complain about the internet beating you. You complain about the discount dealer kicking your butt in sales. Well, I say stop it. Take responsibility for where your business is. If you want to win, if you want to grow, if you want to sell more bikes, then go after it. Have great sales and promotions, throw great events at your store that get people excited to visit, run great advertising campaigns that convince people that you are the best in powersports. Tell people about your business! Most importantly use that passion for this industry and that drive to win .. and go do just that — win. No longer can you simply “Build it, and they will come”   It is 2017, you have to “Advertise it, and they will come." Ryan Brown is vice president of powersports at Big Time Advertising, a digital advertising agency focused solely on the powersports industry. Ryan has over 15 years of experience in the powersports industry as a rep and GM of a national top 10 multi-line dealership. He uses his knowledge of the powersports industry and digital advertising to put together winning advertising plans that deliver more leads to dealerships across the country. 2017-02-01 Kate Swanson Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website First Name * Last Name * Email Address * Click to cancel reply Latest News Kawasaki announces Q3 results February 2, 2017 Law firm to investigate Arctic Cat acquisition February 2, 2017 Power 50 dealer honored by Arizona Foothills magazine February 2, 2017 Monster Moto hires director of Retail Sales February 2, 2017 Yamaha launches CRUX Rev motorcycle in Africa February 2, 2017 SUBSCRIBE https://www.facebook.com/PSBMagazine Tweets by @psbmagazine Current Issue Copyright © 2017 • Contact Us • PSB Info • Advertising Info
Home About Archives Donate NC Policy Watch Login Remember Me Login Forgot your password? NC Policy Watch Home About Archives Donate Environment NC DEQ Secretary Regan: “I want to create an open and inclusive agency” By Lisa Sorg 2 days ago Leave a comment In Environment  Print This Post Michael Regan, the nominee for NC DEQ secretary, speaks to the NC Chamber: “I’m not afraid to ask tough questions.” (Photo: Lisa Sorg) Michael Regan hugs trees. But the presumptive secretary for the Department of Environmental Quality also shakes hands with business executives, who commonly chafe at the regulations that keep those trees standing. “There’s nothing wrong with hugging a tree,” Regan told a crowd of 150 North Carolina Chamber members on Tuesday. “But protecting the environment and a having a strong business community are not mutually exclusive.” The two previous –and unpopular — DEQ secretaries, John Skvarla and Donald van der Vaart, made similar comments when they began their respective reigns. What sets Regan apart is his experience with the Environmental Defense Fund. EDF is no Greenpeace; it’s known as a mainstream group that forges partnerships with major corporations: McDonald’s, Smithfield, Duke Energy and Walmart. Yet Regan’s embrace of clean energy, energy efficiency and environmental justice breaks from the business über alles approach of the last four years. During Regan’s tenure at EDF and EPA — at the agency he served under both Presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton — Regan learned to thread the needle between environmental protection and business interests. “”There are non regulatory and regulatory approaches to protecting the environment. I was at the nexus of policy and politics,” Regan said. “Managing scientists, spending time with stakeholders, trying to get complicated rules out of the agency. What I learned is that everyone wants a level of certainty, to be heard and to participate in a fair process.” Regan said his priorities include “unleashing the expertise at DEQ.” That expertise and knowledge, forged over decades by career employees, was chained to political considerations under Van der Vaart. Regan also plans to  address the backlog of permits and “increase transparency and stakeholder engagement.” “I’m not afraid to ask the tough questions,” he said, as many DEQ division chiefs sat in the audience. I can’t do my job without a respectful relationship with the legislature Click To Tweet Regan can expect to field tough questions during his Senate confirmation hearing, particularly regarding his time at EDF. During a special session in mid-December, Republicans invoked a little-used statute allowing them to hold confirmation hearings for Democratic Gov. Roy Cooper’s cabinet picks, presumably to derail their nominations. Those hearings, expected to be contentious, are scheduled to begin Feb. 8. Already the hard-right faction of the Republican Party, led by the Civitas crowd, has labeled Regan a radical — which he clearly is not. However, support from the chamber and its membership could help calm legislative turbulence. So could Regan’s personal history: In addition to his environmental and policy bona fides, he is an African-American from Goldsboro, an area hard hit by Hurricane Matthew. His ties to eastern North Carolina also prime him to address, and possibly begin to resolve, the environmental justice issues associated with industrialized swine farms. If Senate lawmakers fail to confirm Regan, they risk alienating voters in that part of the state. “I’m reaching out to legislative leadership,” Regan said. “They are one of our most important partners. I can’t do my job without a respectful relationship with the legislature. “I want to create an open, inclusive agency,” he went on. “To work with stakeholders, to find creative solutions to complex situations.” Possibly related posts: Gov. Cooper names Michael Regan, former EPA, Environmental Defense Fund to lead NCDEQ Math is hard, Part 2: Civitas misreports Environmental Defense Fund’s finances Michael ReganNC ChamberNC Department of Environmental Quality  Print This Post   Previous PostDoormats no more: Responding to the “Democrats should play by the rules” argument on Gorsuch nominationNext Post   Recent executive actions and rhetoric could weaken North Carolina’s economy Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Check Also US Fish and Wildlife revises plan for endangered red wolves, but Trump administration could foil it Under pressure, the US Fish and Wildlife Service ... Tweets from https://twitter.com/NCPolicyWatch/lists/nc-policy-watch-updates Featured Preliminary teacher pay data show NC teacher salaries fall short of $50,000 Policy Watch’s comprehensive coverage of North Carolina’s sweeping anti-LGBT law Previous Posts Undecided no longer – Senator Tillis will support DeVos as Education Secretary NC ACLU files public information request to find out more about enforcement of Trump’s travel ban Second LGBT legislator joins the NCGA As new superintendent settles in, major departures in North Carolina’s public schools office US Fish and Wildlife revises plan for endangered red wolves, but Trump administration could foil it State Superintendent Mark Johnson to begin listening tour in Winston-Salem National voting rights expert: Cooper and Stein should take steps to accept 4th circuit ruling Support Our Work Tag Cloud ACA affordable care act budget charter schools coal ash Crucial Conversation death penalty DHHS Duke Energy economy Education environment Gov. Pat McCrory gun violence HB2 HB2 #WeAreNotThis health care higher education immigration jobs K-12 Legislature LGBT discrimination law LGBT rights medicaid medicaid expansion N.C. General Assembly ncga obamacare Phil Berger poverty public education public schools right-wing school vouchers state budget taxes teacher pay teachers Thom Tillis Unemployment unemployment insurance voter ID Voter Suppression water pollution Web Links Blue NC Democracy NC blog Independent Weekly Blogs NC blogs for ReproRights NC Coalition for Alternatives to the Death Penalty blog NC Conservation Network NC Council of Churches Blog NCCapitol Off the Charts (Center on Budget and Policy Priorities) Orange Politics Policy Points (South by North Strategies) PoliticsNC Public Policy Polling QNotes Tax Justice Blog – Citizens for Tax Justice The People's Business (Fayetteville Observer) Under the Dome (News & Observer) Watauga Watch Western NC Health Advocates Women AdvaNCe Youth Justice North Carolina Copyright 2016 | The Progressive Pulse | A Blog from NC Policy Watch Font Size: - +
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Final Cut Pro Diary: A video novice takes the step up from iMovie Trending in Apple How to turn the 2016 MacBook Pro into a Windows gaming machine using the compact Akitio Thunder3 + GTX 1050 Ti [Video] Trending in Apple Smart Home Diary: Getting started with HomeKit Trending in Apple What’s next for iOS? We break down rumored Siri updates, Dark/Theatre Modes, AR features & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: An Apple display with built-in eGPU could be a smart move right now Trending in Apple Hands-on: Turbo charge your MacBook Pro graphics performance with the Akitio Node eGPU over Thunderbolt 3 [Video] January 31 AAPL: 121.35 -0.28 9to5Toys Last Call: 27″ Retina 5K iMac refurb $1,300, Jaybird X3 Bluetooth Earbuds $97, SanDisk 32GB Flash Drive $10, more Justin Kahn - Jan. 31st 2017 9:30 am PT @justinkahnmusic Deals View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: One (incredibly) lucky 9to5Toys reader will get a chance to own this NES Classic Zelda Edition Console Bundle for free! Take to the skies w/ DJI’s Phantom 3 Advanced Drone + 2.7K camera (cert. refurb): $539 Walmart is now offering free 2-day shipping on orders over $35 with no membership fees Parrot’s AR. 2.0 Power Edition Quadricopter Drone is now available for $170 Vespa’s creator set to unveil futuristic two-wheeled autonomous rolling backpack The SkyBell Wi-Fi 1080p video doorbell is down to only $149 shipped (Reg. $199) Raybaby keeps an eye on your baby and even monitors breathing without wires or straps LEGO Life is an Instagram-like social network for kids to share builds Xbox One Elite Wireless Controller at one of the best prices we have seen (refurb.): $90 The Edwin The Duck kids’ toy for iOS/Android can be a nightlight, more: $40 (Reg. $50) 2nd Gen. Rachio 16-Zone Smart Sprinkler Controller w/ Alexa Support $204.50 (Reg. $250), more LEGO Sets: The Batman Movie Joker Notorious Lowrider $27 (Reg. $45+), Star Wars, more eBay continues to roll out discounts on Apple-certified refurb 27-inch Retina 5K iMac: 3.2GHz/8GB/1TB $1,300 (Orig. $1,999) Jaybird’s popular X3 Bluetooth Sport Earbuds drop to $97.50 shipped, an all-time low (Reg. $130) Daily Deals: SanDisk Ultra 32GB Micro USB/USB 3.0 Flash Drive $10, Jawbone Mini Jambox Bluetooth Speaker (Refurb) $35, more Take nearly $200 off Apple’s 13-inch MacBook Pro 512GB w/ Touch Bar: $1,800 shipped (Reg. $1,999) App Store Free App of the Week: Water Minder Hydration Reminder app goes free for the first time in over a year (Reg. $3) The unique image manipulation app Bazaart goes free on iOS for the first time in years (Reg. $5) The Pixelmator image editor for iOS is now matching its all-time low at $1 (Reg. $5) RollerCoaster Tycoon 3 drops to its lowest price ever on the App Store: $2 (Reg. $5) Review: Fabriq is a tiny (and affordable) AirPlay speaker with Amazon’s Alexa Voice Service [Video] MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Timbuk2 Sale – take up to 60% off our favorite styles: MacBook Messenger Bags, Backpacks, Luggage and more! VIZIO’s 38-inch 2.0-Channel Sound Bar is on sale for $70 shipped (Reg. $100, all-time low) Aukey FM Transmitter Radio Car Kit $7 Prime shipped (Reg. $14), more Up to 50% off Men’s clothing from IZOD, Van Heusen, and others KitchenAid Professional 6000 6-Qt. Stand Mixer for $266 shipped (Reg. $330+) Games/Apps: Dishonored 2 from $30, iOS freebies, more Takeya Pitcher at its all-time low today: $11.50 Prime shipped with free shipping Mr. Coffee 12-Cup Programmable Coffee Brewer $35 Prime shipped on Amazon TwelveSouth’s new MagicBridge desk accessory for your Apple Keyboard and Magic Trackpad 2 MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: VIZIO’s 55-inch 4K Smart Ultra HDTV includes Google Cast and an Android tablet for $999 Smartphone Accessories: Aukey Bluetooth Speaker w/ 8 hours playtime and 15W subwoofer $60 shipped (Reg. $80), more Gift Cards up to 20% off: Old Navy, Gap, Banana Republic, Krispy Kreme, CVS, Jiffy Lube and more Display w/ USB ports: HP 32-inch $300, more Save an extra 20% off any Nike clearance items VUDU offers one free movie rental Contigo AUTOSEAL Transit Travel Mug for under $14 6-months of the Washington Post free as a Prime member RTIC SoftPak cooler bags starting from $70 Get a free large 1-topping pizza at Papa Johns Bon Appetit magazine with digital iPad access for $4 4-pack Philips Daylight LED Light Bulbs $8, more Juiceman Citrus Juicer w/ Two Cones for just $20 (Reg. up to $29) Free HD Movie Rental at Vudu Get two-day delivery w/ Google Express, free six month trial LEGO Building Kits: Batman Movie The Joker $35, more Farberware 2.5L Air Fryer for just $39 Harmon Kardon’s 5.1-Ch Surround Sound System for just $160 Google Play Music + Youtube Red Free Unlimited for 4-months Get a FedEx printable in-store coupon for $5 off a $15 or more iTunes rolls outs $0.99 HD movie and documentary rental sale Rent these HD Documentaries for only $1 10-Pack of highly-rated 16-Ounce Pub Glasses for just $12 AmazonBasics 14-Piece Knife Block Set at $19 Best-selling Netgear 802.11n Range Extender for $18 Dyson refurbished AM07 Tower Fan for more than $200 off 10-Piece T-fal Nonstick Oven Safe Cookware Set for $39 Mophie Powerstand for iPad w/ Lightning Connector $18 GoPro HERO Session Action Cam $180 Aukey Bluetooth Headphones $8, more Get the Hoover Carpet SteamVac for only $74 (Reg. $140) Monoprice $50 off $150+ orders: 28-inch 4K Monitor $300 2 1byone 25 Miles Super Thin HDTV Antennas for just $10 One year of premium from UPS for only $10 (Reg. $40) Here’s your Netflix February 2017 Preview Cuisinart Dual Electric Sandwich Grill $15 8-quart Crock-Pot Oval Slow Cooker $28 (Reg. up to $40) Oster DuraCeramic Countertop Grill $24 Prime shipped Nikon’s DSLR D3300 + 18-55mm Lens Kit $319, more Canon’s imageCLASS AirPrint Laser Printer $149 (Reg. $200) Denon’s 5.2-Ch. 4K Ultra HD A/V Receiver for $229 NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: The man behind the original Hoverboard returns with a new electric two-wheeler DIYers and Raspberry Pi enthusiasts have to see this walnut work bench with a hidden display The Rollcap 4K Action Camera w/ built-in 3-axis image stabilizer promises smooth video Oceanhorn 2 for iOS is being developed on Unreal Engine 4, check out these insanely gorgeous screens RBI Baseball 17 is on its way for iOS, Android, Playstation 4 and Xbox One The Rosetta Wearable Disk has over 1,000 different languages stored on it Ricoh’s new Pentax KP DSLR is weatherproof for the outdoorsy photographer Editors Keys launches Logic/Final Cut/Adobe shortcut keyboard covers Amazon launches new STEM Club Subscription Service that delivers toys each month T-Mobile is handing out a free year of Hulu streaming to former AT&T customers Denmark-based audio company Vifa unveils new Oslo Bluetooth speaker The “world’s first” Bluetooth solar earbuds launch on Indiegogo with a familiar design Razer launches the BlackWidow V2 mechanical keyboard w/ new switches Guides Deals View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu ARE YOU DOWN WITH DBCFTBA? This is the Republican plot to kill the US corporate income tax as we know it Written by Tim Fernholz Obsession "America First" February 01, 2017 We swear you'll like our big new tax idea! (AP Photo/Zach Gibson) Share Written by Tim Fernholz Obsession "America First" February 01, 2017 Donald Trump’s eagerness to pick trade fights is threatening to undermine his own party’s plan to eliminate the corporate income tax. At the very least, it’s unquestionably made it more confusing. Last week, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Trump wanted to slap a 20% tax on goods imported from Mexico to pay for a new wall along the United States’ southern border. In the context of the escalating tensions between the two countries, the idea came off as just what it was: an undiplomatic, knee-jerk proposal to punish an important trading partner targeted by the US president. But Spicer’s freelancing generated confusion about a serious proposal, developed over years, to restructure the US corporate tax system from one that taxes profits to one that taxes domestic consumption. It includes a 20% assessment on imports, but it is not targeted at Mexico, and its purpose is not to penalize trade. The concept, called “border adjustment,” is a needed counterbalance to other business tax cuts in the plan, which has key backers like House speaker Paul Ryan, House Ways and Means Committee chair Kevin Brady, and Republican tax guru Grover Norquist. But its name and disagreements over how it might affect currency markets has led many to confuse it with the punitive tariffs called for by Trump, who seemed to dismiss this feature of the tax-overhaul plan just prior to taking office. “Anytime I hear border adjustment, I don’t love it,” Trump told the Wall Street Journal in January, just days before his inauguration. “Because usually it means we’re going to get adjusted into a bad deal.” The plan also has drawn criticism from some stalwart backers of tax cuts like Koch Industries, the influential petroleum conglomerate, and Wal-Mart, the mega-retailer, which rely on imports. Yet border adjustment—and the consumption tax behind it—deserves consideration because it is what Trump might propose if he were interested in crafting policy not with the aim of offending trade partners, liberals, and the Republican establishment, but rather with the goal of bringing investment back to the US while still conceding the reality of a globalized economy. It also would fit with the world view of his trade advisor Peter Navarro, who is eager to tear down the global supply chains that undergird the success of US multinationals today. And, together with the other big changes under consideration in Congress, it might actually shift more investment toward the US without the negative consequences of punitive tariffs or the ad hoc cronyism of Trump’s twitter bullying. The corporate tax conundrum There is a consensus that the American way of taxing companies is broken, but the specific problem can be hard to agree upon. Businesses and conservatives point to the top statutory rate of 35%, the highest among wealthy countries and the only that technically applies to worldwide income, as a reason for companies to steer investment elsewhere. Consumer advocates and liberals note that most businesses don’t actually pay this rate; the average effective corporate tax rate in the US from 2007 to 2011 was 22%. Indeed, even though corporate profits have reached record highs, the amount of revenue generated by the US corporate income tax has fallen steadily in recent years. The disparity between the rate that is charged and the money that is collected is thanks to corporations exploiting tax breaks on everything from aging equipment to stock options for top executives. By far the largest effect is from the ability of corporations to defer tax payments on income earned abroad, which has led US companies to stash as much as $1.7 trillion in untaxed earnings overseas. Some of that money appears to be a result of companies shifting earnings overseas by moving their intellectual property (IP) abroad. And some firms whose income is entirely predicated on easily movable IP, like drug makers, have simply moved their headquarters to tax havens in order to escape US tax obligations entirely. The complications of creating the financial structures to execute these schemes, coupled with the inevitable bad press when they get discovered, has had companies calling for change for years. At the same time, lawmakers and consumer advocates would like to see some of that cash come back home to create jobs and stop the parade of companies threatening to leave the US for tax reasons. One frequently proposed approach is to pair the closure of tax preferences with a reduction in rates, resulting in a more economically neutral tax code. However, this framework largely crashed on the shoals of partisanship, specifically over the question of whether the new tax code should raise as much, more, or less money than the current version. Adding to the problem were fights over industry-specific tax breaks which turned any attempt at a rewrite into the lawmaking equivalent of a demolition derby. By handing the Republican party full control over two branches of government, the 2016 election has clarified the matter. Without a Democrat in the White House or a Democratic majority in either house of Congress, there is no need to bargain over whether the corporate income tax needs to garner more revenue. Its elimination is now within reach of Republican lawmakers. Their plan, as expressed in their “Better Way” policy roadmap, is to get rid of the corporate income tax and its top rate of 35%, and replace it with a 20% destination-based cash flow tax with border adjustments. A different way to tax businesses What exactly does all that jargon mean? Let’s start in the middle, with cash flow tax. Currently, companies are taxed on their income, which leads them to conduct all kinds of accounting tricks to make sure their income is as far away from the tax authorities as possible, whether “deferred” in another country, or hidden in opaque transfers between subsidiaries. Under the Republicans’ simple new framework, the government would simply tax the cash that flows through the firm, less cash expenses. That means an end to depreciation, the practice of deducting over multiple years the estimated cost of capital investments in things like computers or tractors. Companies wouldn’t need to attempt to value inventory over time, either. The complicated rules around both of these line items was a hassle for businesses and for the IRS, but talented tax professionals could, for example, exploit deductions for depreciation and debt to make the purchases of private jets essentially tax-free. Under the House Republican plan, there would no longer be any special privilege for debt over equity, as in the current tax code. Though interest payments would be deductible like any expense, borrowed funds would be taxed as income. And companies could immediately write off capital expenses—whether a factory or, yes, a corporate jet—which would be a big gift to their bottom lines but also a major incentive for investment. Economists consider this levy on corporate cash flow a consumption tax, because it falls on what consumers are ostensibly paying the company for—the value they add to their products, less the cost of the raw materials to purchase them. The Value-Added Tax, or VAT, is a popular example of this kind of consumption tax—effectively a national sales tax—enacted in many wealthy countries. Economists like to tax consumption because it’s not productive like savings or investment, and because there is so much of it. Indeed, VATs generate lots of revenue. Yet the VAT is also criticized because, as a sales tax, it is very regressive: It effects poor people more than the rich because the poor consume a greater share of their income. The major difference between the VAT and what Republicans have in mind for the US is that corporations would be able to deduct their wage costs from their cash flow, which helps push back against the regressive nature of the tax by preventing the taxation of a worker’s wages and consumption in the same mechanism. It also could cause problems for the US’ standing with trading partners around the world, as we’ll see when we’re done understanding it. The end of worldwide taxation The next feature of the plan to think about is the destination-based aspect of it. Republicans propose to end the longstanding, uniquely American idea of taxing worldwide income. At the heart of the idea is that the US government shouldn’t be intervening in the global activities of its citizens, corporate or otherwise. Under their plan, if revenue comes from overseas, it wouldn’t be taxed in the US, at all. Likewise, overseas expenses wouldn’t be deductible. If you consider for a minute about what kind of incentives this might create, one of the obvious ideas for an American firm would be to move production and intellectual property overseas, to a low-tax or low-labor cost country, while continuing to sell products in the US. Just as companies today try to shift income overseas because it is effectively untaxed there, they would similarly do so if their foreign income was untaxed by law. To battle this incentive, we finally reach the border adjustment part of the proposal. The adjustment would, at its simplest, make it so that foreign purchases by companies would not be deductible, to balance the lack of taxes on exports—that is, the tax only targets domestic consumption. A company that attempted to game a destination-based system by importing goods would pay, under the Republican proposal, a 20% tax on them, while a competitor who obtained the same goods domestically would not. That major advantage to domestic producers has attracted the attention of politicians eager to exploit the prevailing winds of protectionism. What could look better than a tax on imports? And here is where things start to get interesting and traditional tax policy alliances fray. Now instead of a generic battle between those who want to raise taxes and those who want to lower them, or even the usual intra-industry fights, the political conflict is between the importers and the exporters. To make things even more confusing, the tax plan’s biggest academic backers insist it won’t affect the US trade balance at all. Will the currency catch up? The initial flash point in all this starts with companies that import a lot of raw materials. Switching to this new system could cause, in effect, a 20% tax increase on these purchases. Companies that depend on imports, like the politically influential Koch Industries, which is one of North America’s largest importers of tar sands to be refined into petroleum products, have been paying attention. “We worry that the border-adjusted tax provision proposed in the House Republican blueprint would adversely impact American consumers by forcing them to pay higher prices on products produced in and goods imported to the US that they use every single day,” Philip Ellender, the top government relations executive at Koch, said in a statement on Dec. 7. The plan’s intellectual defenders have a different view. Two of the most prominent are Douglas Holtz-Eakin, a Republican economist who once led the Congressional Budget Office and is now president of the conservative American Action Forum, and economist Alan Auerbach of the University of California, Berkeley, who developed an earlier destination-based cash flow plan (pdf) at the Center for American Progress, the think tank that served as a Clinton administration-in-exile. “The House blueprint, as a whole, moves the US from a tax code that advantages foreign production over domestic production, to a tax code that’s neutral,” Holtz-Eakin says. But it wouldn’t create a permanent distortion, he and other proponents of the plan say, because the dollar to would quickly become more valuable relative to other currencies. This would be a natural result of companies moving to sell more products abroad due to the lack of tax preference, which means foreign buyers will need more dollars, while US companies purchasing fewer goods abroad would diminish their supply. Speculators, Holtz-Eakin says, wouldn’t even wait for the law to take effect to bid up the price of the currency. For example… Before we get into the criticisms of the plan, let’s look at a few brief examples, generated by Holtz-Eakin and Auerbach, of how it would differ from the current code. Skip ahead if you’ve got it! Consider this table showing the tax base—the amount of taxable money—from a company that purchases a third of its raw materials abroad but sells most of its goods in the US: Tax Base Revenues Wages & Salaries Capital Purchases Depreciation Deducted Purchases Interest Expense Total Current 80 -15 N/A -15 -30 -5 15 Cash Flow Tax 80 -15 20 N/A -20 N/A 25 The big difference? The company is penalized for buying goods abroad with a smaller deduction and is taxed on a greater percentage of its income. But Holtz-Eakin and Auerbach argue that their idea “does not mean that the firm does worse after-tax under the new system, because its costs of imported goods will fall” with the appreciation of the dollar. If the dollar’s value increases commensurately with the tax, by 20%, the extra cost of the companies’ imports will be washed out in the company’s after-tax income by the additional profits. But if the dollar doesn’t behave as expected, the change in plans will mean a big new tax burden for American importers. Of course, most of the biggest American companies are major importers and also major exporters. How will the tax code affect these companies? Take a company that sells an eighth of its product abroad and imports a third of its inputs: Tax Base Revenues Wages & Salaries Capital Purchases Depreciation Deducted Purchases Interest Expense Total Current 80 -15 N/A -15 -30 -5 15 Cash Flow Tax 70 -15 20 N/A -20 N/A 15 Here, the tax base is the same under both systems, which gets at the neutrality between foreign and domestic activities that the the people behind the tax are talking about. One of its most interesting features is that it will make it much harder for big tech companies to push their intellectual property to offshore subsidiaries and pay tax-deductible royalties for the use of their own designs, because overstating foreign expenses and producing abroad will no longer lead to fewer tax deductions, not more. This is the main point of the border adjustment: As co-director of the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center William Gale puts it, border adjustment “is not some wild, radical idea. It is a natural and logical part of the tax.” It keeps the tax focused on domestic consumption, while punishing efforts to manipulate cross-border transactions to gain a tax advantage. Cash flow tax meets world Not everyone likes this idea, for a lot of reasons. One key debate is whether the dollar would actually adjust the way border adjustment proponents think it would. In a world where countries have intervened in the capital markets to keep their currencies competitive, or have adopted domestic policies to protect trade surpluses, would foreign governments really allow the dollar to rise by such a large amount? “The amount of currency trading having to do directly with international trade is between a tenth and a twentieth of the daily turnover in financial markets,” says Adam Posen, president of the Peterson Institute for International Economics and a former member of the Bank of England’s rate-setting committee. “The idea that this trade adjustment is going to have any major effect on the currency is crazy. And if the currency doesn’t appreciate, this is a total attack on the rest of the world.” Should this tax policy be seen as protectionism—an attack on the rest of the world? Its backers argue that border adjustment shouldn’t be interpreted like a tariff. The key difference is the exemption of taxes on export, which its backers are counting on to increase the value of the dollar, something that wouldn’t happen if a tariff was imposed on top of the existing . Such adjustments aren’t uncommon—European VATs, after all, are border adjusted, with Parisians paying sales tax on imported Wisconsin cheddar while US tourists can get a VAT refund when they leave France with their Camembert. The problem here comes down to the rules of the World Trade Organization. It tolerates VAT adjustments because any deductions are applied equally in each market: In France, those who import from American cheese-makers pay a border adjustment while those who favor local French fromagers pay the VAT; outside of France, the patrons of cheese-makers and fromagers alike have no obligations to the French government. However, trade lawyers at the firm White & Case have looked at the Republican plan (pdf) and fear that some of its features, in particular the deduction for wages paid—which is not available to foreign firms—would violate the equal treatment rules the US has agreed to. The lawyers argue that the policy could be written into law so that it fits within WTO rules, though removing the wage deduction would make the tax even more regressive. Or, the government could simply enact it and fight out any challenges at the global body, a tactic that may appeal to the pugnacious US president but might create unpleasant amounts of uncertainty for businesses, especially if other countries adopt border adjustments of their own. The politics of taxing The uncertainty whenever a clever idea like cash flow taxation with border adjustments meets the political reality in Washington is another reason that this plan has attracted opponents. For one, it’s not clear yet how the plan will address financial businesses, and you can imagine lobbyists battling it out for loopholes—like special treatment for IP—that would unravel the benefits of the whole system. Needless to say, Democrats are skeptical that such a radical change to the corporate tax is needed at a time when Republicans are already plotting huge tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans, who already benefit from some of the lowest personal tax rates in modern US history. And while they are unlikely to be able to win many compromises on reform, they will be able to turn up the political heat on Republicans if they make the tax system more regressive to benefit corporations. “Let’s fix the tax we have by cutting rates, closing shelters, broadening the base and cracking down on tax havens,” former Obama administration economics adviser Larry Summers wrote in a recent op-ed. “That would be an important step to making our economy grow faster. It would also be fairer.” Among his concerns are whether this tax will produce enough revenue to keep funding necessary government programs. By effectively cutting taxes on corporations, Republicans are hoping to see more revenue from economic growth. The latest estimate of the plan (pdf) suggest it will cut taxes for business by $900 billion over 10 years, which leaves a huge gap for growth to make up. More likely, the deficit will be covered through borrowing. Similarly, Gale notes a missed opportunity to increase the amount of revenue under the more efficient system, not lower it. Because the corporate tax would no longer fall on profit, but on consumption, “there is no good reason to reduce the tax rate to 25/20 percent” in order to avoid bad incentives. Keeping the new cash flow tax too low could even lead tax avoiders to shift their individual income to businesses for lower rates. But Republicans, who insist that this must be a tax cut as well as a tax reform, aren’t likely to adopt high enough rates to win over liberals who appreciate the efficiency of consumption taxes. Then there’s the awkward problem of indefinite refunds. Profitable companies that sell significant amounts of goods abroad while producing or buying them mostly in the US will consistently owe negative taxes and be due for refunds. Seeing these enormous firms awarded billion-dollar refunds from the public coffers every year would not be a winning position for any politician, even if it means these corporations are heavily investing and hiring in the US. And while a failure of the dollar to adjust appropriately would undermine the plan, rapid appreciation of the dollar similarly would have negative political consequences around the world. For one, it would be an immediate wealth transfer—a boon for foreign companies and countries that have invested in US businesses or debt, like China, and an immediate loss for US foreign investments denominated in foreign currencies. On a broader scale, it would further upset the efforts of emerging markets to avoid currency problems and financial crises connected to their dollar holdings. “Mysticism about the right value of the dollar is perennial and overvalued,” Holtz-Eakin says. “If you have dollar-denominated liabilities, they are more expensive to you. If the US were to undertake a big tax reform, and you’re the finance minister of a developing country, you certainly ought to have the brains to refinance.” Unanswered questions Right now these ideas lie dormant, awaiting the shakeout in the power structures of the new administration. Trump’s own economic brain trust is riven with conflicts between globally-minded financiers and economic nationalists that seek to protect the US economy. While it’s hard to imagine Trump glomming onto any of these newfangled ideas, a destination-based cash flow tax might actually be a place for consensus between the two warring camps, combining an effort to ostensibly punish importers (even though proponents insist they won’t really be punished) while potentially cutting taxes for multinational companies. In any case, the administration and Congress have promised a big tax-reform effort will be their top priority in 2017. It’s not clear that the White House is prepared to lead a major push for an alternate policy framework that does a better job of hitting Trump’s rhetorical notes, but Ryan and Brady have been laying the groundwork for their plan in the House for two years now, giving them an advantage. “Because it’s the only live proposal out there, it’s getting an amazing amount of attention,” says Holtz-Eakin, warning that “it remains at this point a blueprint, not a bill. There is a a big distance to be traveled between what’s put out in a couple dozen pages and what will be marked up in the Ways and Means committee.” One thing’s for sure: Republican dominance in Washington hasn’t brought an end to massive social experiments designed by reform-minded policymakers and conducted by federal law. Most Popular A new theory promises to unlock your body’s full potential—and is actually scientifically sound Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search Post to Cancel
Friday, February 3, 2017 Archive My Account  Subscribe | Login Nashua-BoireFieldAirport;22.0;http://forecast.weather.gov/images/wtf/small/nskc.png;2017-02-03 04:11:12 Home Mobile Newsletters ePrint Weather Obituaries Advertise Subscribe News Local State/New England World/Nation Obituaries Crime Live News Business New Businesses Business People Sports Sport Columnist Local High School Kids Basketball Football Baseball Hockey Other National Sports Videos Food & Fun Encore Arts & Entertainment Food & Drink Lottery Telegraph Events NH.life NH Events Opinion Editorials Letters National Columns Local Commentary Reader News Community News Education Share Home & Family Health Life Sunday Magazine Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Advertise NH.life Special Sections Advertiser Media Kit Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Classified Ads Jobs Homes Yard Sales  ePrint    Help Careers Newsletters Subscriber Services Contact Print  Comments( 0 ) Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Hudson PD investigating theft of nearly a ton of clothing By DEREK EDRY Staff Writer HUDSON – Criminal charges are pending for three individuals who police say were likely involved in stealing 1,890 pounds of clothing and loading it into a U-Haul rental van. The Hudson Police Department responded Jan. 23 to a report of people removing clothing from the Planet Aid bin outside Walmart on Lowell Road, and loading it into a U-Haul cargo van. Police responded to the incident, and they said that soon afterward, they found a vehicle nearby that matched the description. ... Subscribe or log in to read more  Sign up to continue Print subscriber?    Sign up for Full Access! Please sign up for as low as 36 cents per day to continue viewing our website. Digital subscribers receive Unlimited access to all stories from nashuatelegraph.com on your computer, tablet or smart phone. Access nashuatelegraph.com, view our digital edition or use our Full Access apps. Get more information at nashuatelegraph.com/fullaccess Sign up or Login HUDSON – Criminal charges are pending for three individuals who police say were likely involved in stealing 1,890 pounds of clothing and loading it into a U-Haul rental van. The Hudson Police Department responded Jan. 23 to a report of people removing clothing from the Planet Aid bin outside Walmart on Lowell Road, and loading it into a U-Haul cargo van. Police responded to the incident, and they said that soon afterward, they found a vehicle nearby that matched the description. The three individuals inside the U-Haul were detained, and the vehicle was searched. The inside of the van, which measured more than 9 feet in length, was loaded to the brim with plastic trash bags full of clothing, police said. An employee of J.A. Miara Transportation, which weighed the bags, said she was surprised by the amount of clothing. “It was like, ‘Holy moly, they must have been really working at that,’ ” said the employee, who declined to give her name. Hudson Police Capt. William Avery was able to provide only one name. He said Keven Furtado will not face robbery charges, but will likely be charged with resisting arrest because he tried to flee the scene when the vehicle was initially pulled over. All three suspects are free at this time pending investigation. Avery said the investigation may be difficult because it isn’t easy to tell where all of the clothing was taken from, since donations in drop bins are not tracked. “Planet Aid regrets that this incident occurred, and we’re glad that it’s been resolved,” said Patrick Holland, operations manager of Northern New England for Planet Aid. Holland said a portion of the proceeds from that Planet Aid bin go to the Hudson Police Department. Planet Aid is a nonprofit that collects and recycles used textiles and donates its proceeds to support sustainable development in Africa, Asia and Latin America. Those who have made a recent donation to the Planet Aid box should contact Officer Adam Lischinsky at 886-6011 or alischinsky@hudsonnh.gov. Derek Edry can be reached at 594-1243, dedry@nashuatelegraph.com or @Telegraph_Derek. Top Jobs Contemporary Chrysler • Jeep • Dodge Ram is hiring!! Outside Sales Advertising Top Properties Forest Ridge  Forest Ridge Canterbury Apartments Nashua Technology Park Nashua Office Park Woodlands at Nashua Regency North Condominiums Site Map Local News State & New England Nation & World News Sports Business Obituaries Politics Opinion Home & Family Reader News Encore Lotteries Public Notices Connect With Us News tip Email reporters and edtiors Facebook Twitter Instagram Submit letters Contact Information Advertising Information NIE Sign up for newsletters Subscription Information Privacy Policy/User Agreement 110 Main Street Suite 1, Nashua, NH 03060, 603.882.2741 © 2017 The Telegraph, All Rights Reserved
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Mobile Is Samsung Galaxy S8's secret weapon a hit or miss? (The 3:59, Ep. 171) Is Samsung Galaxy S8's secret weapon a hit or miss? (The 3:59, Ep. 171) We dig into the super chip powering Samsung's next flagship phone, take a look at the Super Bowl in VR and bid adieu to Walmart's Prime copycat. Mobile by Alfred Ng January 31, 2017 9:29 AM PST @alfredwkng by Roger Cheng January 31, 2017 9:29 AM PST @RogerWCheng Up Next Tech companies newest cause celebre? Boycott Breitbart On today's podcast, we talk about Samsung's next Galaxy. Is its secret weapon worth all the buzz? Samsung Samsung's got a secret weapon for its Galaxy S8 with Qualcomm's latest chip, but will it work? The Galaxy S8 will be the first phone to feature the Snapdragon 835. Qualcomm has boasted about new features like longer battery life, faster charging and gigabit LTE speeds. But maybe there's a reason why Samsung's competitors are choosing to stick with the older Snapdragon processors. We chat about why Samsung's powerhouse processor might not be enough to make the phone a smash hit. Also on the podcast, we discuss Walmart dropping its Amazon Prime copycat, and if we'd watch Super Bowl highlights in virtual reality. The 3:59 gives you bite-size news and analysis about the top stories of the day, brought to you by the CNET News team in New York and producer Bryan VanGelder. Check out the extended shows on YouTube. Is Samsung Galaxy S8's secret weapon all that it's cracked up to be? (The 3:59, Ep. 171) Your browser does not support the audio element. Subscribe: iTunes | RSS | Google Play | FeedBurner | SoundCloud |TuneIn | Stitcher Does the Mac still matter? Apple execs tell why the MacBook Pro was over four years in the making, and why we should care. CNET Magazine: Check out a sample of the stories you'll find in CNET's newsstand edition. Share your voice 0 comments Tags 3:59 Mobile Qualcomm Walmart Amazon Prime Virtual Reality Samsung Related Stories Fire Emblem Heroes: What to know about Nintendo's newest game Use Logitech's Spotlight remote to make your presentations awesome You can download Fire Emblem Heroes right here, right now How to watch Super Bowl 2017 if you don't have cable Close   Discuss: Is Samsung Galaxy S8's secret weapon a hit... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Tech companies newest cause celebre? Boycott Breitbart New details on Google's Pixel 2 There's no Samsung S8, but we'll see the Galaxy Tab S3 at Mobile World Congress 2017. by Brian Tong 3:54 ZeniMax awarded $500M, AT&T launching 5G in two cities The tech world's biggest stories include ZeniMax's $500M award in its Oculus suit, AT&T bringing 5G to two cities and Snap's new AR tech can overlay images in the real world. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices 5 things that prove rich people are cheap MarketWatch Catey Hill 2 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 19 people who were far richer than today's wealthiest An anti-Trump movement is boycotting these 33 retailers Click to expand Replay Video Uber CEO quits Trump business team Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's business advisory group, sources familiar with the matter said on Thursday. Kalanick's resignation comes after days of criticism about the executive's decision to work with the president. The move could put pressure on other CEOs expected to attend a meeting with Trump on Friday. (Reporting By Heather Somerville, writing Peter Henderson; Editing by David Gregorio) Wochit Business How does Snapchat make money? Feb.02 -- Snapchat parent company Snap just unveiled its IPO prospectus, setting the stage for one of the largest tech debut in years. Much of how Snap operates has been shrouded in secrecy since co-founders Evan Spiegel and Bobby Murphy first launched the Snapchat app in 2011. What is clear is that the app is most popular with young people, which means the investor community isn’t necessarily using the app -- and has often been confused about what it does and how it makes money. Bloomberg IPO reporter Alex Barinka and Bloomberg Technology reporter Sarah Frier give a tutorial on the app and show how Snap has pivoted into other offerings, like its Spectacles glasses. Bloomberg Krispy Kreme giving away free doughnuts Emily Drooby (@emilydrooby) tells you how to take advantage of this offer! Veuer SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Warren Buffett keeps his breakfast under $3.17 CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Uber CEO quits Trump business team Wochit Business0:36 How does Snapchat make money? Bloomberg2:13 Krispy Kreme giving away free doughnuts Veuer0:42 Men's jeans could get more expensive if there's a trade war with Mexico CNBC1:12 Could this pair of eyeglasses mean the end of bifocals? The Wall Street Journal.1:23 Facebook aims to carve out a spot in the living room Wochit Tech0:46 Contractors will make a killing from Trump's infrastructure plans The Street2:32 Rare look inside the 'Desert King's' $11.9 million oasis CNBC1:32 US colleges brace for impact of Trump's travel ban The Wall Street Journal.2:38 Hotel prices for Groundhog Day more expensive than for Super Bowl Fox Business3:15 Will NRA-backed Trump actually hurt the gun industry? CNN Money2:44 Mozilla eliminates Firefox development team Wochit Tech0:40 Self-driving cars are growing less dependent on humans Wochit Tech0:43 Can Facebook keep up the growth momentum? Bloomberg2:56 Can clean energy profit in the UAE? CNN Money3:10 Celebrating 20 years of crashing cars BBC News0:39 UP NEXT Warren Buffett is worth more than $70 billion, but he often doesn’t act like it — and neither do many other affluent Americans. The documentary “Becoming Warren Buffett” that aired Monday on HBO shows Buffett, the CEO of Bershire Hathaway (BRK), eating breakfast each day at McDonald’s (MCD) . Each morning, he asks his wife to set out $2.61, $2.95 or $3.17, which determines which breakfast he gets. “When I’m not feeling quite so prosperous, I might go with the $2.61, which is two sausage patties, and then I put them together and pour myself a Coke,” he says in the film. He also still lives in the five-bedroom home he bought for just over $30,000 in 1958 in Omaha. He’s not the only rich person behaving like this: “Rich people don’t get rich by spending it all,” says Pam Danziger, a researcher focused on the affluent market and founder of Unity Marketing, which helps brands better connect with affluent consumers. “They know better than anyone that by being careful shoppers they can achieve a lifestyle several rungs up the income ladder.” There are myriad reasons that many affluent people are, well, cheap. Some of them are self-made and have spent many years before they were rich being thrifty. “Thriftiness is habit-forming,” says Scott Tucker, the president and founder of financial firm Scott Tucker Solutions in Chicago. Others fear that their wealth isn’t permanent, so they don’t spend a lot of their money. This is particularly true of the top 10% of the income spectrum, according to the 2015 Survey of Affluence and Wealth by research and polling firm YouGov. “The resourcefulness, financial independence and spending constraints that arose from the fear of the recession are now enduring attitudes of family financial management,” the study authors write. During the recession, like many Americans “fear drove them to step up their savings, cut spending, and retool their household budgets, and to become more resourceful and independent when evaluating and making significant purchases. Over time, panic has given way to confidently applying these practices to their purchasing habits.” Of course, rich people spend a ton. In 2015 alone, the affluent upped their spending by 6.6% on luxury goods — largely driven by increased spending on travel, dining out, home entertainment and cars, YouGov found. Still, many of them are very thrifty. Click ahead to see five stats that prove that: 1. They tool around town in a Ford Sure, there are plenty of loaded Americans driving BMWs, but many drive far more modest cars. Data released in August 2016 by car site Edmunds.com found that the most popular car among those with incomes above $250,000 a year was the Ford F-Series, followed by the Jeep Grand Cherokee and the Jeep Wranger; the Lexus RX and BMW X5 were only the No. 4 and No. 5 on the list. “There will always be an interest in and market for high-end exotic vehicles,” says Edmunds.com executive director of industry analysis Jessica Caldwell. “But, overall, most of the wealthiest Americans look for their vehicles to perform the same kind of functional tasks that everyone else does.” Other studies show a similar penchant for modest cars among the wealthy: Among the top 10 most popular vehicles in America’s wealthiest neighborhoods, half are nonluxury vehicles, an analysis of car-buying habits of residents of the 10 wealthiest zip codes in America by TrueCar.com found. These include the Honda Accord, Toyota Camry, Honda CR-V, Volkswagen Jetta and Toyota Prius. 2. You’ll find them in the aisles of Wal-Mart ... One in three people with a net worth of more than $5 million says they shop at Wal-Mart (WMT) , according to a survey of 1,200 ultra-high-net-worth investors released in 2014 by financial information site Millionaire Corner. What’s more, nearly half say they shop at Costco (COST) and more than four in 10 at Target. 3. …. And dropping coin at the dollar store Many dollar store shoppers make $100,000 a year or more, data released by research firm NPD Group in July found. “Considering that nearly one in five dollars spent there is contributed by the affluent, dollar stores’ value proposition clearly resonates across economic segments,” says Andy Mantis, executive vice president of Checkout Tracking, a division of NPD. The average wealthy dollar store shopper makes about one trip a month to those stores, the data showed (though, to be fair, lower income people do make more frequent trips). 4. They clip a lot of coupons Millionaire actress Kristen Bell says she’s an avid couponer. Her favorite: the Bed Bath and Beyond Coupon. And she’s not the only rich person to do so. People making over $100,000 were actually more likely than those making less to use coupons, a survey of more than 8,000 shoppers released in 2010 by deal site Deals.com found. What’s more, one in four people who often use six or more coupons during each shopping trip were affluent, reporting incomes of $75,000 or more, according to research released in 2011 by the University of Arizona’s John Davis Norton School of Family and Consumer Sciences. They’re known as “coupon divas” by the researchers. “They don’t use coupons because of financial constraints but because they perceive coupons as saving them money,” said Anita Bhappu, an associate professor at the University of Arizona. 5. They give a lower percentage of their income to charity than do other groups “The rich aren’t the most generous,” concludes a study published in the Chronicle of Philanthropy. “Middle-class Amer­i­cans give a far bigger share of their discretionary income to charities than the rich.” The data, which looked at IRS records, found that while households earning $50,000 to $75,000 give an average of 7.6% of their discretionary income to charity, households making $100,000 or more give an average of 4.2%. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money AdChoices Tax Tips from TurboTax Standard Mileage vs. Actual Expenses: Getting the Biggest Tax Deduction Beginner's Tax Guide for the Self-Employed Important Tax Deadlines & Dates 5 IRS Penalties You Want to Avoid When Married Filing Separately Will Save You Taxes AdChoices More from Marketwatch Private indicator shows slowdown in China growth MarketWatch Asian markets close mixed as Trump jitters persist MarketWatch How to avoid Johnny Depp’s financial fate MarketWatch Carlos Slim's América Móvil swings to loss MarketWatch MarketWatch View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices The 10 biggest companies you've never heard of InvestorPlace Vince Martin 2 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 3 ways Warren Buffett is not a typical billionaire 8 tips for investing in your 30s Full screen 1/11 SLIDES © Source: Shutterstock Many large businesses operate outside of public view Most Americans probably wouldn't be very surprised by the biggest companies in the Fortune 500. In order, they are Wal-Mart Stores (WMT), Exxon Mobil (XOM), Apple (AAPL), and Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.A, BRK.B). Those four companies combined generate almost $1.2 billion in revenue, and are among the best-known businesses in the world, not just the U.S. But I would imagine few Americans have even heard of the No. 5 company on the list. (Answer to come shortly.) That's not necessarily a coincidence. Many of the largest companies that do business in the U.S. or are listed on U.S. public markets aren't very well-known. Sometimes that's because the businesses are "boring" or behind the scenes. Other times, it's because those companies don't seek out the limelight. Click ahead for a list of 10 of the largest companies that most of us never even have heard of. 2/11 SLIDES © Source: Shutterstock Cargill You may not have heard of Cargill, but it is one of the biggest companies (and one of the most important) in the U.S. Indeed, Cargill is responsible for many of the foods you eat on a daily basis. The Minnesota-based company has a presence in multiple places on the American food chain. It sells eggs, beef and turkey products to food-service operators in the U.S. and around the world. It helps farmers manage, store, distribute and insure their crops. It even supplies the base for antacids and throat lozenges. It all adds up to good business: By revenue, Cargill is the largest privately owned company in the United States. The founding Cargill family still owns 88% of the company, according to Forbes, which looks like a wise decision. There are now 14 billionaires in the family, which no doubt makes for some fancy Thanksgiving dinners (of premium Cargill turkey, of course). 3/11 SLIDES © Source: Shutterstock Tata Motors Ticker: TTM The name Tata Motors may be unfamiliar to most Americans, but its luxury brands are not. Tata bought Jaguar Land Rover from Ford Motor (F) in 2008, and has restored both the Jaguar and Land Rover brands to their former prominence. Tata also is one of the biggest companies, and the largest auto manufacturer, in the fast-growing market of India. Tata has 13% market share for personal vehicles and over 40% in commercial, according to its annual report. That makes Tata a name investors should know as well. Few companies of its size -- TTM stock is worth $25 billion, and the company generated nearly $40 billion in revenue in its fiscal 2016 -- have the growth opportunities that Tata does. In India, a population over 1.2 billion offers decades of potential market growth. And overseas, the continued improvement of Jaguar and Land Rover adds more room for earnings increases. The irony of an Indian company resurrecting famous brands of the British elite has been noted by many observers. But the growth possibilities for Tata are worth mentioning as well. 4/11 SLIDES © Source: Shutterstock Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. Ticker: TSM Most Americans are more than familiar with Intel (INTC), the world's largest semiconductor company by revenue and valuation. That company has spent billions of dollars over the past decade marketing its chips to consumers, most recently with television ads starring The Big Bang Theory star Jim Parsons. But Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing is a worthy rival to the better-known Intel. While Intel is the 32nd most valuable company listed on U.S. exchanges, Taiwan Semiconductor is not far behind, as the 43rd-biggest company. That's because Taiwan Semi actually is better at driving profits than Intel; It has less than half the revenue, but nearly the same amount of profits. (Perhaps because TSM doesn't have the expense of all those fancy commercials.) And with reports of late suggesting that Taiwan Semi will be the sole supplier of processors to Apple's iPhone going forward, after displacing Samsung Electronics (SSNLF), TSM stock may soon be worth more than that of its larger, more famous, American counterpart. 5/11 SLIDES © Source: Ildar Sagdejev via Wikimedia (Modified) Sysco Ticker: SYY Like Cargill, Sysco is an integral part of the American food chain, with a huge reach. Sysco has generated nearly $50 billion in revenue over the past year, putting it at No. 57 on the Fortune 500. The company distributes food products of all kinds to restaurants, colleges, hotels and other "away from home" businesses such as nursing homes and even prisons. Sysco is a relatively newer player, however, and its growth has been impressive and consistent. According to its website, it had just $115 million in revenue when SYY stock became public in 1970. It now does over 400 times that much business. So great is its market share, in fact, that in 2015 the U.S. government blocked its purchase of privately held US Foods. The government argued, essentially, that Sysco would become too big. That's quite an achievement for a company that less than 50 years ago was one of the smallest players in its market. But with U.S. population and food demand, and international opportunities (including a large presence in Ireland), Sysco still has room to grow. 6/11 SLIDES © Source: Shutterstock Koch Industries Privately held Koch Industries likely is a bit better known than it used to be -- likely to the chagrin of David and Charles Koch, two of four brothers still involved with the company founded by their father, Fred Koch. The Koch brothers have gained some notoriety in the political world, with liberals criticizing and conservatives welcoming their spending on a variety of causes. In response, Koch Industries has run a public relations campaign to improve the image of both itself and its founding family. Still, Koch flies under the radar for most Americans not inclined to follow the political circus on a daily basis -- but that doesn't mean it's an insignificant company. Koch Industries operates more than 4,000 miles of oil and gas pipelines, manages cattle ranches and manufactures electrical components. It also owns well-known consumer brands. Its Georgia-Pacific unit makes Brawny paper towels and Quilted Northern bath tissue. Another Koch business manufactures Stainmaster carpet and Lycra fabric. There's no doubt even those ardently opposed to the Koch family's political leanings use the company's products every day. And there's little doubt that often, they don't even know it. 7/11 SLIDES © Source: Shutterstock INTL Fcstone Ticker: INTL INTL Fcstone might be the most unknown name on this list -- and it almost certainly is the cheapest stock. INTL has a market cap of just over $700 million at the moment, despite fiscal 2016 revenue near $15 billion. But INTL is a key part of the global financial system, clearing and executing trades in the commodity, currency and stock markets across the world. In the global commodities market, in particular, INTL FCStone is a key cog, as witnessed by its revenue numbers. In fiscal 2012, INTL generated $66 billion in revenue. The huge decline has come because commodity prices have fallen -- not because INTL necessarily is doing less business. As a stock, INTL is one of the more interesting plays in the market at the moment. With one of the largest businesses in the financial world, the stock still looks cheap, trading at roughly 13 times its fiscal 2016 earnings. Certainly, many investors likely have never heard of the company -- and that might provide an opportunity for those that have. 8/11 SLIDES © Source: Shutterstock Tech Data Ticker: TECD With its purchase of Avnet's (AVT) Technology Solutions division last year, Tech Data became the largest IT distributor in the world. Fiscal 2017 revenue should be around $36 billion, easily enough to push Tech Data into the Fortune 100. That's $36 billion worth of computers, smartphones, tablets and servers that go from manufacturers to customers with Tech Data's help. Investors loved the Avent purchase, driving TECD stock up 22% in a single day on the news. And there's reason to be optimistic going forward as well. IT distribution is a very difficult business: companies like Tech Data and Avnet usually make just a penny or two on each dollar in sales. It's why "bigger is better" is generally the rule in the space, and why TECD stock benefited so much from its expansion. But with technology only getting more important, and more complicated, there's little reason to think TECD can't continue to grow -- both in terms of sales and profits. 9/11 SLIDES © Source: Shutterstock McKesson Ticker: MCK Yes, McKesson is the number five company in the Fortune 500 -- even though few of us have even heard its name. But it's not just McKesson's size that makes it important. McKesson describes itself as both the oldest and the largest healthcare company in the U.S. The company distributes roughly one-third of all prescription drugs in the United States. It also supplies doctors and hospitals with supplies such as bandages, thermometers and exam tables (plus the paper on those tables that is so comfortable to sit on). The company even has a large technology division that provides key data and improves communication among doctors, health insurance companies and patients. McKesson is a vital part of the U.S. health care system, and critical to the health, and very lives, of millions of Americans. Yet, outside of its HealthMart pharmacy brand, few of those Americans likely know it even exists. 10/11 SLIDES © Source: Via Wikimedia China Life Insurance Ticker: LFC If being the largest life insurer in the world's most-populated country sounds like good business, it is. China Life Insurance is worth almost $100 billion, making it one of the most valuable companies in China -- or anywhere else. LFC generated U.S. $5 billion in after-tax profit in 2015. That's 35% more than MetLife (MET), the largest life insurance company in the U.S. In fact, LFC is worth nearly as much as MetLife and Prudential (PUK) put together. There's little reason to see China Life Insurance's growth slowing, as more Chinese join the middle class and have extra income to provide for their families. But investors do need to be a bit wary: LFC is roughly 70% owned by the Chinese government. That might imply an extra amount of risk in LFC stock, as being a minority investor alongside a one-party government has the possibility of turning out badly. Still, LFC has the largest market in the world -- and that seems enticing. 11/11 SLIDES © Pixelci/iStock/Getty Images World Fuel Services Ticker: INT You may not have heard of World Fuel Services, but you should hope they do their job well. Without it, the world economy literally would stop. WFS distributes fuel across the world, most notably for commercial airlines and military aircraft. It also provides assistance in detailing flight plans and understanding weather reports to keep those WFS-fueled planes safe. World Fuel Services also has a marine segment, which supplies commercial tankers and cruise ships with their fuel. On land, WFS gets gasoline to pumps across the U.S. It is a critical, yet unknown, part of the world's infrastructure. There are some near-term concerns around INT stock, which fell almost 14% in one day in October after earnings disappointed relative to analyst projections. But this still is a company in the Fortune 100, with critical importance to its customers. It's not as if cruise ships -- or F-16s -- can fill their tanks out of red cans, or switch suppliers at will. Once oil jitters settle, it seems likely that INT will benefit. 11/11 SLIDES AdChoices AdChoices More from InvestorPlace InvestorPlace View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Accessibility links Skip to main content Keyboard shortcuts for audio player View Navigation NPR NPR NPR Music NPR Books NPR About NPRPodcast Directory Search Toggle search NPR Home News Arts & Life Music Topics Programs & Podcasts NPR Music Genres New Music Concerts & Videos Articles & Lists Tiny Desk NPR Books Author Interviews Find Books Reviews About NPR Overview Connect Support Press Careers Podcast Directory Categories Shop Back News U.S. World Politics Business Technology Science Health Race & Culture Education Arts & Life Books Movies Pop Culture Food Art & Design Performing Arts Photography Music First Listen Songs We Love Music Articles Tiny Desk Videos More Our Blogs Corrections All About NPR Back News & Conversations Morning Edition All Things Considered Fresh Air Here & Now 1A Code Switch Embedded Latino USA NPR Politics Podcast On Point Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Youth Radio Storytelling & Humor Ask Me Another The Best Of Car Talk The Big Listen Bullseye Hidden Brain How I Built This Invisibilia Only A Game Planet Money Pop Culture Happy Hour Radio Ambulante StoryCorps TED Radio Hour Wait Wait...Don't Tell Me! Music First Listen All Songs Considered Songs We Love Tiny Desk Alt.Latino From The Top Jazz Night In America Metropolis Mountain Stage Piano Jazz The Thistle & Shamrock World Cafe More All Programs Podcast Directory NPR Podcasts Back Rock Pop Jazz Classical Hip-Hop R&B/Soul Folk Latin World Electronic/Dance Back First Listen Songs We Love All Songs Considered Reviews Music Videos Back Tiny Desk Live Concerts Field Recordings Studio Sessions Music Documentaries Music Videos Festival Recordings Back Articles Interviews Quizzes Music Lists Best Music of the Year Back Art & Design Arts & Entertainment Biography & Memoir Business & Economy Children's Books Comedy Comics & Graphic Novels Digital Culture Faith & Spirituality Food & Wine History & Society Historical Fiction Horror & Supernatural Literary Fiction Mystery & Thrillers Parenting & Families Poetry Politics & Public Affairs Romance Science Fiction & Fantasy Science & Health Sports Travel Young Adult Nonfiction Fiction Back Book Reviews This Week's Must Read My Guilty Pleasure Three Books... PG-13: Risky Reads You Must Read This Summer Books Best Books of the Year Back Overview Overview and History Mission and Vision Stations and Public Media NPR Finances People Ethics Awards Back Visit NPR NPR Presents Studio 1 Events Generation Listen Book a Speaker Request Permissions Ways to Listen NPR Extra Blog Email Newsletters Shop NPR Get Help Contact Us Back Support Public Radio Corporate Sponsorship Volunteer Back Releases and Statements Photos and Logos Fact Sheet (PDF) Media Relations Contacts Back Careers at NPR Search Jobs Culture Applying Interns Fellows Digital Back Arts Business Comedy Education Games & Hobbies Government & Organizations Health Kids & Family Music News & Politics Religion & Spirituality Science & Medicine Society & Culture Sports & Recreation Technology TV & Film Searching For 'Facebook Customer Service' Can Lead To A Scam Listen · 4:35 4:35 Toggle more options Download Embed Embed <iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/511824829/512800005" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> Transcript Searching For 'Facebook Customer Service' Can Lead To A Scam 4:35 All Tech Considered Tech, Culture and Connection Behavior Privacy & Security Social Web Innovation Twitter The Industry Searching For 'Facebook Customer Service' Can Lead To A Scam Searching For 'Facebook Customer Service' Can Lead To A Scam Listen · 4:35 4:35 Toggle more options Download Embed Embed <iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/511824829/512800005" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> Transcript Facebook Twitter Google+ Email January 31, 20178:34 PM ET Heard on Morning Edition Aarti Shahani Twitter Facebook Imagine that one day you're kicked off Facebook. It happens, regularly. You may not know why exactly. It looks like an algorithm may have done it — and now you need to reach a human being at the company to get back on. NPR has interviewed more than two dozen users in that situation — all people who rely on Facebook to do their work, make their living. Their stories, which we'll share in a separate article, made us wonder: If you needed to reach Facebook, what would you do? Many people would go online and search for "Facebook customer service." We tried that, and got this number: 844-735-4595. It was prominently displayed as the top search result on Google. Google even made it a "featured snippet" — that is, a result highlighted in a box at the top, enhanced to draw user attention and lend credibility. Enlarge this image Until recently, a phone number at the top of Google search for "Facebook customer service" led callers to a scam, NPR has found. Google/Screenshot by NPR hide caption toggle caption Google/Screenshot by NPR Until recently, a phone number at the top of Google search for "Facebook customer service" led callers to a scam, NPR has found. Google/Screenshot by NPR Please do not call it. You will get someone real — just not from Facebook. The first time NPR called, someone picked up and then put the phone down — maybe on a table. You could hear mumbling in the room. It felt suspicious. So NPR gave the number to Pindrop, a company that specializes in phone fraud. A Pindrop researcher, who has to remain anonymous for his work, called up and recorded as he pretended to be a Facebook user in distress. A Pindrop Researcher Calls A Fake Facebook Customer Service Number 7:15 Toggle more options Embed Embed <iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/511824829/512000179" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> A call center operator named "Steven" — who, according to Pindrop analysis, is based in India — says: "Thanks for calling Facebook." He is pretending to be a Facebook employee. Article continues after sponsorship The Pindrop researcher plays along and explains he is locked out of his Facebook account. He needs help getting reactivated. "Steven" gives him very unusual advice: Go to a Wal-Mart or a Target. "Just walk up over there and tell them to provide you an iTunes card. OK? And on the backside of that iTunes card there would be a 16-digit security code." All Tech Considered From Hate Speech To Fake News: The Content Crisis Facing Mark Zuckerberg Maybe you see where this is going. Steven continues: "You need to call us back on this same number and provide me that 16-digit security code so that I can activate that access and we'll be giving you the password for your new — for your old account." This is a scam. The top Google search result for "Facebook customer service" led to a person asking for codes on iTunes gift cards. This is a well-known method of stealing from innocent people online. (Both Apple and the Federal Trade Commission have issued alerts about it.) That toll-free "Facebook" line was not just on Google. That number and others have been circulating on Facebook itself, on pages where users are asking for help, for at least a year. In one instance, a user asked whether the number was valid and a member of the company's Help Team responded: "There isn't a number to contact Facebook. ... It sounds like the email or notification you saw is likely a scam." It's unclear whether the Help Team member reported it to her superiors to investigate. All Tech Considered A Real-Life Tax Scam: This Is What IRS Phone Fraud Sounds Like "Wow. Wow. Wow. That's crazy," says Marty Weintraub, founder of Aimclear Marketing. He wrote a leading industry book on Facebook advertising, long before the rest of the world realized the company would dominate the Internet economy. "This is an astonishing result." He also wrote a book on how to manipulate search results, to get your brand or product up on top. He knows that companies monitor their search results, to see what their customers want, and that criminals and competitors try to exploit powerful brands. These are standard practices. What Weintraub finds astonishing is that a term as basic as "Facebook customer service" slipped through the cracks. "It's not like somebody's searching for 'Hey, what color are Mark Zuckerberg's socks?' It's not like it's something that's off the beaten path," Weintraub says. "So one would think that a company as large as Facebook would be monitoring [the] search engine results page for a major query surrounding their services." All Tech Considered Fixing Your Online Reputation: There's An Industry For That According to Google data, "Facebook customer service" gets searched, on average, about 27,000 times a month in the U.S. Weintraub says that is sizable, that Facebook should have known about it "almost the first minute" it came up, and that the company should have guarded its users. "I'd be so scared," he says. "These are people who are looking for help with the product and they're getting scammed. OMG." NPR informed Facebook and Google about the scam line. Facebook said that it has been investigating the group associated with this toll-free number for some time; that this group is targeting many platforms; and that it's up to Google to explain why it displays certain search results. A Google spokesperson said in a statement that the company has taken steps to remove the fraudulent number. Neither company explained how the prominent search result went unnoticed. And to be clear, Facebook does not have a phone number for regular users to call. It does have an online help center, located here. (Facebook pays NPR and other leading news organizations to produce live video streams.) NPR's Aarti Shahani has started a page on Facebook for people to share concerns about the platform. It's called Tell Zuck. If you use Facebook for work, and find you're unable to reach the company, tell her your story at www.facebook.com/tellzuck. scams Facebook Facebook Twitter Google+ Email All Tech Considered Tech, Culture and Connection All Tech Considered Tech, Culture and Connection About All Tech Considered explores how technology is changing culture and connection. Reach us on Twitter @NPRAllTech or contact us via our handy form. Subscribe RSS @npralltech More tech stories Read more technology coverage from NPR. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor Homepage News U.S. World Politics Business Technology Science Health Race & Culture Education Arts & Life Books Movies Pop Culture Food Art & Design Performing Arts Photography Music First Listen Songs We Love Music Articles Tiny Desk Videos Programs About NPR Overview NPR Finances People at NPR Support NPR Visit NPR Press Room NPR Extra Blog Careers at NPR Corrections NPR Ombudsman Permissions Help Contact Terms of Use Privacy Sponsorship Choices Text-Only
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Ask & Answer Rural Opinion Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Submit a Letter more Ask & Answer Most Popular Most Recent No arrest yet in fatal shooting near Coggon Sign language becoming part of Mount Vernon basketball dialogue Linn County Sheriff's Office continues investigating fatal shooting near Coggon Budget cut bill guts Iowa Cultural Trust Iowa State coaching search could include some familiar wrestling names Cornell dominates in first win over Coe since 1999 Hawkeyes complete sweep of Rutgers Iowa City High blazes past Linn-Mar Iowa City looking for Climate Action Steering Committee members Iowa House panel votes to bolster Iowa immigration enforcement Letter: Trump lacks negotiation skills By Alan Light Feb 1, 2017 at 12:01 am | Print View A 20 percent tax on products imported from Mexico will be paid by Americans, not Mexicans. Americans eat a lot of produce from Mexico, particularly at this time of year. That produce will cost 20 percent more. Americans buy a lot of products at Wal-Mart and elsewhere that will cost 20 percent more. Automobiles made in Mexico will cost Americans 20 percent more. Perhaps Mexico will retaliate with an import tax of its own on American products. American companies will sell less product to Mexico and cut their workforce. It’s a lose/lose situation. The same thing will happen if and when Donald Trump starts a trade war with China next, on an even bigger scale. If this is how the great businessman negotiates, God help us all. Alan Light Iowa City Your next Letters to the Editor articles Letter: Voter fraud is not substantiated Letter: President Trump should pay for w ... DeVos is not a friend of public educatio ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
null
CLOSE Local All Local Local News Local Sports Local Features Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Magazines Weather Events Nuptials Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Obituaries On the Record Church Directory News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Living Science & Technology Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Classifieds Front Page Place an Ad Top Jobs Monster Jobs Call an Expert Sheriff Sales Contact Us About Us Advertise Submissions Subscribe Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Forgot / Reset Password Manage your account Apple E-Edition App Android E-Edition App Archives Local Directory E-Edition Weather Subscribe Contact Us Free Time Local Directory Magazines Buy Photos Local All Local Local News Local Sports Local Features Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Magazines Weather Events Nuptials Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Obituaries On the Record Church Directory News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Living Science & Technology Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Classifieds Front Page Place an Ad Top Jobs Monster Jobs Call an Expert Sheriff Sales Contact Us About Us Advertise Submissions Subscribe Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Forgot / Reset Password Manage your account Apple E-Edition App Android E-Edition App Archives Local Directory On the Record Police, Fire – February 1 By Staff Reports - 1/31/17 7:55 PM Franklin Battery 100 block of Lionel Lane: Police responded at 9:37 a.m. Monday to a report of battery. Burglary 2400 block of Blackthorn Drive: Police responded at 3:14 a.m. Tuesday to a report of burglary. Counterfeiting Circle K, 349 U.S. 31 North: Police responded at 1:35 p.m. Monday to a report of someone trying to pass a fake $50 bill. Fraud Report made at police department, 2801 U.S. 31 North: Police responded at 9:20 a.m. Monday to a report of fraudulent bank transactions. Thefts Property-damage accidents 7:02 p.m. Monday — Lynhurst Avenue and Younce Street Greenwood Criminal mischief 1000 Padre Lane: Police responded at 1:40 p.m. Monday to a report of shooting out a street light. Forgery Starbucks, 1035 E. Main St.: Police responded at 6:05 p.m. Monday to a report of counterfeiting. Thefts West Stop 18 and Averitt Road: Police responded at 3:44 p.m. Monday to a report of theft. Walmart, 882 S. State Road 135: Police responded at 11:30 a.m. Monday to a report of theft. A man was arrested on an outstanding warrant and on a charge of theft. Ray Skillman Ford, 1250 U.S. 31 South: Police responded at 8:48 a.m. Monday to a report of auto theft. Personal-injury accident 2:46 p.m. Friday — County Line Road and Janet Drive: Janan K. Durban, 67, Indianapolis, reported a fracture or dislocation in an elbow or lower arm; John W. Bedan, 80, Greenwood. Property-damage accidents 7:40 p.m. Saturday — State Road 135 South and Smith Valley Road 6:48 p.m. Saturday — Main Street and South Park Boulevard 9:20 p.m. Friday — East County Line Road and Graham Road 1:45 p.m. Friday — Main Street and Emerson Avenue 7:16 a.m. Thursday — Pinecrest Drive and Worthsville Road Johnson County Battery 3100 block of East Edinburgh Street: Police responded at 5:41 p.m. Monday to a report of battery. Thefts 6800 block of East State Road 44, Franklin: Police responded at 3:35 p.m. Monday to a report of tools stolen from a truck. Personal-injury accident 1:13 a.m. Tuesday — 6587 Nineveh Road — Allen D. Skaggs, 60, Franklin, reported back pain. Jail bookings The following people recently were arrested and booked into the Johnson County jail: Kelsey T. Kukesh, 25, 1016 Westwood Drive, Crawfordsville; arrested on a warrant for failing to appear in court; held on $500 bond. Carol A. Johnson, 52, 155 Lionel Lane, Franklin; arrested on a charge of battery; held on $1,000 bond. Christina Lataya Day, 33, 4745 W. Naomi St., Indianapolis; arrested on a charge of driving while suspended; held on $2,000 bond. Natasha Marie Fahmy, 32, 1030 W. County Line Road, Indianapolis; arrested on a charge of driving while suspended; released on $250 bond. Elizabeth Kaye Hall, 28, 742 Holly Roase Way, New Whiteland; arrested on an out-of-county warrant; held without bond. McBryan Dewayne Groler, 22, 5931 Timber Lake Way, Indianapolis; arrested on a warrant for failing to appear in court; released on $350 bond. William C. May, 29, homeless; arrested on charges of resisting an officer, battery on a public safety official, auto theft or receiving auto parts, and on out-of-county warrants; held without bond. Santino Martin Gilk, 33, 1933 E. Dublin Grandville Road, Columbus, Ohio; arrested on an out-of-county warrant; held without bond. Matthew Eugene Perkins, 30, 3375 Roundlake Lane, Whitestown; arrested on charges of theft or receiving stolen property and on a warrant for failing to appear in court; held on $1,500 bond. Ryan David Wilson, 30, 4771 S. Morris Town Pike Road, Greenfield; arrested on a warrant for failing to appear in court; released on $608 bond. Eric W. Smith, 37, 2133 Galaxy Drive, Franklin; arrested on a charge of probation violation; held without bond. Brian C. Steele, 37, 2220 Village Crossing Drive E, Apt. E, Greenwood; arrested on a charge of contempt of court; held on $3,000 bond. Sherry L. Caldwell, 36, 620 Park Madison Court, Apt. H, Greenwood; arrested on charges of probation violation; held without bond. Patricia Marie Hall, 36, 212 Morlen Drive, New Whiteland; arrested on warrants for failing to appear in court; held on $1,188 bond. Jessie Lee Simpson, 37, 708 S. Roosevelt Ave., Edinburgh; arrested on a charge of probation revocation; held without bond. Keith Michael Cherry, 28, 446 Della Road, Columbus; arrested for probation revocation; held without bond. Mary K. Cordaro, 54, 4325 Catherwood Drive, Indianapolis; arrested on a warrant for failing to appear in court; held on $500 bond. Trena Louise Brooks, 54, 3272 Sextant Drive, Franklin; arrested on a charge of violation of community corrections; held without bond. Travis Dean Burdine, 36, 5570 E. Rocklane Road, Greenwood; arrested on a charge of contempt of court; released on $250 bond. Charles E. Denson Jr., 23, 732 Westbury E Drive, Apt. C, Indianapolis; arrested on a charge of driving while suspended; held on $1,000 bond. Rustin Johnson, 43, 2802 Country Estates Drive, Indianapolis; arrested on charges of driving while suspended, possession of marijuana and possession of paraphernalia; held on $6,400 bond. Dominic Goings, 20, 806 Wallington Circle, A, Greenwood; arrested on charges of carrying an unlawful handgun and possession of marijuana; held on $4,300 bond. Donna Marie Goodman, 48, 1090 W. Rustic Lane, Whiteland; arrested on a charge of violation of community corrections; held without bond. Jeremy D. Hedger, 41, 1020 Legal Tender Road, Elizabethtown; arrested on a charge of possession of paraphernalia; held on $1,000 bond. Rhiannon N. Mitchel, 29, 1441 W. County Road 700S, Columbus; arrested on charges of possession of cocaine, narcotics or methamphetamine, possession of a controlled substance, restricted use of a drug injection device and possession of paraphernalia; held on $4,600 bond. Larry D. Adams, 56, 5750 W. County Road 500N, West Whiteland Road, Bargersville; arrested on an out-of-county warrant; held without bond. The following person recently was arrested on a charge of driving while intoxicated and booked into jail: Lisa M. Ramey, 46, 1649 Pinecone Lane W, Apt. A, Greenwood; also arrested on a charge of driving while suspended; held on $2,000 bond. STAY CONNECTED 11,688FansLike 3,615FollowersFollow ABOUT USNobody covers Johnson county and the surrounding areas like Daily Journal. Contact us: editorial@dailyjournal.net FOLLOW US © All content copyright Daily Journal, a publication of AIM Media Indiana unless otherwise noted. Click here for privacy policy
Tax calculatorBudget news | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Budget 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise PRESENTING SPONSOR CO-SPONSOR PARTNERS Home » Opinion Last Modified: Wed, Feb 01 2017. 10 31 AM IST Apple’s glorious past casts pall on pedestrian present Part of Apple’s thrilling success in the last decade was its improbable rate of sales growth. Now, the growth is nowhere near its past performance Subscribe to our newsletter. Shira Ovide On the heels of Apple’s first annual revenue decline in 15 years, the company on Tuesday posted a revenue gain of 3.3% in its fiscal first quarter ended 31 December. Photo: Reuters New York: Don’t get lulled into complacency. Everything is not fine in the Apple Inc. empire. On the heels of Apple’s first annual revenue decline in 15 years, the company on Tuesday posted a revenue gain of 3.3% in its fiscal first quarter ended 31 December. That was better than Wall Street’s recalibrated expectations, and Apple’s sizable profit margins expanded further. Shares rose in after-hours trading. Still, part of Apple’s thrilling success in the last decade was its improbable rate of sales growth. Now, the growth is nowhere near Apple’s past performance. Until last year, Apple’s annual sales had climbed by at least 7%—and often much more—for 14 consecutive years. The 3% sales growth in the December quarter wasn’t much better than that of an even larger and utterly conventional company—Wal-Mart Stores Inc., which analysts expect to report a 1.2% revenue gain for its holiday quarter. Do you think Steve Jobs would have wanted his company to be mentioned in the same breath as Wal-Mart? One sign of Apple’s new reality is how little lift it got from a brand new iPhone. During the previous two holiday quarters after Apple released a radically new iPhone—in 2014 and 2012—unit sales of the iPhone jumped 46% and 29%, respectively, from the same period a year earlier. The iPhone 7 models were billed as a significant redesign, but unit sales rose only 4.7% from a year earlier. Apple might need another three to six months to show whether expectations are reasonable for a solid pickup in iPhone sales and a return to less Wal-Mart-ish rates of sales growth. The high-end of Apple’s revenue guidance for the March quarter would mean a 6% revenue growth rate for the quarter. Apple tends to be conservative with its forecasts. It’s good that Apple’s revenue should perk up compared with the awful fiscal 2016 declines. It’s not great, though, that the investment world is already looking ahead to how much the 10th anniversary iPhone model, expected later this year, might spur people to replace their old phones. Bernstein Research estimates Apple’s iPhone revenue will jump 14% in fiscal 2018. On average, stock analysts expect Apple’s total fiscal 2018 revenue to increase by 7%, according to Bloomberg data. That is a lot of hope riding on a new iPhone that the public hasn’t seen yet. For now, it’s best to get accustomed to a more boring stage of Apple’s financial life. The iPhone generates about two-thirds of Apple’s annual revenue, and it will be tough for the company to match earlier years’ pace of sales growth. Other promising businesses, including internet products like apps and Apple Music subscriptions, are struggling to fill an iPhone-sized revenue hole. Apple’s internet services generated $24 billion in revenue in fiscal 2016; Apple’s iPhone revenue fell by more than $18 billion for the year. Apple has experienced other slow patches before, most recently in 2013 and 2014 when it looked as if Apple’s incredible growth engine had run out of steam. It turned out that was merely a temporary lull before Apple re-ignited sales growth with the iPhone 6. But the winds are not at Apple’s back as they were a few years ago. Sales of new smartphones globally have slowed to a crawl, and people are holding onto smartphones for longer as recent technology improvements have been nice rather than must-have. Apple can no longer count on iPhone sales growth in China, where the company has stiff local competition. Apple’s revenue from the region comprising China, Hong Kong and Taiwan fell 12% in the three months ended in December. That was not as bad as the China declines in prior quarters, but it’s still not good. The next smartphone growth markets such as India are not ideally suited to Apple. It may not be fair, but Apple is treated differently from most other public companies. Its performance is not measured against competitors, because no company is in the same league on profits, global scale and ability to charge higher prices for products while rivals are cutting theirs. No, Apple tends to be measured against its own remarkable track record. On that score, the current edition of Apple is found wanting. Bloomberg Shira Ovide Topics: AppleApple revenuesalesiPhoneChina More From Livemint READ MORE India’s gold demand falls 21% in 2016: World Gold Council report Amazon likely to ramp up investments in India, despite drag on profits Aircel-Maxis case: A timeline of events that led to the Marans being discharged First Published: Wed, Feb 01 2017. 10 28 AM IST Editor's Picks Union Budget 2017: The hits and misses, according to Montek Singh Ahluwalia Ola’s valuation marked down 40% by US’s Vanguard Group The silver lining in H1B visa reforms Latest News India’s gold demand falls 21% in 2016: World Gold Council report Amazon likely to ramp up investments in India, despite drag on profits Aircel-Maxis case: A timeline of events that led to the Marans being discharged India’s gaming industry to touch $801 million by 2022: Report Start-ups, FDI to enjoy relief from new tax on unlisted firms Mint On Sunday The real dangal What's really behind the Bhangar agitation? Letter from... earth The four-and-a-half-day week Of the Australian Open and why the old codgers still dominate tennis  Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Budget 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 40° Low 28° High 48° Fayetteville 33° Low 25° High 42° Bentonville 27° Low 26° High 41° See complete forecast Walmart Launches Free Two-Day Shipping Posted 10:26 am, January 31, 2017, by Shawnya Meyers Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email × Walmart Launches Free Two-Day Shipping BENTONVILLE (KFSM) — Walmart announced the company will be offering free two-day shipping starting on Monday (Jan. 31). Millions of items qualify for the free two-day shipping to home or store, according to a company news release. Household goods, pet products, food, cleaning supplies, beauty supplies, electronics and toys will all be eligible. The minimum purchase for free home shipping is $35, which is down from $50. There is no minimum purchase price for free site-to-store shipping. “I couldn’t be more excited. We are moving at the speed of a startup,” said Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart U.S. eCommerce. “Two-day free shipping is the first of many moves we will be making to enhance the customer experience and accelerate growth.” Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. 1 Comment Shelly J Butrymoicz Could someone tell me more about shipping food to my home? I’m home bound and need help. January 31, 2017 at 10:37 pm Reply Report comment High Five See the positive news of the day! Popular 2016-17 Arkansas Basketball Schedule Rattlesnake Slithers Out Of Texas Family’s Toilet, Then They Find 23 More Underneath Their Home Police: Remains of Newborn Found In Cardboard Box Inside Refrigerator Police: Fayetteville Man Arrested For Molesting Children California Father Dies After Tooth Infection Spreads To Lungs Latest News 2016-17 Arkansas Basketball Schedule VIDEO: Jimmy Dykes Recaps Loss To Georgia Fayetteville’s Banner Supporting ‘Black Lives Matter’ Goes Viral Fort Smith School Board Rejects Lawsuit Settlement Tiny Homes Fad Reaches Northwest Arkansas News Apple’s AirPods Finally Go On Sale News Walmart Tests Pickup Vending Machine At Rogers Store News ORT To Offer Fayetteville/Bentonville Commuter Route News Report: Walmart To Cut Nearly 1,000 Jobs By End Of Month News Deals And Discounts For Our Military On Veterans Day News Walmart Pulls ‘Bulletproof’ Black Lives Matter Items After Police Object News Black Friday: Here’s When Target, Wal-Mart, Best Buy, Other Major Stores Will Open News Walmart Unveils Black Friday 2016 Deals News Walmart To Add 10,000 Retail Jobs, Invest In Training In 2017 News Here’s How You Can Get A Free Krispy Kreme Doughnut On Election Day News Veterans Day Events In Our Area News QuikTrip Employee, Oklahoma Teacher Salary Comparison Sparks Debate News Police Searching For Suspects Who Stole IPhone From Walmart Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices With a crippling border tax looming, retailers head to Washington CNBC Krystina Gustafson 2 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 19 people who were far richer than today's wealthiest An anti-Trump movement is boycotting these 33 retailers Click to expand Replay Video Uber CEO quits Trump business team Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's business advisory group, sources familiar with the matter said on Thursday. Kalanick's resignation comes after days of criticism about the executive's decision to work with the president. The move could put pressure on other CEOs expected to attend a meeting with Trump on Friday. (Reporting By Heather Somerville, writing Peter Henderson; Editing by David Gregorio) Wochit Business How does Snapchat make money? Feb.02 -- Snapchat parent company Snap just unveiled its IPO prospectus, setting the stage for one of the largest tech debut in years. Much of how Snap operates has been shrouded in secrecy since co-founders Evan Spiegel and Bobby Murphy first launched the Snapchat app in 2011. What is clear is that the app is most popular with young people, which means the investor community isn’t necessarily using the app -- and has often been confused about what it does and how it makes money. Bloomberg IPO reporter Alex Barinka and Bloomberg Technology reporter Sarah Frier give a tutorial on the app and show how Snap has pivoted into other offerings, like its Spectacles glasses. Bloomberg Krispy Kreme giving away free doughnuts Emily Drooby (@emilydrooby) tells you how to take advantage of this offer! Veuer SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Coach CEO: Any border tax will lead to higher prices for consumer CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Uber CEO quits Trump business team Wochit Business0:36 How does Snapchat make money? Bloomberg2:13 Krispy Kreme giving away free doughnuts Veuer0:42 Men's jeans could get more expensive if there's a trade war with Mexico CNBC1:12 Could this pair of eyeglasses mean the end of bifocals? The Wall Street Journal.1:23 Facebook aims to carve out a spot in the living room Wochit Tech0:46 Contractors will make a killing from Trump's infrastructure plans The Street2:32 Rare look inside the 'Desert King's' $11.9 million oasis CNBC1:32 US colleges brace for impact of Trump's travel ban The Wall Street Journal.2:38 Hotel prices for Groundhog Day more expensive than for Super Bowl Fox Business3:15 Will NRA-backed Trump actually hurt the gun industry? CNN Money2:44 Mozilla eliminates Firefox development team Wochit Tech0:40 Self-driving cars are growing less dependent on humans Wochit Tech0:43 Can Facebook keep up the growth momentum? Bloomberg2:56 Can clean energy profit in the UAE? CNN Money3:10 Celebrating 20 years of crashing cars BBC News0:39 UP NEXT A Republican proposal that would tax retailers on goods they import and sell in the U.S. still has more questions than answers.  But that hasn't stopped industry leaders and trade groups from increasing the pressure they're putting on Washington, D.C., as they fight against a policy critics say could put some of these companies out of business. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▲ 66.70 +0.47 +0.71% Target Corp TGT ▲ 63.68 +0.01 +0.02% Fossil Group Inc FOSL ▼ 24.75 -0.17 -0.68% Nike Inc NKE ▼ 52.80 -0.22 -0.41% A "large number of CEOs" have been to D.C. in recent months, to share their concerns about a so-called border adjustment tax, David French, senior vice president for government relations at the National Retail Federation, told CNBC. When factoring in visits from CFOs, those numbers are "easily" in the double digits, French said. Separately, a vice president at the Retail Industry Leaders Association (RILA) recently told Jefferies that participants across the industry have reached out to the group about the issue, "including retailers who typically do not engage in public policy issues," Jefferies analyst Randal Konik said. That trade group's members include major retailers like Target (TGT), Home Depot (HD), J.C. Penney (JCP), Wal-Mart (WMT) and Nike (NKE). Of those retailers, only Target immediately responded to CNBC's request for comment, saying it is "closely monitoring the ongoing discussions on tax reform and the impact of the House's proposed border adjustability tax on our guests." Politico reported last week that Target CEO Brian Cornell was one of the industry executives who went to Washington to speak out about the tax. "In the last decade, no issue has galvanized the industry more than this one," Brian Dodge, senior executive vice president of public affairs at RILA, told CNBC. Details regarding a potential border tax are largely a question mark, though a 20 percent adjustment has been most frequently discussed. The White House has floated the idea of using an import tax as a way to pay for the wall President Donald Trump wants built between the U.S. and Mexico. Yet while some argue that such a tax would increase the value of the dollar, and therefore lower the cost of imports, analysts maintain that most apparel and footwear brands would be forced to raise prices for consumers. "Any border tax will of course lead to higher prices for the consumer. That's just the reality that we'll have to face if it comes to that," Coach CEO Victor Luis told CNBC's "Closing Bell" on Tuesday in the video above.© Provided by CNBC Companies with less pricing power than a luxury handbag maker would be in an even tougher spot, as they'd have a difficult time persuading consumers to spend more on their products. Even if they did raise prices, some retailers could see their profitability cut by 70 percent, according to an analysis by Cowen & Company. "It's going to accelerate the losers," Greg Petro, president and CEO of First Insight, told CNBC. His firm helps retailers select the right price for their products to maximize profitability. Cowen's analysts said relative winners in a border adjustment scenario are multinational retailers with a significant chunk of international revenue (think Nike (NKE) or Fossil (FOSL)). On the flip side, companies that import goods and generate 100 percent of their sales domestically, like Target, will struggle. So will specialty shops like Gap (GPS), American Eagle (AEO) and Urban Outfitters (URBN), Cowen said. As the retail industry continues to lobby against the tax, Pressure is also heating up on the other side of the aisle. The Alliance for Competitive Taxation, whose members include IBM (IBM) and MasterCard (MA), said in a statement last week said that it supports the House Republican tax reform blueprint. That blueprint includes a border adjustment tax. A source close to the matter told CNBC last week that Wal-Mart and Nike exited that alliance because they would not support a border tax. Representatives for ACT, Nike and Wal-Mart did not return CNBC's requests for comment. "These coalitions are starting to fray around the edges because the House blueprint... creates such diverse winners and losers," NRF's French said. "If you're on the winners side you're like, 'Rah rah, this is great.' If you're on the losers' side, this could put you out of business." Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Case Studies Case Finder Pinpoint the case evidence you need – search by industry, objective, media and more. Latest Awards Browse campaigns from the world's leading advertising and marketing effectiveness awards. Warc Prizes The latest from our annual case study competitions. Warc 100 Our ranking of the world's best marketing campaigns and companies. Topics Warc Index Browse Warc by subject. Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Geographies Industry sectors Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences Best Practice Key Warc papers on marketing best practice. Company Profiles In-depth analysis of 200 global brand owners. Strategy Toolkit Develop your skills as a marketing strategist. ROI Benchmarker Compare your ROI with the Warc database. Pitch Support Get the edge you need in new business. Trends Latest Trends Latest reports from Warc and trusted partners offering unique insights into current trends. Consumers The driving forces behind consumer behaviour. Industries New developments for industries and sectors. Marketing Strategic insight for the marketing of brands. Media & Tech Latest innovations in media and technology. Geographies Insight and intelligence for countries and regions. News News Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide. The Warc Blog Insights, opinions and fresh new thinking from our team of bloggers around the world. Data Data homepage Overview of databases, forecasts and reports. Adspend Database Annual ad expenditure data for 96 markets. Media Costs Database Compare costs by media and target audience. Adspend Forecasts International and Consensus ad forecasts. Media Consumption Trends by primary media and second screen. Global Marketing Index A monthly indicator of the state of the industry. Events Event Reports Key briefings from major conferences and events in the US, Europe and Asia Pacific. Event Listings Plan your schedule of must-attend events with our global calendar of conferences. Warc Webinars Learn how to tackle key marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars. About About Warc Content & Partners What Our Clients Say Copyright Policy Help Client Services Request a Trial Contacts Warc Store For our market-leading publications and events Log In Advanced Search Contact us on +1 202 778 0680 Do I Subscribe? Toggle navigation Case Finder Index Trends Warc 100 ROI Benchmarker Event reports Webinars Data Warc Prizes News Warc Plus Email updates Help Contacts About Log In Home > News Other Top Stories Can marketing change ingrained habits? No stereotypes for no-label men Ad formats drive ad blocking Is Snapchat losing out to Instagram? Rugby fans are 'marketing goldmine' Luxury struggles with digital Cost is key to rural FTA View more news Brands tap ecommerce 01 February 2017 NEW YORK: A growing number of brands are interested in exploring the opportunities presented by ecommerce, according to a new study by the Association of National Advertisers (ANA). The industry body polled 215 client-side executives from its membership base to gain an impression of how leading brand owners are approaching this channel. Some 74% of respondents are currently engaged in ecommerce, which was defined as selling products through owned online stores and/or third-party platforms like Amazon.com or Walmart.com. Looking ahead, more than 80% of participants anticipate being involved in such activities within the next two years. In terms of business results, fully 73% of contributors agreed ecommerce already drives revenue for their firms, with 43% of these enterprises now deriving at least 10% of sales from this route. "These results are not surprising, as ecommerce platforms connected to mobile devices have become increasingly prolific," Bob Liodice, the ANA's CEO, said. "There is every reason to believe that these trends will accelerate, which will dramatically transform how consumers interact with marketers. "These trends will pressure marketers to adapt quickly and provide consumers with outstanding user experiences." Among the most popular tactics for businesses active in ecommerce are social media marketing, hosting stores on their websites, tapping mobile payments and working with third-party online retailers. Behind the scenes, a 59% share of featured firms have dedicated ecommerce departments. In 47% of cases, these units report to the Chief Marketing Officer, with the Head of Sales on 15%. A further 56% of the panel used agencies to support their ecommerce strategies, and a majority utilise multiple agencies to help design ads, develop strategy and assist with mobile and social commerce. Data sourced from ANA; additional content by Warc staff Read more from Warc: E-commerce in 2017: How brands are going direct-to-consumer What we know about e-commerce and social commerce How MasterCard embraced e-commerce to generate its biggest revenue gains ever 5 steps in developing a global e-commerce strategy Register for a trial Sign up for news A daily bulletin for marketers Other top stories Can marketing change ingrained habits? No stereotypes for no-label men Ad formats drive ad blocking Is Snapchat losing out to Instagram? Rugby fans are 'marketing goldmine' Luxury struggles with digital Cost is key to rural FTA View more news × Unable to share news. Please ensure that the email addresses you have entered are valid. Back × Share with a colleague Your email address Your colleague’s email address Comment (max 150 characters) 
 Send Get daily news Do I subscribe? Request a trial Saved Items Sitemap Store About Help Contacts Partners Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by Warc
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics AMZN Snapchat IPO Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day More Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) to Build Its Own Air Cargo Hub in Kentucky The hub will bring 2,000 jobs to the state Feb 1, 2017, 1:52 pm EST  |  By William White, InvestorPlace Writer     Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) is building its own air cargo hub in Kentucky. Source: ©iStock.com/killerbayer Amazon.com, Inc. will be located at the Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky Airport in Hebron, Ken. The location will add 2,000 jobs to the company’s workforce in the state when it opens. AMZN already has 10,000 employees in Kentucky across its 11 fulfillment centers in the state. Amazon.com, Inc. says that the location in Hebron will act as a hub for the company’s cargo planes. It notes that the area has skilled workers and that it is close to one of the company’s fulfillment centers in the state. Amazon.com, Inc. has a lease agreement for 40 cargo planes. It now has 16 cargo planes in service. These planes make sure that Prime members get their items delivered to them fast. The cargo hub will have employees loading, unloading and sorting packages. “Amazon’s Prime Air hub promises to revolutionize the fulfillment industry worldwide, and Kentucky is excited to partner with them as they embark on this disruptive, transformative and exciting venture,” Kentucky Governor Matt Bevin said in a statement. “This new project will pay dividends to both the company and our state, and we are truly grateful for the jobs and economic impact it will bring to the commonwealth.” Amazon.com, Inc. isn’t the only company dedicated to making sure packages arrive on time. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) recently announced that ShippingPass is coming to an end. Instead, the retailer will be offering free two-day shipping for all online orders of $35 or more. This is likely an effort to pull customers away from AMZN. AMZN stock was up slightly as of Wednesday afternoon. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/02/amazon-com-inc-kentucky-amzn/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Consider Selling as Fear Returns to the Market World's 3 Worst ETFs Alibaba Stock Has a Secret Weapon 3 BRICs Buys That Play Banking, Buying and … Beef? A Trade War With China Puts These Stocks at Risk 3 Big M&A Deals That We Could See in 2017 More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Consider Selling as Fear Returns to the Market World's 3 Worst ETFs Alibaba Stock Has a Secret Weapon 3 BRICs Buys That Play Banking, Buying and … Beef? A Trade War With China Puts These Stocks at Risk 3 Big M&A Deals That We Could See in 2017 More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Consider Selling as Fear Returns to the Market World's 3 Worst ETFs Alibaba Stock Has a Secret Weapon 3 BRICs Buys That Play Banking, Buying and … Beef? A Trade War With China Puts These Stocks at Risk 3 Big M&A Deals That We Could See in 2017 More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Consider Selling as Fear Returns to the Market World's 3 Worst ETFs Alibaba Stock Has a Secret Weapon 3 BRICs Buys That Play Banking, Buying and … Beef? A Trade War With China Puts These Stocks at Risk 3 Big M&A Deals That We Could See in 2017 ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Stocks to Sell as Fear Returns to the Market The 3 Worst ETFs in the World A Trade War With China Puts These Stocks at Risk 3 BRICS Buys That Play Banking, Buying and … Beef? Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Stock Isn’t As Tasty It Looks Most Popular 5 Stocks to Buy to Defy a Weak February The Top 10 Dow Dividend Stocks for February Why Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Should Expect Fireworks Soon 3 “Left for Dead” Stocks Making a Comeback The 5 Best Stocks to Buy for Big Emerging Markets Profits 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
null
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu PRIME TIME With a new $1.5 billion airport hub, Amazon is closer to having its own parallel transport network Written by Leslie Josephs February 01, 2017 Pickup. (Reuters/Mark Makela) Share Written by Leslie Josephs February 01, 2017 The breezy 2016 strategic plan (pdf) of the Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport features a quote attributed to Abraham Lincoln: “The best way to predict your future is to create it.” Amazon appears to have taken that to heart. The mammoth online retailer this week announced it will build a hub for close to $1.5 billion at the airport—which is based in the American midwest—as an investment to serve the growing fleet of Prime Air cargo planes it unveiled last year. Its new air cargo hub will help Amazon quickly scoop up and deliver goods goods from 11 nearby warehouses and distribute them across the US. The hub is the latest sign that Amazon is collapsing the supply chain that gets the millions of goods it sells on its website to consumers—a strategy that can reduce Amazon’s shipping costs, payments that often end up in the hands of traditional shipping companies, like FedEx and United Parcel Service. Amazon late last year made its first drone delivery, 13 minutes after the order was placed. It isn’t yet clear how drones deliveries could become viable in big cities, but Amazon, is still prepping for a future where unmanned drones drop items off to customers. In 2016, the US government awarded it a patent for a floating, Zeppelin-like warehouse that spits out delivery drones. And Amazon’s lofty ambitions, which also include brick-and-mortar grocery stores and bookshops, aren’t limited to sending cargo by air. The company is now booking its own ocean freight, the Wall Street Journal (paywall) reported last month. It’s a job that previously went to a freight forwarder, so it’s another cost that Amazon could cross of the list if it does it itself. The company has also gone on a warehouse-building tear. The payoff to building this futuristic network promises to be great. Colin Sebastian, an analyst at investment firm R.W. Baird, wrote in a note that Amazon could turn this de facto transport network into a business on its own, calling it a more than “$400 billion market opportunity.” Amazon has built its myriad of businesses on, at times, terrifying efficiency and it has detailed information about what its customers are ordering and how. Customers now expect deliveries to come ASAP—and often for free. Wal-Mart is now trying to catch up to Amazon. It’s not something you want to get wrong. UPS was caught flat-footed by not realizing that deliveries to consumers were growing more than deliveries to business, and logged quarterly profits below analysts’ expectations. “We saw was a tremendous shift in the amount of volume that went to the consumer versus to the business,” UPS’ chief financial officer, Richard Peretz, told CNBC. “In fact,” he added, “we looked over the last 10 years and this is the fastest rate of change.” Most Popular A new theory promises to unlock your body’s full potential—and is actually scientifically sound Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search Post to Cancel
BUSINESS Mastercard and UniRush ordered to pay $13 million in 2015 RushCard outage Russell Simmons Chris Pizzello / Associated Press Hip-hop mogul Russell Simmons, seen here at the NAACP Image Awards in 2015, founded UniRush. Hip-hop mogul Russell Simmons, seen here at the NAACP Image Awards in 2015, founded UniRush. (Chris Pizzello / Associated Press) James Rufus KorenContact Reporter Mastercard and the company that sells RushCard-brand prepaid debit cards will pay $13 million in fines and customer restitution over a 2015 system failure that left thousands of customers unable to access money in their accounts. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau on Wednesday announced the enforcement action against Mastercard and card issuer UniRush — which is being acquired by Pasadena's Green Dot Corp. — saying the problems were caused by a lack of preparation and coordination by the companies before UniRush started using Mastercard as its main payment processor. Problems with the October 2015 changeover sparked confusion and outrage among RushCard users and highlighted the financial vulnerability of many prepaid card users, many of whom use prepaid accounts in place of a checking account at a bank because they can’t open a bank account. Over the course of several days and in some cases weeks, thousands of customers were unable to withdraw cash, make purchases, get accurate account balance information or receive direct deposits. Wednesday’s enforcement action settles the CFPB’s investigation into the outage. The companies must pay a total of $3 million in fines and $10 million in customer restitution, though the agency left it up to the companies to come to an agreement on how much each will pay. As part of the settlement, neither Mastercard nor UniRush admitted or denied wrongdoing, something UniRush spokeswoman Kaitlin Stewart reiterated in a statement emailed to The Times. “We maintain that our company did not engage in any wrongdoing, and do not admit to such in our Consent Order with the CFPB,” she said. “Since the event in 2015, we believe we have fully compensated all of our customers for any inconvenience they may have suffered.” The company, founded in 2003 by hip-hop mogul Russell Simmons, canceled all card fees for four months following the incident and in May settled a class-action lawsuit over the outage, agreeing to pay $19 million to about 300,000 affected customers. Mastercard spokesman Seth Eisen said the company is “pleased to bring this matter to a close, allowing us to further enhance the best practices, policies and procedures for prepaid cards at our payments transactions services business.” The government action comes as UniRush prepares to sell itself to Green Dot, a pioneer in the prepaid card industry. Green Dot said Monday it will buy UniRush for $167 million in a deal that would expand the company’s reach online and add a new brand to Green Dot’s stable of prepaid cards. Green Dot sells some prepaid cards online, but most of its cards are sold at retail stores — Wal-Mart in particular. Most RushCards are sold online. The acquisition, which is expected to close in the next few months, is aimed in part at expanding Green Dot’s direct-to-consumer sales. In a news release announcing the planned acquisition, Green Dot noted that cost of any regulatory action against UniRush would be borne by the company’s current owners and would not affect the sale price. Last year, Green Dot, too, had an outage that left many customers unable to access their money. Like the RushCard outage, Green Dot’s May 2016 problem started when the company switched to Mastercard from another payment processing firm. Many of the customers who complained of account access problems were users of a Wal-Mart-branded debit card issued by Green Dot. It’s not clear how many Green Dot customers ultimately were affected by the outage, but it was likely much smaller than the number affected by the RushCard outage. The CFPB noted that more than 800 RushCard users filed complaints with the bureau after the October 2015 outage. A review of the bureau’s complaint database shows no complaints against Green Dot or Wal-Mart in May or June of last year. Green Dot, through a spokesman, declined to comment on Wednesday’s settlement. Caption 4 stories you can't miss Two Republicans senators have defected and will vote against Betsy DeVos for secretary of Education. Could President Trump’s proposed 20% border tax set off an international food fight? Are emails and texts sent on the personal devices of government employees a public record? 22,000 new U.S. factory jobs  could be generated by limiting car imports from Mexico. Two Republicans senators have defected and will vote against Betsy DeVos for secretary of Education. Could President Trump’s proposed 20% border tax set off an international food fight? Are emails and texts sent on the personal devices of government employees a public record? 22,000 new U.S. factory jobs  could be generated by limiting car imports from Mexico. Caption 4 stories you can't miss Two Republicans senators have defected and will vote against Betsy DeVos for secretary of Education. Could President Trump’s proposed 20% border tax set off an international food fight? Are emails and texts sent on the personal devices of government employees a public record? 22,000 new U.S. factory jobs  could be generated by limiting car imports from Mexico. Two Republicans senators have defected and will vote against Betsy DeVos for secretary of Education. Could President Trump’s proposed 20% border tax set off an international food fight? Are emails and texts sent on the personal devices of government employees a public record? 22,000 new U.S. factory jobs  could be generated by limiting car imports from Mexico. Caption UC Berkeley protests against Milo Yiannopoulos turn violent A speech by conservative firebrand and  Milo Yiannopoulos was canceled at UC Berkeley on Wednesday amid violent protests that prompted President Trump to suggest cutting funding to the university. A speech by conservative firebrand and  Milo Yiannopoulos was canceled at UC Berkeley on Wednesday amid violent protests that prompted President Trump to suggest cutting funding to the university. Caption Judge Neil M. Gorsuch accepts Supreme Court nomination Neil M. Gorsuch, a highly regarded conservative jurist best known for upholding religious liberty rights in the legal battles over Obamacare, is President Trump's Supreme Court nominee. Neil M. Gorsuch, a highly regarded conservative jurist best known for upholding religious liberty rights in the legal battles over Obamacare, is President Trump's Supreme Court nominee. Caption L.A. Police Commission reviews the case of a woman who died in an LAPD jail The L.A. Police Commission ruled Tuesday that officers were not involved in the case of a woman who died in an LAPD jail.  The L.A. Police Commission ruled Tuesday that officers were not involved in the case of a woman who died in an LAPD jail.  Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Federal Judge Neil M. Gorsuch is Trump's Supreme Court pick. L.A.'s City Council voted to decriminalize street vending. Trump's team has hinted that some of the temporary travel bans could be extended indefinitely. LAPD officers were not involved in the death of a woman inside a jail cell. Federal Judge Neil M. Gorsuch is Trump's Supreme Court pick. L.A.'s City Council voted to decriminalize street vending. Trump's team has hinted that some of the temporary travel bans could be extended indefinitely. LAPD officers were not involved in the death of a woman inside a jail cell. james.koren@latimes.com Follow me: @jrkoren UPDATES: 12:40 p.m.: This article was updated with a comment from UniRush.  This article was originally published at 12:15 p.m. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Russell Simmons UC Berkeley — home of the free speech movement — finds itself under fire from left, right and Trump Snapchat company's IPO filing might be L.A.'s biggest ever Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quits Trump’s advisory council; Elon Musk will stay on but objects to immigration order Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 59°
News Mugshots Obituaries 2017 2016 2015 Trade or Sell More Info Weather Property Transactions Marriage Licenses Local Salaries Contact Us Community Links Events Community Church How To Enter Events Submit Your Event WTSB Listen Now Program Schedule Christian Program Schedule WMPM History Coverage Map Advertise Staff Carl’s Book Contact WTSB Counterfeit $20 Bills Passed At Local Stores February 1, 2017 3:25 pm Smithfield Police are investigating two reports within the past week of counterfeit $20 bills being passed at local businesses. A fake $20 bill was passed last Friday at the Kangaroo convenience store on North Brightleaf Boulevard. On Tuesday, a bogus $20 bill was discovered at Wal-Mart on North Brightleaf Boulevard. Police Chief Keith Powell said the incidents are under investigation.  Officers are encouraging store clerks to keep a close eye on the paper currency that they receive. Authorities have not said if the two incidents may be connected.         Johnston County’s #1 Local News Source Email event information to Events@JoCoReport.com General Questions: Email our staff at Info@JoCoReport.com News Related Questions or Issues: Email our News Desk at News@JoCoReport.com Want to advertise with us? Email our sales staff at Advertise@JoCoReport.com ©2016  Lamm Media Group       JoCoReport.com P.O. Box 90 – Smithfield – NC – 27577  
The Toy Book The Leading Trade Publication for the Toy Industry New Products Toy Report Editorial Calendar Articles Commentary About Us Contact Jazwares’ Roblox Toys Launch Nationwide February 1, 2017 By Maddie Michalik Leave a Comment Roblox, in partnership with Jazwares, officially launched its first line of toys to retail stores nationwide. The line, the first to bring Roblox offline and into retail, is now available at Toys “R” Us, Target, and Walmart stores nationwide. The toy line includes exclusive codes to unlock in-game surprises and features creations from the game’s most popular independent developers, including toys based on user generated creations such as the Roblox High School and Work at a Pizza Place. Filed Under: New Products Speak Your Mind Cancel reply Name * Email * Website New Products Lego Dimensions Adds The Goonies, Lego City, and more Harry Potter Characters February 2, 2017 By Maddie Michalik Leave a Comment Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment revealed details about three new collectible expansion packs for Lego Dimensions: The Goonies Level Pack, the Harry Potter Fun Pack, and Lego City Fun Pack. The expansions will broaden the selection of entertainment brands available for the game, letting players mix and match their favorite characters from different universes. The Lego minifigures included within each of [...] Neat-Oh! to Launch ASTRA Exclusive Line with Totum February 2, 2017 By Maddie Michalik Leave a Comment Neat-Oh! will distribute five Totum activity kits, previously not available in the U.S., exclusively to American Specialty Toy Retailing Association (ASTRA) retailers at the North American International Toy Fair in New York City. On Feb. 18, Neat-Oh! will showcase the My Dream Lights, Window Markers, Spraypens, Magnetica, and Dinomania kits at the ASTRA Exclusives Reception. [...] Jazwares’ Roblox Toys Launch Nationwide February 1, 2017 By Maddie Michalik Leave a Comment Roblox, in partnership with Jazwares, officially launched its first line of toys to retail stores nationwide. The line, the first to bring Roblox offline and into retail, is now available at Toys “R” Us, Target, and Walmart stores nationwide. The toy line includes exclusive codes to unlock in-game surprises and features creations from the game’s [...] Amazon.com Launches STEM Club January 26, 2017 By Maddie Michalik Leave a Comment Amazon.com launched its STEM Club, a monthly subscription program that delivers hand-picked STEM toys. Every month, subscribers will receive one age-appropriate STEM Club toy designed to encourage kids to learn through play. All curated toys are either recently launched on Amazon.com or exclusive to Amazon. Amazon.com customers can select their preferred age range (3 to [...] Kids Preferred Launches New Line of Fisher-Price Developmental Toys January 25, 2017 By Maddie Michalik Leave a Comment This spring, Kids Preferred will launch a new line of Fisher-Price developmental toys for infants and toddlers. The range for boys and girls is based on the brand’s rainforest animal characters with age-appropriate developmental features. The new line of toys are colorful and made for small hands. The range consists of toys that are easy [...] More Posts from this Category Come Tweet with Us The Creative Factor returns to @ToyFairNY: https://t.co/rH1VPguxzR https://t.co/fK4GXuhnBM about 12 hours ago from Hootsuite ReplyRetweetFavorite Commentary: @Mattel's #DadsWhoPlayBarbie campaign is an important step for #play: https://t.co/VHqaSnx9K9 https://t.co/QJB4ttIXAr about 16 hours ago from Hootsuite ReplyRetweetFavorite Check out this week's edition of The Toy Book Toy Report - https://t.co/E7rX0mWN24 about 16 hours ago from MailChimp ReplyRetweetFavorite @toybook    TOY Digital Subscribe to The Toy Report Terms of Use Archives Select Month February 2017  (12) January 2017  (57) December 2016  (36) November 2016  (56) October 2016  (70) September 2016  (70) August 2016  (46) July 2016  (53) June 2016  (64) May 2016  (52) April 2016  (44) March 2016  (43) February 2016  (94) January 2016  (45) December 2015  (27) November 2015  (27) October 2015  (55) September 2015  (74) August 2015  (111) July 2015  (97) June 2015  (84) May 2015  (78) April 2015  (80) March 2015  (95) February 2015  (100) January 2015  (69) December 2014  (80) November 2014  (98) October 2014  (102) September 2014  (97) August 2014  (82) July 2014  (79) June 2014  (85) May 2014  (75) April 2014  (92) March 2014  (98) February 2014  (67) January 2014  (35) December 2013  (92) November 2013  (92) October 2013  (106) September 2013  (88) August 2013  (101) July 2013  (87) June 2013  (94) May 2013  (76) April 2013  (79) March 2013  (71) February 2013  (75) January 2013  (67) December 2012  (70) November 2012  (86) October 2012  (94) September 2012  (86) August 2012  (103) July 2012  (79) June 2012  (79) May 2012  (13) April 2012  (31) March 2012  (18) February 2012  (31) January 2012  (15) December 2011  (30) November 2011  (34) October 2011  (51) September 2011  (35) August 2011  (16) July 2011  (41) June 2011  (78) May 2011  (31) April 2011  (14) March 2011  (33) February 2011  (26) January 2011  (20) December 2010  (16) November 2010  (28) October 2010  (53) September 2010  (20) August 2010  (85) July 2010  (83) June 2010  (134) May 2010  (45) April 2010  (66) March 2010  (59) February 2010  (70) January 2010  (30) December 2009  (36) November 2009  (67) October 2009  (47) September 2009  (3) Return to top of page Copyright © 2017 · Customization by Jula Studio on the Genesis Framework · Log in
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 18° Partly cloudy High: 27° | Low: 11° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Politics Local & State Politics More in Politics Politics Capitol Ticker Blog Sports More in Sports High School Sports Red Sox Patriots Boston Celtics Boston Bruins College Portland Pirates Sea Dogs Maine Red Claws Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Community More in Community Celebrations Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Lifestyle Source Source Awards Books Things to Do Sudoku Crossword MaineToday.com Real Estate More in Real Estate Home of the Week Design Local Offers More in Local Offers test Obituaries Jobs Auto More in Auto New Cars Index Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Cops & Courts Posted February 1 Updated February 1 increase font size Morning Sentinel Feb. 1 police log Waterville area police reports for Feb. 1, 2017. Share Comment Read Article IN ALBION, Wednesday at 6:57 a.m., a truck fire was reported on South Freedom Road. IN ANSON, Tuesday at 11:45 a.m., a burglary was reported on Church Street. IN CAMBRIDGE, Tuesday at 11:03 a.m., fire crews were sent in response to a call on Pease Road. IN CANAAN, Tuesday at 4 p.m., court paperwork was served on Katie Lane. IN CARTHAGE, Tuesday at 12:13 p.m., a warrant arrest was made on Carthage Road. 9:54 p.m., a complaint about trespassing was taken from Winding River Lane. IN CHESTERVILLE, Tuesday at 12:11 p.m., a traffic accident causing injuries was reported on Pope Road at Lucy Knowles Road. 5:55 p.m., a harassment complaint was taken from Paul Road. IN CLINTON, Tuesday at 10:14 a.m., a theft was reported on Main Street. 11:54 a.m., a noise complaint was investigated on Darling Avenue. 6:26 p.m., a missing person was reported on Morrison Avenue. IN FAIRFIELD, Tuesday at 8:01 a.m., fire units were sent to a call on Norridgewock Road. 3:57 p.m., a complaint was taken from Burrill Street. 6:10 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Center Road. 6:27 p.m., a warning was issued after a complaint about trespassing on Island Avenue. 7:01 p.m., a warning was issued after a report of a disturbance on Main Street. 7:32 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Main Street. Wednesday at 12:54 a.m., police made an arrest after a report of suspicious activity on Main Street. IN FARMINGTON, Tuesday at 12:13 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Prescott Street. 2 a.m., a disturbance was reported on Main Street. 2:25 a.m., fire units were sent in response to a call on Farmington Court. 4:04 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Maple Avenue. 5 p.m., police were called to assist another officer or agency on High Street. 5:08 p.m., a domestic disturbance was reported on Pleasant Street. 6:06 p.m., fire units were sent in response to a call on Thompson Walton Court. 6:09 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Franklin Avenue. 7:12 p.m., a complaint about trespassing was taken from the University of Maine campus on Maguire Street. IN JAY, Tuesday at 7:32 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on East Dixfield Road. 11:49 a.m., a harassment complaint was taken from Main Street. IN MADISON, Tuesday at 5:27 p.m., a complaint about threatening was taken from Boardman Road. IN MERCER, Tuesday at 9:42 p.m., a theft was reported on Hancock Lane. IN OAKLAND, Tuesday at 4 p.m., a protection order violation was reported on Oak Street. 11:08 p.m., suspicious activity was reported at Pleasant Point Park on McGrath Pond Road. IN PALMYRA, Tuesday at 8:40 p.m., police were called to assist another agency on Badgerboro Road. IN RANGELY, Tuesday at 7:42 a.m., a warrant arrest was made on Kennebago Avenue IN ST. ALBANS, Tuesday at 10:30 a.m., a theft report was investigated on Melody Lane. IN SKOWHEGAN, Tuesday at 3:04 p.m., a theft was reported at Harvey’s Park. 3:08 p.m., a theft was reported on North Avenue. 4:12 p.m., a theft was reported on Water Street. 4:20 p.m., a burglary was reported on Pennell Street. 5:18 p.m., a theft was reported at Harvey’s Park. 6 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Madison Avenue. 6:27 p.m., a warning was issued after a complaint on Waterville Road. 10:41 p.m., a noise complaint was taken from Water Street. Wednesday at 1:25 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Madison Avenue. 8:23 a.m., a civil complaint was taken from McClellan Street. IN WATERVILLE, Tuesday at 8:08 a.m., an assault was reported on Western Avenue at Silver Street. 8:36 a.m., police were called to assist another agency on Elm Street at Silver Street. 9:25 a.m., police were called to assist another agency at the police station. 9:34 a.m., a police escort was requested on Prospect Street. 12:01 p.m., an intoxicated person was reported on College Avenue, and Waterville Rescue was sent. 12:14 p.m., shoplifting was reported at Wal-Mart. Two summonses were issued for theft. 2:21 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on High Street. 4:44 p.m., a report of forgery or fraud was investigated at a convenience store on Kennedy Memorial Drive. 7:36 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Union Street. 7:55 p.m., a report of a burglary was investigated on College Avenue. Wednesday at 12:45 a.m., an oral warning was issued following a noise complaint on Carey Lane. 5:10 a.m., a fire was reported on Summer Street. IN WINSLOW, Tuesday at 12:54 p.m., a sex offender registered at the police station. 1:02 p.m., a summons was served on Bassett Road. ARRESTS IN FRANKLIN COUNTY, Tuesday, Kevin Hallock, 44, of Farmington, was arrested on a warrant for unpaid fines. Wednesday, Amanda Hawkes, 31, of Farmington, was arrested on a charge of domestic violence assault. IN OAKLAND, Tuesday at 8:09 p.m., Jenna Marie Porter, 31, of Oakland, was arrested on an arrest warrant. IN SOMERSET COUNTY, Tuesday at 1:50 p.m., Michael Joseph Crawford, 30, of Sanford, was arrested on a warrant for unpaid restitution. 6:30 p.m., Scott Richard Cogan, 31, of Fairfield, was arrested on five warrants for failure to appear and unpaid fines. 7:59 p.m., Nelson Scott Wheeler, 25, of Cornville, was arrested on a probation hold. 9:22 p.m., Joseph Earl Hawks, 19, of Palmyra, was arrested on a warrant on an affidavit for assault. IN WATERVILLE, Tuesday at 9:32 p.m., Antonio Manuel DaCosta, 48, of Waterville, was arrested on a charge of operating under the influence. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. More Like This Recent Read Shared Local roundup: Erskine girls basketball tops Belfast Local roundup: Lawrence girls basketball upsets Edward Little Messalonskee girls basketball too much for Gardiner Winslow boys basketball runs past Maranacook Nate Violette leads Messalonskee boys basketball past Gardiner Ku Klux Klan fliers shock residents in Augusta, Gardiner, Freeport neighborhoods Waterville apartment building fire sends firefighter, 6 others to hospital Gardiner boys basketball coach Jason Cassidy suspended 2 games Police: Augusta man stole seafood, alcohol, cash from Whitefield restaurant Winslow man rolls car over in Waterville NTSB says truck damaged track before Amtrak train derailed in Kansas These lobster buoys feed birds rather than marking traps Breastfeeding pilots' claims against airline seen as progress More mouths than ever to feed at Skowhegan Community Food Cupboard N.C. judge scolds woman for breast-feeding in court Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. Kennebec Journal KJ Morning Sentinel MS BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE Kennebec Journal Subscriptions Morning Sentinel Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Site Feedback Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a photo CONNECT e-Editions Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Special Sections Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Opinion Sports Obituaries Blogs NETWORK About MaineToday Portland Press Herald MaineToday.com Career Opportunities © 2017 MaineToday Media
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Amazon Miss on Services Revenue Casts Pall Over Market DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Google Overtakes Apple as the World's Most Valuable Brand, According to Global Ranking Google has dethroned Apple in the Race to be Most Valuable Brand. Rhonda Schaffler Feb 1, 2017 3:31 PM EST Apple ( AAPL)  may have had a blowout quarter, but it wasn't enough to keep it in first place as the world's top global brand. According to valuation and strategy consultant Brand Finance's annual Global 500 report, Alphabet's  ( GOOGL)  Google is now the most valuable brand, dethroning Apple after five straight years. The report uses methodology including financial performance and sustainability, among other factors.  David Haigh, CEO of Brand Finance, says Google dominates search and saw revenues increase 20% in 2016, while Apple has struggled to maintain its technological advantage. He also points to new competitors for Apple in the Chinese market. China figures predominately in Brand Finance's report, with China's bank brands now worth more than those in the U.S.  Chinese bank ICBC made the top ten most valuable brands, while no American financial institution is on the list. Following Google and Apple, the most valuable brand list includes  Amazon ( AMZN) , AT&T ( T) , Microsoft ( MSFT) , Samsung ( SSNLF) , Verizon ( VZ) , Walmart ( WMT)  and Facebook ( FB) . Brand Finance also released a list of the world's most powerful brands, which placed Lego in the top spot. Haigh says Lego has made a brilliant transition into the digital space with games and videos, and is storming ahead of its competitors. If you liked this article you might like Amazon's Earnings Fell Just Short of a High Bar Thanks partly to currency swings, the e-commerce and cloud giant's sales and guidance missed estimates. But its long-term growth drivers remain quite strong. Eric Jhonsa Feb 2, 2017 6:39 PM EST Qorvo, Cirrus Show the Risks of Betting on Just One Apple Supplier The chipmakers issued disappointing outlooks, largely due to factors other than iPhone demand. Eric Jhonsa Feb 2, 2017 5:05 PM EST Amazon Miss on Services Revenue Casts Pall Over Market The market's lack of an upside momentum is also a worry. Rev Shark Feb 2, 2017 4:28 PM EST Apple Will Probably Keep Using Debt to Give Away Cash to Shareholders Including Warren Buffett Debt may be the best way for the iPhone maker to pay dividends and buybacks, although Apple holds nearly $250 billion in cash. Chris Nolter Feb 2, 2017 3:28 PM EST Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
QNetNews.ca QNetNews TV 91X FM News The Pioneer QNetNews Interactive QNetNews Trent QNetNews Entertainment Twitter Vimeo Facebook Local Get out and enjoy #WinterWalkDay February 1, 2017 at 3:26 pm By Stephanie Clue BELEVILLE – Despite the cold, winter weather shouldn’t stop you from being active. #WinterWalkDay is a hashtag on social media to encourage people to get outside, said Jenifer May-Anderson, communications officer for Quinte Conservation. “It helps to promote getting people outdoors and enjoying the winter weather,” she said. May-Anderson says Quinte Conservation has been using its social media accounts to inspire people to be active. “We’re suggesting that people go and visit a local conservation area and take a walk in the snow,” she said. Feb 1st is #WinterWalkDay! Join other Canadians & find a trail to walk or hike tomorrow! Our CAs are open Dawn-Dusk https://t.co/AlaYlU0chc pic.twitter.com/6JYhx6gfls — Quinte Conservation (@quinteca) January 31, 2017 She added that people have the idea that conservation areas can only be visited in warmer weather, and says there a plenty of things to do in the winter. “They think coming in the summer for picnics and hiking trails is the only time to visit, but there is a wide variety of things for people to do at conservation areas in the winter, such as hiking and some areas are good for snowshoeing,” May-Anderson said. Winter is also a good time for bird watching and tracking footprints in the snow. Matthew Chamilliard, a Loyalist student, says he doesn’t like the winter season because of how cold it can be. “I probably liked the season more as a kid when I made snowmen, but I’ve never been great at winter sports,” he said. Chamilliard says rather than doing winter sports, he just works at his job. “I work in the auto department at Walmart, and it can be a pretty high intensity place to work. There is a lot of lifting and physical labour involved,”  Chamilliard said. He added that he is more active in the warmer months, but didn’t shoot down visiting a conservation area in the winter. “I’d probably go, it sounds like it could be fun,” he said. May-Anderson also urges people to be safe. “Always dress for the weather and know the area you’re hiking in.” Comments Related posts: Boater numbers up on Trent-Severn Waterway The Belleville Club looks forward to upcoming facelift 91X FM Newscast – Wednesday, Oct. 19, 4 p.m. Illegal cigarettes seized in Tyendinaga Township  Print This Post Tags: LocalQNet News Related Posts Belleville city hall receives Landmark Designation Award March 26, 2015 Quinte West says yes to online voting December 3, 2013 Missing local boy found January 14, 2015 Club showcase at Loyalist January 19, 2016 Top Stories QNet News TV – Feb. 2, 2017February 2, 2017 Hastings County to bring in new family physician for Marmora and LakeFebruary 2, 2017 Loyalist alumni bringing the Grey Cup to BellevilleFebruary 2, 2017 LHIN’s one-time funding helps low-income familiesFebruary 2, 2017 Connecting students with future employersFebruary 2, 2017 Home Local Get out and enjoy #WinterWalkDay Login Student Works Students Twitter Vimeo Facebook © 2014 QNetNews.ca. All Rights Reserved.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Google Home now supports over 70 apps and services, here are some of the most useful Trending in Google Corporate Hands on with Colorware’s new skins for Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] Trending in Google Corporate Opinion: The Huawei Mate 9 is the best Android alternative to Google’s Pixel XL Trending in Google Corporate Source: Google’s Pixel 2 to feature improved camera, CPU, higher price, but ‘budget’ Pixel also in works Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Nvidia Shield TV is essentially the perfect set top box, and it’s only going to get better [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Hands-on with 5 Android apps you should download in January 2017 [Video] February 1 GOOG: 795.70 -1.10 9to5Toys Lunch Break: BLU VIVO 5R Android phone $150, LG 34-inch Widescreen Monitor $549, Sony Bluetooth Headphones $45, more Stephen Hall - Feb. 1st 2017 11:11 am PT @hallstephenj Android 9to5Toys 9to5Toys Lunch Break View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Amazon has the unlocked BLU VIVO 5R Android Smartphone 4G LTE at $150 Daily Deals: LG 34-inch IPS LED Monitor w/ USB Hub $549, Onkyo 7.2-Ch Receiver + $50 Newegg Gift Card $349, more Sony’s affordable Bluetooth Wireless Headphones have solid ratings, back at all-time low of $45 shipped (Reg. $70+) Samsung Gear IconX cord-free fitness earbuds: $145 shipped (Reg. $200) | Amazon Take nearly $200 off Apple’s 13-inch MacBook Pro 512GB w/ Touch Bar: $1,800 shipped (Reg. $1,999) One (incredibly) lucky 9to5Toys reader will get a chance to own this NES Classic Zelda Edition Console Bundle for free! Review: Fabriq is a tiny (and affordable) AirPlay speaker with Amazon’s Alexa Voice Service [Video] MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: This All-in-One Canon PIXMA Photo Inkjet Printer w/ AirPrint is only $35 shipped (Reg. $50) Jabra Sport Pulse Bluetooth Headset with Built-In Heart Rate Monitor $65 (Reg. $108), more Add the complete series to your collection: The Office $46 or Parks and Rec $27 Pioneer’s Andrew Jones Bookshelf Speakers are on sale for Prime members: $90(Reg. $130) Games/Apps: The Last Guardian gets its first price drop from $32, GTA V $30, freebies, more Kindle First eBook freebies for February: Signature Wounds, Only the Truth, Extracted, and more The HAMMERHEAD 4V Rechargeable Screwdriver & 9-Pc. Bit Kit is on sale for $20 Prime shipped Pad & Quill 20% off all leather iPad gear: Author Series Case $81, Valet Leather iPad Pro Bag $113 Secret of Mana goes 50% off: the iOS version of the SNES classic is now just $4 (Reg. $8) App Store Free App of the Week: Water Minder Hydration Reminder app goes free (Reg. $3) The unique image manipulation app Bazaart goes free on iOS for the first time in years (Reg. $5) The Pixelmator image editor for iOS is now matching its all-time low at $1 (Reg. $5) RollerCoaster Tycoon 3 drops to its lowest price ever on the App Store: $2 (Reg. $5) MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Timbuk2 Sale – take up to 60% off our favorite styles: MacBook Messenger Bags, Backpacks, Luggage and more! Jaybird’s popular X3 Bluetooth Sport Earbuds drop to $97.50 shipped, an all-time low (Reg. $130) Aukey FM Transmitter Radio Car Kit $7 Takeya Pitcher at its all-time low today: $11.50 Mr. Coffee 12-Cup Programmable Coffee Brewer $35 DJI’s Phantom 3 Advanced Drone: $539 Walmart is now offering free 2-day shipping Parrot’s AR. 2.0 Quadricopter Drone $170  SkyBell Wi-Fi 1080p video doorbell $149 (Reg. $199) Xbox One Elite Wireless Controller (refurb.): $90 The Edwin The Duck kids’ toy for iOS: $40 (Reg. $50) Rachio 16-Zone Smart Sprinkler Controller $204.50, more LEGO Sets: The Batman Movie Joker Lowrider $27, more VIZIO’s 55-inch 4K Smart Ultra HDTV for $999 Gift Cards up to 20% off: Old Navy, Gap, and more Display w/ USB ports: HP 32-inch $300, more Save an extra 20% off any Nike clearance items VUDU offers one free movie rental Contigo AUTOSEAL Transit Travel Mug for under $14 6-months of the Washington Post free as a Prime member RTIC SoftPak cooler bags starting from $70 Get a free large 1-topping pizza at Papa Johns Bon Appetit magazine with digital iPad access for $4 4-pack Philips Daylight LED Light Bulbs $8, more Juiceman Citrus Juicer w/ Two Cones for just $20 (Reg. up to $29) Free HD Movie Rental at Vudu Get two-day delivery w/ Google Express, free six month trial LEGO Building Kits: Batman Movie The Joker $35, more Farberware 2.5L Air Fryer for just $39 Harmon Kardon’s 5.1-Ch Surround Sound System for just $160 Google Play Music + Youtube Red Free Unlimited for 4-months Get a FedEx printable in-store coupon for $5 off a $15 or more 10-Pack of highly-rated 16-Ounce Pub Glasses for just $12 AmazonBasics 14-Piece Knife Block Set at $19 NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Vespa’s creator set to unveil futuristic two-wheeled autonomous rolling backpack Raybaby keeps an eye on your baby and even monitors breathing without wires or straps LEGO Life is an Instagram-like social network for kids to share builds TwelveSouth’s new MagicBridge desk accessory for your Apple Keyboard and Magic Trackpad 2 The man behind the original Hoverboard returns with a new electric two-wheeler DIYers and Raspberry Pi enthusiasts have to see this walnut work bench with a hidden display The Rollcap 4K Action Camera w/ built-in 3-axis image stabilizer promises smooth video Oceanhorn 2 for iOS is being developed on Unreal Engine 4, check out these gorgeous screens RBI Baseball 17 is on its way for iOS, Android, Playstation 4 and Xbox One The Rosetta Wearable Disk has over 1,000 different languages stored on it Ricoh’s new Pentax KP DSLR is weatherproof for the outdoorsy photographer Editors Keys launches Logic/Final Cut/Adobe shortcut keyboard covers Amazon launches new STEM Club Subscription Service that delivers toys each month T-Mobile is handing out a free year of Hulu streaming to former AT&T customers Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide 9to5Toys View THe Guide 9to5Toys Lunch Break View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Confirmation hearings ObamaCare Donald Trump SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... US threatens North Korea with 'overwhelming' retaliation if it uses nuclear arms International — 4h 58m ago Warren drags Tillerson into fight over SEC rule Senate — 6h 3m ago Trump Cabinet picks offer hope for environmental progress Contributors — 6h 5m ago Chris Christie: Attorney general job ‘would have been a hard thing to turn down’ Blog Briefing Room — 6h 42m ago Angelina Jolie: Barring refugees is 'not our way' In The Know — 7h 5m ago Judge dismisses Melania Trump's lawsuit against Daily Mail: report Blog Briefing Room — 7h 15m ago Report: WH blocked State Dept from issuing its own Holocaust statement Blog Briefing Room — 7h 37m ago Grassley wants Trump admin to release 'covert' refugee deal Floor Action — 7h 40m ago view all   Retailers launch anti-border tax coalition By Naomi Jagoda - 02/01/17 02:54 PM EST 10   © Getty Images A group of more than 120 retailers and trade associations launched a coalition on Wednesday to oppose a key provision in the House Republicans' tax plan. The coalition, called Americans for Affordable Products, is pushing back against the "border-adjustment" proposal to subject imports to U.S. taxes while exempting exports.  "We oppose any border adjustment tax (BAT) because it will increase the cost of clothing, food, medicine, gas, and other essential items that Americans rely on," the group says on its website. "Consumers shouldn’t bear the burden of this new tax while some corporations get a tax break." ADVERTISEMENT Members of the coalition include state and national retail associations as well as businesses such as Best Buy, Dollar General, Macy's, Rite Aid and Walmart. The group's formation comes as Republicans on the House Ways and Means Committee are working to create tax-reform legislation that includes border adjustability. The provision is part of a blueprint House Republicans released in June that is serving as the starting point for legislation. House Republican leaders argue that the BAT would end the "Made in America tax" on exports. The provision would also raise about $1 trillion that could be used to pay for tax cuts elsewhere in a tax-reform bill. Businesses have been stepping up their lobbying efforts on the BAT in recent months. The retail sector has been particularly aggressive in lobbying against the proposal, along with oil refineries and the Koch brothers. But businesses who support the provision are also starting to mobilize. A group of manufacturers and exporters are planning to form their own coalition to promote the benefits of the proposal.   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Poll: 4 in 10 support impeaching... More than half of voters prefer former President Barack Obama to Trump. 501 Shares 2 Shouting match over Russia erupts... The fight exposed bitter frustration amongst Democrats. 305 Shares 3 Senate schedules 6:30 am vote on... Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) has scheduled a vote at 6:... 298 Shares 4 House votes to overturn Obama gun... Critics said the rule stripped Second Amendment rights from people who are... 272 Shares 5 Schwarzenegger responds to Trump... Arnold Schwarzenegger immediately took to Twitter to respond to President... 229 Shares 6 Questions rise about Trump-ordered... The first military operation ordered by President Trump may have resulted... 188 Shares 7 McCain calls Australian ambassador... Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) said Thursday that he spoke to the Australian... 164 Shares 8 Pelosi town hall question on... The question House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi faced on capitalism and... 137 Shares 9 Trump taps CIA veteran for agency'... Former officials praised Gina Haspel, a 30-year veteran of the CIA. 136 Shares 10 GOP talk shifts from replacing... Key Republican lawmakers are shifting their goal on ObamaCare from... 107 Shares 11 Judge dismisses Melania Trump's... First lady Melania Trump's $150 million defamation suit against the Daily... 107 Shares 12 Two GOP senators to vote no on... Sens. Collins and Murkowski said they would oppose Betsy DeVos. 106 Shares 13 Time cover labels Bannon ‘The... Time magazine’s latest edition features President Trump’s senior counselor... 103 Shares 14 GOP lawmaker withdraws bill to... Rep. Jason Chaffetz faced a backlash from conservation and sportsmen’s... 88 Shares 15 US threatens North Korea with '... '[A]ny use of nuclear weapons would be met with a response that would be... 87 Shares 16 GOP pushes back final DeVos vote... Senate Republicans are postponing a final vote on controversial Education... 82 Shares 17 Republicans impatient with anti-... Republican lawmakers are frustrated with mounting dissent from civil... 80 Shares 18 Trump threatens funding cut if UC... President Trump early Thursday threatened to cut federal funding to the... 71 Shares 19 Democrats plot protest for Trump’s... House Democrats are rallying behind a plan to make President Trump’s first... 68 Shares 20 DeVos poised to take step toward... The Senate is expected to vote Friday morning to advance the nomination of... 67 Shares 21 Sanders, Cruz to face off in... Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) and Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) will go to battle... 65 Shares 22 Lawmaker to propose abolishing EPA A House Republican is working to write a bill that, if passed, would... 64 Shares 23 Second GOP senator phones... Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) called Australia’s ambassador on Thursday to... 62 Shares 24 Treasury amends Russian sanctions... The Treasury Department on Thursday amended former President Obama’s most... 62 Shares 25 Prominent Putin critic... "Vladimir Putin does not deserve any benefit of the doubt here," Sen.... 60 Shares 26 The reality of unraveling Dodd-... OPINION | America's banks have spent six years adapting to comply with the... 60 Shares 27 Warren drags Tillerson into fight... Warren blasted Tillerson for his lobbying efforts as Exxon Mobil CEO. 59 Shares 28 Senate subcommittee to launch... The Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism announced the investigation into... 59 Shares 29 White House warns Israel on... The White House on Thursday warned Israel to stop settlement announcements... 59 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Trump likely to face questions over travel ban in CEO's meeting Friday By Reuters Published: 15:09 EST, 1 February 2017 | Updated: 15:09 EST, 1 February 2017 e-mail By David Shepardson WASHINGTON, Feb 1 (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will likely face questions on his executive order restricting some travel to the United States when he meets chief executives of major U.S. companies on Friday at the White House. Companies whose CEO's are expected to attend the meeting of the president's business advisory panel include JPMorgan Chase & Co, General Motors Co, Blackstone Group LP , IBM Corp, Uber Technologies Inc and Walt Disney Co, two officials briefed on the meeting said on Wednesday. Trump's executive order suspending the U.S. refugee program for 120 days and putting a three-month ban on visitors from seven predominantly Muslim countries has prompted protests and legal challenges in the United States, and has drawn criticism from several leading U.S. companies. Among those critics, Uber chief executive Travis Kalanick wrote in an email to employees Saturday that "the ban will impact many innocent people — an issue that I will raise this coming Friday when I go to Washington for President Trump’s first business advisory group meeting." It was not clear if all 19 members of the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum would attend Friday's meeting. Other members include the chief executives of Tesla Motors Inc , Wal-Mart Stores Inc and Boeing Co. Tesla founder Elon Musk said this week that the travel order should be modified and he would seek a consensus among members of the advisory council. Ford Executive Chairman Bill Ford Jr. and Chief Executive Officer Mark Fields have also criticized the travel measure.. GM has declined to take a position. Trump ordered the restrictions on Jan. 27, saying they were aimed at protecting Americans from the threat of terrorist attacks. The business forum is chaired by Stephen A. Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of Blackstone. Trump is a wealthy New York real estate developer and his transition team announced the group in December, saying "some of America’s most highly respected and successful business leaders, will be called upon to meet with the president frequently to share their specific experience and knowledge as the President implements his economic agenda." The White House did not immediately comment Wednesday on the meeting. Trump has held numerous meeting with chief executives since taking office on Jan. 20, including leaders of major automakers, manufacturers, aerospace and pharmaceutical companies. Among the companies that have been most critical of the immigration orders are Netflix Inc, Apple Inc, and Amazon.com Inc, but none of these are represented in the business forum. Apple CEO Tim Cook told the Wall Street Journal the company is considering a legal challenge to the immigration order. (Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Frances Kerry) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She is devastated': Kylie Minogue 'ends engagement to Joshua Sasse following suspicions about his relationship with an actress' George and Amal Clooney step out for a romantic dinner in Spain amid pregnancy rumours Ocean's Eleven star, 55, took his wife on a date Emily Ratajkowski flaunts her incredible curves and enviable abs in boho floral bikini as she smoulders in stunning new beach shoot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Worse for wear David Beckham gallantly holds car door for Poppy Delevingne as they party together on her husband's birthday eve 'The cancer has gone, we are very happy': Michael Bublé's son Noah, 3, 'is recovering' from liver cancer after heartbreaking battle  Good news for singer Guest biogs, drones photographing from above and banquet feasting: 2017's HOTTEST wedding trends SPONSORED Swimming with turtles, lounging on the beach and catch ups over wine with the girls: Meet the jet setting, yoga loving beauty getting close to Kylie's man 'Miss this face every day': Wayne Rooney posts heartfelt Instagram tribute to Coleen's late sister Rosie on her birthday... five years after death PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Amber Rose showcases her famous buxom curves in orange bikini as she chills out in Honolulu Beach babe  That's a slippery slope! The Jump's Spencer Matthews 'caught up in love triangle with co-stars Vogue Williams and Jade Jones' On thin ice Angelina Jolie shares teaser of Netflix passion project she directed based on Cambodian genocide memoir Her Netflix passion project  Janet Jackson, 50, joins newborn son Eissa as he gets a visit from grandma Katherine, aunt Rebbie and uncle Randy Family fun She's got some front! Braless Dakota Johnson stuns in VERY plunging dress at Fifty Shades Darker premiere Exquisite No supporting act! Rita Ora steals the show at Fifty Shades Darker premiere in revealing dress...after being mocked for cameo role Dubbed her big break Where's the rest of it? Singer Halsey risks wardrobe malfunction with VERY revealing dress at Fifty Shades Darker premiere Left her cleavage bare Keeping mum! Rosie Huntington-Whiteley continues to spark pregnancy rumours as she protectively covers her tummy in LA Covered up What a drag! Scott Disick shares a suspicious-looking cigarette on his hotel balcony with a female friend  Smokin' (hot) women Kim Kardashian puts on eye-popping display in sheer tank as she steps out with sister Kourtney for dinner in Costa Rica Turning heads Getting hearts pumping! Mariah Carey hits the gym in cleavage-baring lingerie and HEELS She also needed her fishnet stockings  'I've not had a bum enlargement!' Comedian Katherine Ryan reveals shocking photo of her bare bottom covered in bruises is a FAKE Cheeky Red hot! Ashley James sizzles in flesh-flaunting mini dress as she showcases her ample cleavage and toned pins out in London Scarlet siren 'THICK!': Kylie Jenner shows off voluptuous figure in her own brand's yellow tracksuit Looking to make big inroads in the apparel market Christine Bleakley reveals retired footballer husband Frank Lampard has been 'in talks' to embark on acting career in Hollywood Scott Disick cosies up to a gaggle of women during trip to Miami after he professes love for on-off girlfriend Kourtney Kardashian Ladies man Make-up free Charlotte McKinney ditches the glamour as she steps out in sweats for casual day of shopping in West Hollywood Casual yet chic  Priorities in order! Heidi Klum reveals her panties as she pulls trousers down to her knees for a quick sunbathing session She's a cheeky one David Beckham opts for sunglasses and a low-key ensemble as he jets out of LAX... hours after partying with Poppy Delevingne Good night Love Island's Olivia Buckland looks effortlessly chic in a white leather jacket as she cuddles up to fiancé Alex Bowen That's a Lottie leg! Model Moss flashes her toned pins in thigh-skimming skirt as she makes an entrance at friend's birthday party Kate's little sister  Solange Knowles performs at free Super Bowl concert in Houston... just one day after sister Beyonce revealed she's pregnant with twins Meghan Markle has 'virtually moved in' with Prince Harry reveal friends of the actress as the pair enjoy a dinner date in London  'To the next level' 'Stop reaching!' Kylie Jenner, 19, calls fans 'f***** idiots' for claiming she wanted to make her waxwork's skin color darker than it really is Lambasted fans Handsome model David Gandy cuts a dapper figure in a dark camel coat as he steps out for lavish cocktail party Looking dapper  After the dramatic bus crash, life in Walford was (unfortunately) back to 'normal' in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley Anti-climatic Great guns! Chris Hemsworth's MASSIVE bulging bicep once again takes centre stage as fan tries to get in a selfie with star Australian actor 'I love you too dude': Kristen Stewart hypes Saturday Night Live hosting debut with Leslie Jones In a series of promotional clips for the NBC comedy PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Home sweet home! Neighbours welcome the Obamas back to their $4.3 million new D.C. home after their luxury break Kim Kardashian shows some leg in thigh-high lace-up boots as she steps out in NYC after meeting with French authorities for a second day in a row Blonde bombshell! Kim Basinger is back and how... as she wows on the red carpet in low-cut black gown at premiere of Fifty Shades Darker A part in erotic trilogy Miley Cyrus' sister Noah wears sheer dress to Fifty Shades Darker premiere in Los Angeles Make Me (Cry) songstress decided to show off her own flair Ferne McCann flashes her abs in a crop top as she films herself having non-surgical liposuction on her stomach after bum lift Back at it  'Not sure if I have the same confidence': Coco Austin shares throwback pic from racy car calendar shoot The 37-year-old shared a racy throwback pic Juliette Lewis shows off her svelte frame in skinny jeans with a khaki coat and hat while catching flight at LAX The actress cut a casual figure in skintight denim Blue jean baby! Paris Jackson wears crop top and denims with frayed cuffs as she enjoys a concert night out in LA Spotted leaving James Arthur's LA concert  Keri Russell wears minimal makeup as she steps out in skinny jeans and ankle boots while on the move in New York city Natural beauty Bundled up beauty! Zoe Kravitz dons blue duster coat with trousers and a heavy navy scarf while holding hands with boyfriend Karl Glusman She doesn't look a day older! Elle Macpherson, 52, shares a sweet throwback bikini photo of herself at the beach with her two sons in 2005 She's ripped! Kourtney Kardashian wears torn jeans and biker jacket as she takes daughter Penelope to Beverly Hills gallery Just back from holiday America's Next Top Model judge Tyson Beckford pulls GUN on process server outside his Miami apartment  A look back at Minogue's ill-fated relationships including her failed 'engagement' to Olivier Martinez as she 'splits from fiancé Joshua Sasse' ' 'She always wanted kids and I never did': Dannii Minogue spoke about her sister Kylie's, 48, hopes for a baby earlier this year Ended engagement Beyonce the work of art: Queen Bey's pregnancy photo series echoes famous paintings featuring Venus and the Virgin Mary Lena Dunham sports aggressive pink eyeshadow as she teams up with Girls cast at premiere of final season Heavy make-up Can't make up your mind? Allison Williams wears trousers AND a dress at premiere of Girls final season That's how you make an entrance... and an exit Leslie Mann looks smitten with Judd Apatow at Girls premiere... after revealing argument with daughters over 'inappropriate' snaps Leggy display! Erin McNaught flaunts her trim pins and flashes white lace bra in a thigh-skimming denim frock as she enjoys a pamper session 'She's the vilest woman I've ever met in my life': CBB's Coleen Nolan rants about Kim Woodburn as Nicola McLean vows to 'never to see her again'  'Prep with my man': Ellen Pompeo brings newborn son Eli to work as she gets ready for directorial debut on Grey's Anatomy Behind the scenes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Georgia May Jagger and Grumpy Cat make it a date: Party team up for party in Germany to celebrate calendars  Is she fur real? Selma Blair wears red coat reminiscent of bath robe with animal hair trim around Los Angeles Looked like a very cosy cover up Part of the squad! Kelsea Ballerini says pal Taylor Swift taught her how to deal with fame as she covers Billboard magazine 'I'm really disappointed to be out!' Vogue Williams forced to QUIT The Jump just days before anticipated launch after suffering serious knee injury Babies, let's get in Formation! Beyonce 'set to perform at this year's Grammy Awards' after revealing she's pregnant with twins No slowing down That's quite the pregnancy album! Beyonce displays her baby bump in underwater video after announcing she's having twins Red hot! Emma Roberts shows off her new fiery colored hair as she leaves the salon in Hollywood Sporting freshly coloured tresses 'Call your senator': Amy Schumer continues anti-Trump activism by urging fans to oppose 'unqualified' Education Secretary pick Betsy DeVos 'I'm a sex goddess!' Teen Holly Willoughby, 18, grabs her assets as she makes saucy profession in sizzling throwback lingerie ad 'You have to bite the bullet': Kristen Stewart admits she is dreading her SNL hosting debut on Saturday Even if vampires don't make her flinch Khloe Kardashian helps Lauren lose 50 pounds and reconnect with her dead father on E! reality show Revenge Body With a celebrity trainer Making waves! Karlie Kloss sports curly locks and monochrome mini dress  during high fashion Vogue photo shoot at Sydney's Bondi Beach Lena Dunham admits she crossed 'boundaries of professionalism' as she reveals she once 'made out' with a Girls guest star  James Corden jokes about being the lowest paid late night talk show host on television... ahead of Grammys hosting gig But he's hit the big time... 'I've had some really bad hairstyles': Shane Warne reveals style disasters as ex-cricketer celebrates 10 years as an Advanced Hair Studio ambassador Borne this way! Lady Gaga gets police escort to NRG Stadium in Houston as she rehearses for Super Bowl Halftime Show  She's all fired up 'Yo I made it!' Rihanna steps out in biker chic ensemble... after celebrating Mariah Carey wearing her Fenty heels to the GYM Dressed in all black In bed with Hilary Duff! Star shows off her legs while wearing only panties and a T-shirt on Instagram A long way from being a self-conscious teen Is this the end of underwear? Why stars are forgoing bras and pants on the red carpet (and why they believe it makes them look more CLASSY) Victoria's Secret stars Jasmine Tookes, Martha Hunt and Taylor Hill bring the heat to Miami with sizzling bikini photo shoot Trio of Angels  Lily-Rose Depp goes on spending spree at Chanel in Beverly Hills... amid reports of dad Johnny's ongoing financial woes Karl Lagerfeld's muse Make-up free Julia Roberts, 49, looks bright as she goes shopping for interior decor with daughter Hazel in Malibu Had a stylish wintry get-up Just like mom! Rumer Willis stars in Gap campaign paying homage to mother Demi Moore and her 1990 ad Just like her famous mother Demi Kate Moss, 43, goes completely naked for W magazine as she joins Jennifer Lopez, Jessica Chastain, Taraji P Henson and Donatella Versace Quite the treat! Sara Gilbert has mother-son date with Rhodes at Jessica's Biel's pricey Au Fudge restaurant in Los Angeles Spoiling her little boy  A look at Shanina Shaik and fiancé DJ Ruckus' $100,000-a-month Miami rental property with incredible waterfront views and a heated swimming pool  Miranda gets her dream role in Annie: Actress in final negotiations to play Miss Hannigan when musical moves into the Piccadilly Theatre  'F*** you Price is Right!': Aaron Paul aims for game show redemption with the help of James Corden 17 years after walking away a loser A gloomy affair is saved by the belle: The Glass Menagerie is glum but Cherry Jones gives a fine turn, writes QUENTIN LETTS   SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Who silenced royal rebel Lady Amelia? Duke of Kent's granddaughter deletes her Instagram account  Upbeat Elbow go out on a limb: Little Fictions is a slow-burning blockbuster, writes ADRIAN THRILLS  JAN MOIR: Apple Tree Yard and a brutally real portrait of a wife in crisis  It caused controversy and divided opinion Coco Austin puts on a busty display as she steps out with baby Chanel... as Ice T proudly reveals his daughter has inherited his 'mean mug' Focused on family: Bethenny Frankel spends some quality time time with daughter Bryn after nasty drama with her ex Family first Making a dog's dinner of it! CBB's Jedward and Bianca Gascoigne try not to gag as they're forced to eat unsavoury 'mystery can' Not good enough to eat Tallia Storm flaunts her tanned and toned legs in a sequinned silver mini dress and chunky black ankle boots at fashion party Leggy lady Making them green with envy! Camilla dazzles in a velvet gown as she brings some glamour to the British Asian Trust dinner in London  'If there's anyone designed to deal with it, it's her': Meghan Markle's on-screen Suits fiancé Patrick J. Adams approves of her royal romance 'She's the love of my life': Scott Disick declares Kourtney Kardashian is the one in KUWTK trailer...before getting cuddly with beauties in Miami 'The shoot is not soft porn, it is actual fashion': Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm defends posing naked for Playboy Make-up free Cindy Crawford shows off her svelte figure in skintight jeans and plunging white top ahead of 51st birthday Fit at 50 Enjoying a bit too much Pillowtalk? Pop heartthrob Zayn Malik sports a serious case of bed head as he enjoys shopping trip in Beverly Hills Going solo! Taylor Swift releases filmed acoustic rehearsal of I Don't Wanna Live Forever... without singing partner Zayn When two become one 'I didn't want to play a crack addict': Naomie Harris reveals she initially turned down Moonlight because of 'negative portrayals of women' in film That's one way to go viral! Mariah Carey poses in racy lingerie as she streams Facebook Live video...and hits one million views in first hour Busty Preeya Kalidas flashes her legs in a glamorous baby blue gown with dramatic ruffles at British Asian Trust dinner Blue-tiful Master and Apprentice! Arnold Schwarzenegger lunches with Mickey Rourke... after hitting back at Trump over ratings  Celebrity yearbook photos including Jimmy Kimmel in a tacky prom shirt, Tina Fey clutching a rose and a baby-faced Amy Adams are brought to life for Super Bowl ad Keke Palmer reveals truce with Trey Songz after claims he filmed her without her consent as she puts on another fashion show in New York You're fired! Gloomy Ivanka is pictured leaving DC home after Nordstrom drops her fashion brand amid angry boycott by thousands of women 'I can't wait to share our journey': New mum Stephanie Davis dotes over baby son Caben-Albi in adorable video  Preparing to raise her newborn alone 'I have three hearts': Pregnant Beyoncé strips NAKED to show off her baby bump in intimate snaps after announcing she is expecting twins  'Having twins is the most incredible experience ever!' Mariah Carey congratulates pal Beyonce after baby news   'Targeting the weakest does not show strength,' Angelina Jolie pens op-ed for the New York Times about refugee policy  Scarlett Johansson flaunts her famous curves in nude-looking suit in a sneak peek of her new movie Ghost In The Shell ahead of trailer  Naked tummy! Gigi Hadid models crop top that exposes her belly button and adds leather jacket to help keep out chill in NYC Tum's the word 'You made a reputation by showing your knockers!' CBB's Kim Woodburn takes aim at 'vile little creature' Nicola McLean as she's branded 'scum' Wigged out! Oprah Winfrey looks virtually unrecognisable in crimped blonde hairpiece on Los Angeles set of A Wrinkle In Time EXCLUSIVE Tequila shots, karaoke and a VERY A-list crowd: Behind-the-scenes at Harry Styles' 23rd birthday bash with Adele and Cindy Crawford Forgotten something? Lisa Appleton struggles to contain her ample assets as she dons a pair of tiny bikini briefs in Spain She always turns heads EXCLUSIVE: Timbaland's divorce lawyer slaps a lien on the music producer's $5 million Miami mansion for unpaid bills Pricey The apple of his (Beady) Eye! Liam Gallagher's son Gene sports similar haircut and same distinctive eyebrows as rocker dad on shopping spree 'It's time for us to embrace': Matthew McConaughey says celebrities should accept Trump is president and 'be constructive' 'This performance is for everyone': Lady Gaga talks up 'athletic' halftime show at Super Bowl after dancing in her underwear backstage Bikini-clad Kim Zolciak calls her husband Kroy Biermann 'sexy' as she posts photo of him in a very tight Speedo during beach getaway Fun in the sun J.C. Penney defends Beyonce using her own lyrics after critics snidely suggest that her 'awkward' pregnancy photo was taken at the retailer's portrait studio Fans accuse Beyoncé of copying M.I.A.'s music video for her maternity shoot - just months after the Sri Lankan rapper said Bey stole her sound What controversy? Mel Gibson smiles as his upcoming police brutality film Dragged Across Concrete sparks a social media backlash 'I get paid quite well to not be biased!': Rylan Clark-Neal hits out at claims CBB BOTS is unfair to housemates... as he confirms he'll still host the spin-off show  Drew Barrymore wanted 'ultra-traditional' upbringing for her two daughters as she calls split from husband her 'worst nightmare'  Back to basics Jamie Dornan flaunts his muscular physique as he showcases impressive pommel horse trick on Conan O'Brien Impressive Looking extra pouty! Rumer Willis shows off bigger lips as she attends opening of new basement bar in New York Getting lippy Selena Gomez is nominated for Kids' Choice Award as her current beau The Weeknd goes up against ex Bieber in 2017 nominations Oops, she did it again! Britney Spears suffers an EPIC wardrobe malfunction as she exposes her bare breast during Las Vegas show Kanye West is reprimanded by CFDA for his 'bad behavior' after failing to liaise with NYFW organizers about his Yeezy Season Five show Kim Kardashian looks slimmer than ever as she flaunts her gym-honed figure in black bikini alongside sister Kourtney during family getaway in Costa Rica Nicki Minaj invests in huge security upgrade for mansion following brazen thieves steal $200K worth of property and trash her home  Taking no chances 'I started doing hard drugs at age 12': Khloe Kardashian listens as latest Revenge Body contestant reveals she turned to meth to get thin 'We need a security guard 24-7': Kim Kardashian amps up protection for family in KUWTK sneak peek following armed heist Harrowing news Jennifer Connelly opts for a low-key look in a navy coat and beanie as she enjoys a stroll with husband Paul Bettany in New York Feeling the chill Oscar-winning Leonardo DiCaprio gets his meat seasoned by viral meme sensation Salt Bae at the chef's Dubai steakhouse  Just a sprinkle  Feeling Ferry saucy! Geordie Shore's Chloe leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her ample assets and tiny waist in skimpy lingerie Ola Jordan and Heidi Montag look worse for wear as they twerk up a storm during wild night out with husbands James and Spencer Justin brings Bieber Fever to the Super Bowl with wacky dance moves as he honours the history of touchdown celebrations in new advert 'Things just didn't work out': Singer Ella Eyre 'amicably' ends her two-year relationship with Rixton drummer Lewi Morgan Sad news  Kim Kardashian relives horror of Paris jewel heist by testifying in New York after a judge flew to meet her to identify armed men who robbed her at gunpoint CBB's Bianca Gascoigne puts on an eye-popping display as she poses provocatively in lingerie for racy pre-show photo shoot EXCLUSIVE 'I love to mix it up!': Ellie Goulding reveals the secrets behind her stunning athletic shape She's a fitness enthusiast  Alesha Dixon dares to be different in sexy leather mesh dress with sheer skirt as she joins glam Amanda Holden at Britain's Got Talent auditions in Birmingham Victoria Beckham shows off slim figure in chic trousers and polo-neck for shopping trip ... but STILL keeps her favourite sunglasses on in drizzly London Don't let mum and dad see! Brooklyn Beckham tucks into HUGE baguette during London day out without health fanatic parents David and Victoria  'I've got my priorities really in order!': Rob Lowe laughs as Jimmy Kimmel ribs him over job ad for assistant who can turn on his jacuzzi and arrange massages 'I really fell in love': Iskra Lawrence posts lingerie selfie as she reveals she's learned to accept her curves while inspiring women to celebrate their bodies 'Everybody's looking': New Fifty Shades Darker trailer reveals glamorous Masquerade Ball sequence A new promo has debuted  'I'm more nervous on runways now' than when I was 21': Naomi Campbell, 46, admits she feels 'vulnerable' on the catwalk alongside younger models 'I'd love to be with Kate Middleton!': Drew Barrymore reveals she fancies the Duchess of Cambridge... as she jokes about being 'naughty in my forties' 'Breakouts have made me stay in my house all day': Ashley Benson opens up about her struggle with acne at the launch of a spot-reducing gel product Johnny Depp brands former business managers 'reprehensible' after details of his spendthrift $2million-a-month lifestyle emerge  McQueen Bey! Hollyoaks' pregnant matriarch Myra recreates THAT Beyonce baby pic... yet swaps designer lingerie for sports top and cardi Lottie Moss cuts a demure figure in lace-up jeans and fur coat as she hits the town for casual night out Certainly looked the part of a fashion model  It's Patsy TANsit! Actress overdoes the bronzer as she dons workout gear for energetic jog in the rain Not exactly tanning weather in London 'It left me bereft': Kris Marshall quits Death In Paradise after Caribbean filming separated him from his family... as fans mourn 'heartbreaking' news No dramas! Danielle Lloyd steps out in double denim after furiously denying Nicola McLean's claims she attended her wedding to Jamie O'Hara CBB's Nicola McLean flaunts her ample assets in racy lace lingerie as she poses for saucy pre-show shoot WAG and glamour model, 35 'It's a disaster!': Make-up free Dakota Johnson dons fur coat at LAX airport after revealing everything she says turns sexual Only the best for the Lord! Scott Disick stayed in $12,500 a night suite in Miami after fleeing Kardashian Costa Rican getaway 'I've never met a hater whose life I wish I had': Gabrielle Union bites back at mean girls as she flaunts her fabulous figure at 44 in Women's Health Trump requests prayers for Arnold Schwarzenegger and his Apprentice ratings... as his replacement suggest they switch jobs  'WAKE UP & JOIN THE RESISTANCE': Sarah Silverman calls for a military coup to overthrow President Trump Controversial statement Twinning! Cindy Crawford's son Presley Gerber steps out with girlfriend Lily - whose model good looks will fit right in Strictly's rumoured new head judge Gary Edwards suffers 'TV fail' when he continuously refers to Len Goodman as a 'matriarch' rather than a patriarch Imogen Thomas displays her curves in colourful swimwear at the launch of her new collection... as she reveals her relationship has lost its spark Gaz Beadle transforms into a naughty pensioner as he hits the gym and chats girls up in hilarious prank ahead of Spring Break with Grandad launch Just like Linda! Lusardi's daughter Lucy Kane shows an uncanny resemblance to her mum... as she 'blows judges away on The Voice End of an era! Designer Riccardo Tisci leaves Givenchy after 12 YEARS with the French fashion house - as rumors suggest he is heading to Versace Move over George! Adorable Prince of Bhutan proves himself a contender for world's cutest royal baby as he poses for his first birthday portrait Nick Gordon steps out on second anniversary of the day girlfriend Bobbi Kristina was tragically found unresponsive in bathtub 'I love having her around again': Brooke Vincent reveals she was instrumental in her on-screen sister Helen Flanagan's return to Coronation Street Drinking problems! Coronation Street viewers spot a major props blunder when Kate serves Toyah a glass of wine from an EMPTY bottle Who said acting was easy? Joanne Froggatt shelters from the rain as she braves freezing conditions while filming Liar in Kent Alice Eve oozes classic Hollywood glamour in a sophisticated all-black ensemble as she enjoys a low-key dinner in LA British beauty Gigi Hadid wears nothing but a tiny miniskirt as she goes braless for tasteful LOVE magazine shoot Stunning black and white snap  That's a butt rude! Rita Ora is cheeky in see-through gym pants ... as she steps out in LA after congratulating Beyonce on her pregnancy news What a view! Will pregnant Beyonce still perform at Coachella? Singer's April headline slot is uncertain after announcement she's expecting twins The adorable moment Prince Harry pranks an unimpressed school boy with the 'wrong shoulder' trick (and acts surprised when the joke's turned on him) Bella Thorne flaunts her taut tummy as she works up a sweat with her wild moves while leading a dance class Energetic night! Heidi Klum steals the spotlight in a quirky black Victoriana-style ensemble and heavy jewels as she shoots Germany's Next Top Model 'We do get a bit delirious': Rebel Wilson and Anna Kendrick share behind-the-scenes Pitch Perfect 3 video after filming for 15 hours Geordie Shore's Holly Hagan shows off her toned curves as she shares an eye-popping bikini shot from her holiday in Thailand 'I absolutely hate my natural look': Katie Price shares rare 'make-up free' selfie as she takes a break from her hair extensions Ed Sheeran fans hit out at touts after tickets to the British pop star's UK tour were being sold online for up to £1,000 just minutes after going on sale  Racy in red! Lucy Mecklenburgh shows off her stunningly slim figure in chic bikini as she posts yet ANOTHER swimsuit snap from Dubai trip 'Let me come in your changing room!' Trinny Woodall accidentally propositions Phillip Schofield live on This Morning leaving Holly Willoughby in hysterics What a bikini body! Justin Bieber's 'ex' Sahara Ray almost busts out of her skimpy swimwear in racy Instagram snap after THAT lingerie shot Lorraine Kelly can't contain her giggles as she recreates the famous pottery scene from the movie Ghost with Dr Hilary Jones as Patrick Swayze  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics AMZN Snapchat IPO Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day More Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) to Build Its Own Air Cargo Hub in Kentucky The hub will bring 2,000 jobs to the state Feb 1, 2017, 1:52 pm EST  |  By William White, InvestorPlace Writer     Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) is building its own air cargo hub in Kentucky. Source: ©iStock.com/killerbayer Amazon.com, Inc. will be located at the Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky Airport in Hebron, Ken. The location will add 2,000 jobs to the company’s workforce in the state when it opens. AMZN already has 10,000 employees in Kentucky across its 11 fulfillment centers in the state. Amazon.com, Inc. says that the location in Hebron will act as a hub for the company’s cargo planes. It notes that the area has skilled workers and that it is close to one of the company’s fulfillment centers in the state. Amazon.com, Inc. has a lease agreement for 40 cargo planes. It now has 16 cargo planes in service. These planes make sure that Prime members get their items delivered to them fast. The cargo hub will have employees loading, unloading and sorting packages. “Amazon’s Prime Air hub promises to revolutionize the fulfillment industry worldwide, and Kentucky is excited to partner with them as they embark on this disruptive, transformative and exciting venture,” Kentucky Governor Matt Bevin said in a statement. “This new project will pay dividends to both the company and our state, and we are truly grateful for the jobs and economic impact it will bring to the commonwealth.” Amazon.com, Inc. isn’t the only company dedicated to making sure packages arrive on time. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) recently announced that ShippingPass is coming to an end. Instead, the retailer will be offering free two-day shipping for all online orders of $35 or more. This is likely an effort to pull customers away from AMZN. AMZN stock was up slightly as of Wednesday afternoon. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/02/amazon-com-inc-kentucky-amzn/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Consider Selling as Fear Returns to the Market World's 3 Worst ETFs Alibaba Stock Has a Secret Weapon 3 BRICs Buys That Play Banking, Buying and … Beef? A Trade War With China Puts These Stocks at Risk 3 Big M&A Deals That We Could See in 2017 More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Consider Selling as Fear Returns to the Market World's 3 Worst ETFs Alibaba Stock Has a Secret Weapon 3 BRICs Buys That Play Banking, Buying and … Beef? A Trade War With China Puts These Stocks at Risk 3 Big M&A Deals That We Could See in 2017 More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Consider Selling as Fear Returns to the Market World's 3 Worst ETFs Alibaba Stock Has a Secret Weapon 3 BRICs Buys That Play Banking, Buying and … Beef? A Trade War With China Puts These Stocks at Risk 3 Big M&A Deals That We Could See in 2017 More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Consider Selling as Fear Returns to the Market World's 3 Worst ETFs Alibaba Stock Has a Secret Weapon 3 BRICs Buys That Play Banking, Buying and … Beef? A Trade War With China Puts These Stocks at Risk 3 Big M&A Deals That We Could See in 2017 ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Stocks to Sell as Fear Returns to the Market The 3 Worst ETFs in the World A Trade War With China Puts These Stocks at Risk 3 BRICS Buys That Play Banking, Buying and … Beef? Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Stock Isn’t As Tasty It Looks Most Popular 5 Stocks to Buy to Defy a Weak February The Top 10 Dow Dividend Stocks for February Why Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Should Expect Fireworks Soon 3 “Left for Dead” Stocks Making a Comeback The 5 Best Stocks to Buy for Big Emerging Markets Profits 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Strativity launches Journey Mapping and Management Academy to Improve Customer Experience Services, Technology, and Education 1 February 2017Military News HACKENSACK, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Strativity Group, Inc., the world’s leading customer experience consultancy, announces the launch of the Journey Management Academy to provide a single source of tools and expertise for the diverse needs of those looking to map, prioritize, and manage their customers’ journeys. In a heavily fragmented market that has a track record of “launch and abandon,” the new Journey Management Academy provides clarity and a comprehensive ecosystem for success. The Journey Management Academy contains a complete offering including education, certification, technology, validation, action planning, and accountability for execution. “While the Journey Management Academy is new to the market, the methods that underpin it are based on the fifteen years of experience that both Strativity and Touchpoint Dashboard provide,” stated Touchpoint Dashboard’s Managing Director, Peter Haid. “With over 17,000 journey maps and 200 CX transformation programs, we deliver unparalleled expertise and increase our clients’ success.” The Journey Management Academy will include Journey management education and certification Expert consulting to lead mapping engagements Touchpoint Dashboard’s market-leading technology, to improve and manage customer journeys Journey management validation and action planning Journey management execution tracking through Touchpoint Dashboard Lior Arussy, President, and CEO of Strativity adds, “Strativity has been at the forefront of empowering customer experience transformation, and this new addition is our next step. Organizations and professionals now have a single source for technology, expertise, and transformation support. The Journey Management Academy does more than offer education and certification; it provides a platform for customer experience professionals to turn journey mapping visualization into enterprise action that can deliver exceptional results.” The Journey Management Academy’s first public two-day immersive certification workshop at the PORSCHE Experience Center and Four Seasons Hotel will be in Atlanta, GA in April 2017. More information on the new Journey Management Academy and the workshop can be found at http://go.strativity.com/jmacademy. About Strativity Group Inc. Passion, Expertise, and Execution The people at Strativity are united by passion and guided by a proprietary integrated methodology to unleash exceptional performance with employees and customers. With experience at leading organizations such as Bain, Deloitte, EY, Ipsos, Bulgari and HP, Strativity brings world-class experience combined with a focus on measurable results. We measure success by a single word: Execution. Strativity has had the privilege of working with exceptional brands such as Mercedes-Benz, MasterCard, Royal Caribbean Cruise Line, Walmart, New York Times, FedEx, Mazda, SAP, Honeywell and Johnson & Johnson. With over 200 completed projects in 21 countries impacting over 600 million customers and 1,000,000 employees, Strativity is ready to face your challenge. https://www.strativity.com About Touchpoint Dashboard Where Journeys Meet Exceptional Experiences Touchpoint Dashboard is the world’s first and largest SaaS journey management toolkit that allows major brands to evolve from journey mapping visualization to journey management of initiatives. The method we use allows large enterprises to build, discuss, validate, analyze, present, act, and manage all of their customer’s journeys from one CX command center. http://www.touchpointdashboard.com Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged academy Business command Education major Markets Technology Uncategorized World Post navigation Top 10 Pharma Firms More Likely to Establish Dedicated Patient-Centric Marketing Groups Intema grows eFlyerMaker client more than 3000% and Celebrates Several 2016 Accomplishments Search Search for: Partners US Restaurants Copyright © 2017 MilTech. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Rewards and Better Interest Rates Are U.S. Consumers’ Top Reasons for Switching Banks Rewards and Better Interest Rates Are U.S. Consumers’ Top Reasons for Switching Banks Posted on February 1, 2017 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Mercator Advisory Group survey finds that 28% of U.S. consumers who switched banks in the last two years did so for better bank rewards. Boston, MA (PRWEB) February 01, 2017 Mercator Advisory Group’s most recent Insight Summary Report, Omnichannel and Branch Banking: Remember and Reward Your Customers, reveals that U.S. consumers want their financial institution to offer them better rates and rewards. The report from the Banking and Channels Survey in the bi-annual CustomerMonitor Survey Series, a part of Mercator’s Primary Data Service. It is based findings from Mercator Advisory Group’s CustomerMonitor Survey Series online panel of 3,000 U.S. adult consumers surveyed in November 2016. The survey suggests that 15% of U.S. adults switch primary financial institutions, and at least 1 in 4 young adults and high-income earners do so. Better rewards or offers (28%) and better rates for savings accounts or checking and deposit accounts (26%) are the top reasons for this switch. Moving out of the area and more convenient bank branches are also top reasons for switching banks. Convenient bank branches were rarely considered a reason for switching banks in 2015, but more consumers recognize the importance of branch locations in 2016, though it may not be for purely transactional reasons. Better customer service, more robust online and mobile banking, superior financial management tools, and knowing the customer better are increasingly important factors that attract new customers. The report, Omnichannel and Branch Banking: Remember and Reward Your Customers, shows that consumers often use multiple financial institutions, but increasingly choose institutions that provide them the best offers or rewards for them and offers, if they are relevant and useful are one of the personalized bank services of most interest to survey respondents. Yet, they don’t want to be bombarded with offers that they have already declined or in which they have no interest. This study examines the demographic shifts, types of financial institutions where U.S. consumers have accounts, use of bank branches compared to other banking channels, and frequency of branch visits. The survey data reported identifies trends in consumers’ methods of communicating with their bank and frequency of contact, perceptions of an ideal branch, interest in in-branch videoconferencing, and mobile-based personalization. The report discusses opportunities for cross-selling and opportunities for improving the banking customers’ omnichannel experience. “Consumers want their financial institutions to know them, remember what they told them, help them to make better financial decisions, and reward them with better offers,” states Karen Augustine, manager of Primary Data Services including CustomerMonitor Survey Series at Mercator Advisory Group and author of the report. Highlights of this report include: Year-over-year trending of the number/types of financial institutions used by U.S. consumers, the institutions they consider their primary FI, and usage of the primary institution’s credit card Shifts in communication methods with FIs and satisfaction with those methods Consumers’ reasons for switching primary financial institution and factors most important to them in selecting new financial institution New account openings by type of account by method, and experience with account opening Reasons for branch usage, frequency of visits, and interaction with branch staff Interest in becoming aware of relevant new financial products and services and preferred methods of learning about them Interest in mobile-based personalization when visiting a bank branch or ATM Frequency of cross-platform issues, delays or redundancies in information needed The report is 78 pages long and contains 32 exhibits Companies mentioned in the report include: Amazon, American Express, Apple, Discover, Google, PayPal, Target, Walmart, Walgreen’s. Members of Mercator Advisory Group CustomerMonitor Survey Series Service have access to this report as well as the upcoming research for the year ahead, presentations, analyst access and other membership benefits. Please visit us online at http://www.mercatoradvisorygroup.com. For more information and media inquiries, please call Mercator Advisory Group's main line: (781) 419-1700 or send email to info(at)mercatoradvisorygroup(dot)com. For free industry news, opinions, research, company information, and more, visit us at http://www.PaymentsJournal.com. Follow us on Twitter @ http://twitter.com/MercatorAdvisor. About Mercator Advisory Group Mercator Advisory Group is the leading independent research and advisory services firm exclusively focused on the payments and banking industries. We deliver pragmatic and timely research and advice designed to help our clients uncover the most lucrative opportunities to maximize revenue growth and contain costs. Our clients range from the world's largest payment issuers, acquirers, processors, merchants and associations to leading technology providers and investors. Mercator Advisory Group is also the publisher of the online payments and banking news and information portal PaymentsJournal.com. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/02/prweb14034178.htm Latest News My AZ Lawyers Handles Personal Injury Claim From Mesa Resident Against Mesa PD My AZ Lawyers Handles Personal Injury Claim From Mesa Resident Against Mesa PD Transamerican Auto Parts to Provide Extensive Support for 2017 King of the Hammers Cool-jams Walks the Talk When It Comes to Charitable Giving Cool-jams Walks the Talk When It Comes to Charitable Giving Kovels on Antiques & Collectibles February 2017 Newsletter Available White Oaks Wealth Earns 2017 Hedge Fund Award Rentec Direct Announces Tech Mastery Scholarship Winners Rentec Direct Announces Tech Mastery Scholarship Winners OnPrintShop Exhibits W2P Solution in PRINTPACK INDIA for the 4th Consecutive Year © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
News Sports Business Food Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Obituaries News All News Local news Crime Politics The Buzz C. W. Gusewelle Nation & World 913 816 North Homicide KC Community Faces Mary Sanchez Eyewitness Weird News Video Photos Sports All Sports Chiefs Royals Royals photos Sporting KC FC Kansas City Kansas Missouri K-State High School Scores & Stats NASCAR Outdoors NBA Blogs & Columns K Zone Judging the Royals Red Zone The Full 90 Campus Corner For Pete's Sake Sam Mellinger Vahe Gregorian Politics Politics Elections 2016 Opinion All Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Steve Rose Mary Sanchez Public Editor Midwest Voices As I See It Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Ink Events Arts & Culture Music Back to Rockville Comics Stargazing Puzzles & Games Movies Horoscopes Arts TV Restaurants Books Star TV listings Business All Business Cityscape Development Workplace Personal Finance National/International Technology Kids & Money Project: Downtown KC's revival Living All Living Chow Town Eat & Drink House & Home Jenee Osterheldt KC Gardens Advice columns Faith Travel Family Apps & Mobile True Blue app Red Zone Extra Star news apps Extra Time KC E-Star Shopping Cars Contests Jobs Moonlighting Homes All Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Spaces KC KC Weddings Contact us Chow Town February 1, 2017 1:00 PM Patti LaBelle is offering another family favorite — Banana Pudding Chow Town The daily dish on Kansas City's food and drink scene Patti LaBelle is now offering Banana Pudding dessert, which can be purchased at Wal-Mart. Wal-Mart i By Jasper J. Mirabile Jr. Special to The Star LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story I’m sure you remember the viral “Patti pie” video from James Wright a year or so ago. Patti LaBelle’s Sweet Potato Pie flew off the shelves and people were lined up across the country trying to get one for the holidays. After the famous pie craze she followed with fruit cobblers and a sweet potato pie with pecans. Well, my friends, it’s a new year, and LaBelle has resolved to bring even more delicious goodness to your dinner table in 2017. This time I think she has another hit: Banana Pudding. Rich, old-fashioned, creamy, comforting and delicious, LaBelle’s Banana Pudding is layered with a rich banana pudding, a banana pudding mousse and crumbled vanilla wafers topped with 12 vanilla wafers and more crumbled wafers. How can you go wrong with this Southern classic dessert? Just like all of LaBelle’s desserts, the banana pudding started with a family recipe and is made with quality ingredients for an authentic, home-style taste. True to her Southern roots, LaBelle’s recipe is simple and delicious, just like the original dessert made famous after the Civil War when bananas arrived in the states. I am particularly excited about this dessert at Wal-Mart because you can’t find fresh banana pudding at most grocery stores. And seriously, with everyone going crazy these days, working 24/7, running kids back-and-forth between soccer practice and dance class, no one really has time to think of a home-style dessert for the family. And who would ever turn down something so comforting as banana pudding? So when you’re out and about and you hear someone screaming “Oh Patti!” you now know they must be enjoying some of this creamy banana pudding and vanilla wafers. Thank you, Patti, and keep those desserts coming, my friend. Chef Jasper J. Mirabile Jr. of Jasper’s runs his family’s 62-year-old restaurant with his brother. Mirabile is a culinary instructor, founding member of Slow Food Kansas City and a national board member of the American Institute of Wine and Food. He is host to many famous chefs on his weekly radio show “Live! From Jasper’s Kitchen” on KCMO 710 AM and 103.7 FM. He also sells dressings and sauces. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Chow Town Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:31 Trump recognizes Douglass and other historic African-Americans Pause 3:39 KU coach Bill Self says it's been a 'unique last short period of time' 1:20 KU head coach Bill Self reads statement about Lagerald Vick after Baylor game 0:53 Whip up great guacamole in time for the Super Bowl 2:57 Do your part to stop the spread of flu 0:56 Children of stabbing victim get help from Independence police and community 0:29 Franklin Graham: Rain at inauguration a 'sign of God's blessing' 0:43 Betty White says her first job convinced her to stay in television 1:17 Where Kansas City ranks nationally for TV sports ratings 0:57 Raw video: Fire breaks out in KC's 18th & Vine District Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 days ago Lidia Bastianich visits Paradise 2:24 4 days ago Lidia Bastianich visits Paradise 1:20 a month ago Pastry chef at Stock Hill shares what she cooks when she is off the clock 2:03 2 months ago Cafe Europa opens Union Hill location View more video Chow Town Kansas City is catching on to the wonderful combo of barbecue and tacos Here’s how to whip up great guacamole in time for the Super Bowl Boulevard is now ‘official craft beer’ partner of the Royals Waldo’s Boru Ramen Bar sets opening date; more Eat Fit Go shops coming Patti LaBelle is offering another family favorite — Banana Pudding Entertainment Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Discover 270 Ways to Slash Your 2016 Tax Bill Home | Investing and Analysis Tags: Evercore | Retail | Stocks | Amazon Evercore: These 7 Retail Stocks May Plunge as Amazon Kills the Mall (AP/Stephan Savoia) By F McGuire   |   Wednesday, 01 Feb 2017 01:02 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    A top and respected Wall Street analyst had downgraded its ratings on seven retail stocks amid the real economic threat that Amazon.com Inc. will eventually inflict a fatal blow to brick-and-mortar tradition of shopping. CNBC and Barron's reported that Evercore ISI’s Omar Saad and team cut seven of the eight retail stocks they cover to "hold" from "buy," noting that the “softline wholesale channel must evolve or die.”   Deckers Outdoor (DECK), Fossil (FOSL), Michael Kors Holdings (KORS), PVH (PVH), Ralph Lauren (RL), Under Armour (UAA), VFC (VFC)   Evercore predicts apparel and luxury-goods makers that rely on the traditional physical retail store model will suffer in the coming years. "Many players in the wholesale-to-retail softlines paradigm [are] still drawing massive amounts of profitability from this antiquated vertical chain, and 2017 [is] shaping up to be another fundamentally challenging year (declining traffic, weak sell-through, shrinking inventories, falling reorders, weather unpredictability, etc.)," analyst Saad wrote in a note to clients Wednesday. "We recommend reducing exposure to company's with significant profit exposure to traditional wholesale channels. … Concession/marketplace model [is] inevitable, AMZN will be catalyst for dominos to start falling." With a current market cap of $390 billion, the Seattle-based retail giant is now worth more than the top eight traditional brick-and-mortar retailers combined, as Credit Suisse analysts led by Eugene Klerk mentioned in a recent note, Yahoo Finance reported. For the record, that roster includes Best Buy (BBY), Macy’s (M), Target (TGT), JCPenney (JCP), Nordstrom (JWN), Walmart (WMT), Kohl’s (KSS) and Sears (SHLD). “That’s an impressive, even astonishing feat, no doubt, given Amazon was founded in chief executive Jeff Bezos’ garage in 1994," Yahoo Finance reported. "But it’s not exactly shocking, given the rapid transition over the last 20 years away from shopping in physical retail stores in lieu of online shopping, where retailers like Amazon can offer lower pricing on products and services because they don’t have to offset the costs of also paying for physical stores," Yahoo Finance reported. "It also helps that Amazon has invested heavily in building out new warehouses to reduce delivery time of items from weeks and days to hours, in some cases.” For its part, Amazon recently said it would create more than 100,000 full-time jobs in the United States over the next 18 months. The staffing will help the e-commerce giant as it pushes into categories from groceries to hardware, online video, fashion, cloud services and multiple tiers of delivery services. Many of the jobs will be in new fulfillment centers, the company said in a statement. Amazon said it plans to increase its full-time U.S.-based workforce to more than 280,000 by mid-2018 from 180,000 in 2016. Amazon had about 230,800 full-time and part-time employees as of Dec. 31, 2015. “These jobs are not just in our Seattle headquarters or in Silicon Valley—they’re in our customer service network, fulfillment centers and other facilities in local communities throughout the country,” said Jeff Bezos, Amazon Founder and CEO. Bezos said he plans to add another 100,000 new jobs "across the company over the next 18 months as we open new fulfillment centers, and continue to invent in areas like cloud technology, machine learning, and advanced logistics.” Over the past five years, Amazon has created more than 150,000 jobs in the U.S., growing it’s workforce to 180,000 at the end of last year. (Newsmax wire services and Reuters and Bloomberg contributed to this report). Related Stories:  Yahoo Finance: Amazon Worth More Than 8 Largest US Retailers Combined Amazon to Create More Than 100,000 Full-Time US Jobs in 18 Months Amazon Plans to Launch Drone-distributing Flying Warehouses © 2017 Newsmax Finance. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share InvestingAnalysis A top and respected Wall Street analyst had downgraded its ratings on seven retail stocks amid the real economic threat that Amazon will eventually inflict a fatal blow to brick-and-mortar tradition of shopping. Evercore, Retail, Stocks, Amazon 567 Wednesday, 01 Feb 2017 01:02 PM 2017-02-01 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Tech CEOs Blast Trump Muslim Immigration Ban Sunday, 29 Jan 2017 | 81 comments Sounds like some Corporate bosses need to be hiring Americans, then their... CEO Jeff Bezos Says Amazon Backs Suit Opposing Trump Order Tuesday, 31 Jan 2017 | 55 comments Mr. Bezos certainly has the right to voice his displeasure and as a long... GE's Iraq Contracts Could Reportedly Be Threatened by Trump Ban Thursday, 02 Feb 2017 | 45 comments If GE is employing US citizens with US passports I see no problems with... Supermarket Shares Dip After Trump Threatens Mexico Trade Friday, 27 Jan 2017 | 41 comments Good news for California's agricultural industry, bad news for Mexico. Buy... Trump Meets with Drugmakers, Seeks Lower Prices, U.S. Production Tuesday, 31 Jan 2017 | 40 comments President Trump nails it again. Stay the course Mr. President....       To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
WFTV Orlando LIVE http://www.wftv.com/cmg-main-theme/css WFTV Orlando SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wftv profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12384721 Home 12384770 News County by County National/World News 9 Investigates Action 9 CFL Spotlight Politics Watch Live Movie Awards Season Pulse Shooting 12384727 Weather 5 Day Forecast LIVE: Doppler 9 HD Local Maps Hour-by-Hour Hacks and Facts Lifestyle Forecasts 12384812 Traffic Traffic News I-4 Ultimate Project Pump Patrol 12384830 Sports High School Football Orlando Magic Orlando City Soccer Super Bowl College & Pro Sports 12384884 Videos 12384962 9 Family TV 27 Community Connection Cox Conserves Science Center Weather Experience Black History Month Aging Parents 12385010 Home Experts Toyota of Orlando Toyota of Clermont Shop CFL Legal Headlines The Daily Two Automotive Buy/Sell 12384974 icFlorida Local Events Entertainment Movies Pets Theme Parks/Attractions Contests 12385052 ABOUT WFTV WFTV News Team WFTV Mobile Apps WFTV Listings TV 27 TV Listings WFTV.com Media Kit WFTV.com Member Help Jobs at WFTV/WRDQ More WFTV Newsletter Sign Up Delivered To Your Inbox Newsletter: Sign Up Please Wait Thank You for Subscribing! Your newsletters will be arriving soon. Attorney: Prosecutors have 'no evidence' wife of Pulse gunman is dangerous Updated: Feb 2, 2017 - 9:11 AM Twtter OAKLAND, Calif. - The wife of Pulse nightclub gunman Omar Mateen faced an Oakland judge Wednesday for a bond hearing. The judge ruled that Noor Salman will stay in jail pending a mental evaluation before he decides if she'll be released on bail. Related Headlines Wife of Pulse shooter present at preparations for attack, but unaware,… Wife of Pulse gunman to face judge Tuesday on charges she helped… Indictment: Wife knowingly aided Pulse gunman's attempt to send… FBI agents arrested Salman Jan. 16 on charges of aiding and abetting and obstruction of justice in connection with the June 12, 2016, massacre in which 49 people were killed. Raw: Attorneys for Noor Salman discuss mental evaluation Salman’s defense team argued that she should be freed because she’s been under FBI surveillance since the attack but hasn’t tried to flee. Prosecutors said it's a different situation now because Salman faces life in prison. Salman’s relatives said they believe that she had no knowledge of Mateen’s plans to carry out the attack. Prosecutors said Salman at first said she knew nothing about the attack, then after further questioning, she admitted that she saw Mateen watching ISIS recruiting videos. Salman also said he watched jihad material, prosecutors said. "The federal government has refused to provide us copies of the interview. The federal government has refused to talk to us. The government has refused to provide us copies of the interview," said Charles Swift, Salman's attorney. Photos: Noor Salman appears in federal court Salman's defense argued that being present while the videos were played doesn't make her part of the plan and said she had no idea what Mateen was planned on the night of the attack. "The facts show she went to sleep," Swift said. Prosecutors argued that Salman came up with Mateen's cover story the night of the attack and that he put her name on bank accounts before the shootings. The FBI said that proves that he knew he was going to die, and so did she. Prosecutors also said the couple spent $30,000 between June 1-11, almost Mateen's yearly salary. "That apparently is the government's theory, that a special ed student who they could get to confess after 18 hours was actually a brilliant mastermind," Swift said. Documents filed by Salman’s defense team said she was an “unwilling passenger” during the one time she and Mateen went on a scouting trip to the nightclub. Prosecutors said Salman helped Mateen case Pulse, then went to CityPlace in West Palm Beach on June 6 and to Downtown Disney on June 8. Raw: Attorneys for Noor Salman discuss mental evaluation The documents said they were traveling home from babysitting a relative’s children when Mateen chose to drive to Orlando. Salman said she didn’t know that he was buying bullets during a trip to Walmart for anything other than his security guard job, according to the documents. Her attorneys said Salman was an abused woman who stayed with her husband only because he threatened to kill her and take her son away. Linda Moreno, Salman's defense attorney, called the case against her client thin and based on speculation. "We were surprised at the presentation of the government's case," she said. "We frankly expected more." One positive outcome of Wednesday's hearing was that the prosecution admitted that Salman was not dangerous, Moreno said. "When the government was asked directly by the judge if they have any specific evidence that Noor Salman posed a threat to the community, thankfully they said no, because there is no evidence," Moreno said. — Shannon Butler (@SButlerWFTV) February 1, 2017 Feds: noor salman came up with Omar matters cover story. #WFTV — Shannon Butler (@SButlerWFTV) February 1, 2017 Noor salman's team of attorney's have arrived. #wftv pic.twitter.com/vn96OZqiBW — Shannon Butler (@SButlerWFTV) February 1, 2017 © 2017 Cox Media Group. © 2017 Cox Media Group. Twtter Attorney: Prosecutors have 'no evidence' wife of Pulse gunman is dangerous 9 Investigates: Local church offering 'legal' ayahuasca Activists face backlash after announcing Friday's Black Lives Matter… Vietnam vet waiting for justice after attack by Howard Middle School… Broadway's ‘Hamilton' coming to Orlando's Dr. Phillips Center News Local News National/World News Video Traffic WFTV Weather Weather LIVE: Doppler 9 HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WFTV EEOC Statement WFTV Public File WRDQ Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Final Cut Pro Diary: A video novice takes the step up from iMovie Trending in Apple How to turn the 2016 MacBook Pro into a Windows gaming machine using the compact Akitio Thunder3 + GTX 1050 Ti [Video] Trending in Apple Smart Home Diary: Getting started with HomeKit Trending in Apple What’s next for iOS? We break down rumored Siri updates, Dark/Theatre Modes, AR features & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: An Apple display with built-in eGPU could be a smart move right now Trending in Apple Hands-on: Turbo charge your MacBook Pro graphics performance with the Akitio Node eGPU over Thunderbolt 3 [Video] February 1 AAPL: 128.75 7.40 9to5Toys Last Call: LG 34-inch Widescreen Monitor $549, Sony Bluetooth Headphones $45, Pad & Quill Accessory Sale, more Trevor Daugherty - Feb. 1st 2017 9:30 am PT @trevorjd14 Deals View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: Review: The Mobvoi Ticwatch 2 is one of the few great entry-level smartwatches left, and it’s on sale right now Great for students or kids: Apple refurb 21-inch iMac 1.6GHz/8GB/1TB $839 (Orig. $1,099) This fan-made Mega Man 2.5D game adds a whole new perspective to the Blue Bomber Jollylook is the Polaroid instant camera for vintage-enthusiasts Free PS Plus Games for February: LittleBigPlanet3, Not a Hero, Starwhal, TorqueL, and more Spigen Power Accessories for your Smartphone 33% off: 3350mAH Power Bank $8, more Hoover’s best-selling WindTunnel 3 Pet Bagless Upright Vacuum is down to $97 Logitech’s new Spotlight Remote brings Apple design-cues to a presentation near you Own these Disney classics in digital HD for as little as $5: Honey I Shrunk the Kids, more Airbus is building an incredible flying electric taxi and we’re freaking out [Video] Comixology Digital Comics for Free: Wolverine, Winter Soldier, & more Marvel favorites Get in the Cloud with this QNAP mini 4-bay Diskless NAS for $365 shipped (Reg $529) Green Deals: BLACK+DECKER 16-inch Cordless 40V Electric Lawn Mower $250 shipped, more Daily Deals: LG 34-inch IPS LED Monitor w/ USB Hub $549, Onkyo 7.2-Ch Receiver + $50 Newegg Gift Card $349, more Sony’s affordable Bluetooth Wireless Headphones have solid ratings, back at all-time low of $45 shipped (Reg. $70+) Pad & Quill 20% off all leather/linen iPad gear: Author Series Case $81, Valet Leather iPad Pro Bag $113, more Take nearly $200 off Apple’s 13-inch MacBook Pro 512GB w/ Touch Bar: $1,800 shipped (Reg. $1,999) One (incredibly) lucky 9to5Toys reader will get a chance to own this NES Classic Zelda Edition Console Bundle for free! Secret of Mana goes 50% off: the iOS version of the SNES classic is now just $4 (Reg. $8) App Store Free App of the Week: Water Minder Hydration Reminder app goes free (Reg. $3) The unique image manipulation app Bazaart goes free on iOS for the first time in years (Reg. $5) The Pixelmator image editor for iOS is now matching its all-time low at $1 (Reg. $5) RollerCoaster Tycoon 3 drops to its lowest price ever on the App Store: $2 (Reg. $5) Review: Fabriq is a tiny (and affordable) AirPlay speaker with Amazon’s Alexa Voice Service [Video] MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: This All-in-One Canon PIXMA Photo Inkjet Printer w/ AirPrint is only $35 shipped (Reg. $50) Jabra Sport Pulse Bluetooth Headset with Built-In Heart Rate Monitor $65 (Reg. $108), more Add the complete series to your collection: The Office $46 or Parks and Rec $27 Pioneer’s Andrew Jones Bookshelf Speakers are on sale for Prime members: $90(Reg. $130) Games/Apps: The Last Guardian gets its first price drop from $32, GTA V $30, freebies, more Kindle First eBook freebies for February: Signature Wounds, Only the Truth, Extracted, and more! Amazon has the unlocked BLU VIVO 5R Android Smartphone w/ a 5.5″ Display & 4G LTE at $150 The HAMMERHEAD 4V Rechargeable Screwdriver & 9-Pc. Bit Kit is on sale for $20 Prime shipped MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Timbuk2 Sale – take up to 60% off our favorite styles: MacBook Messenger Bags, Backpacks, Luggage and more! Jaybird’s popular X3 Bluetooth Sport Earbuds drop to $97.50 shipped, an all-time low (Reg. $130) Aukey FM Transmitter Radio Car Kit $7 Takeya Pitcher at its all-time low today: $11.50 Mr. Coffee 12-Cup Programmable Coffee Brewer $35 DJI’s Phantom 3 Advanced Drone: $539 Walmart is now offering free 2-day shipping Parrot’s AR. 2.0 Quadricopter Drone $170  SkyBell Wi-Fi 1080p video doorbell $149 (Reg. $199) Xbox One Elite Wireless Controller (refurb.): $90 The Edwin The Duck kids’ toy for iOS: $40 (Reg. $50) Rachio 16-Zone Smart Sprinkler Controller $204.50, more LEGO Sets: The Batman Movie Joker Lowrider $27, more VIZIO’s 55-inch 4K Smart Ultra HDTV for $999 Gift Cards up to 20% off: Old Navy, Gap, and more Display w/ USB ports: HP 32-inch $300, more Save an extra 20% off any Nike clearance items VUDU offers one free movie rental Contigo AUTOSEAL Transit Travel Mug for under $14 6-months of the Washington Post free as a Prime member RTIC SoftPak cooler bags starting from $70 Get a free large 1-topping pizza at Papa Johns Bon Appetit magazine with digital iPad access for $4 4-pack Philips Daylight LED Light Bulbs $8, more Juiceman Citrus Juicer w/ Two Cones for just $20 (Reg. up to $29) Free HD Movie Rental at Vudu Get two-day delivery w/ Google Express, free six month trial LEGO Building Kits: Batman Movie The Joker $35, more Farberware 2.5L Air Fryer for just $39 Harmon Kardon’s 5.1-Ch Surround Sound System for just $160 Google Play Music + Youtube Red Free Unlimited for 4-months Get a FedEx printable in-store coupon for $5 off a $15 or more 10-Pack of highly-rated 16-Ounce Pub Glasses for just $12 AmazonBasics 14-Piece Knife Block Set at $19 NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Vespa’s creator set to unveil futuristic two-wheeled autonomous rolling backpack Raybaby keeps an eye on your baby and even monitors breathing without wires or straps LEGO Life is an Instagram-like social network for kids to share builds TwelveSouth’s new MagicBridge desk accessory for your Apple Keyboard and Magic Trackpad 2 The man behind the original Hoverboard returns with a new electric two-wheeler DIYers and Raspberry Pi enthusiasts have to see this walnut work bench with a hidden display The Rollcap 4K Action Camera w/ built-in 3-axis image stabilizer promises smooth video Oceanhorn 2 for iOS is being developed on Unreal Engine 4, check out these gorgeous screens RBI Baseball 17 is on its way for iOS, Android, Playstation 4 and Xbox One The Rosetta Wearable Disk has over 1,000 different languages stored on it Ricoh’s new Pentax KP DSLR is weatherproof for the outdoorsy photographer Editors Keys launches Logic/Final Cut/Adobe shortcut keyboard covers Amazon launches new STEM Club Subscription Service that delivers toys each month T-Mobile is handing out a free year of Hulu streaming to former AT&T customers Guides Deals View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
null
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Feb 03, 4:06 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Amazon U.S. Jobs: Ecommerce Company Intends To Build $1.5 Billion Air Cargo Hub By AJ Dellinger On 02/01/17 AT 11:46 AM Close Amazon may dream of one day creating floating warehouses, but on Tuesday the ecommerce giant announced a slightly more practical plan for air travel. According to a report from the Wall Street Journal, Amazon is investing $1.5 billion to build an air cargo hub to expand its transportation capabilities. The massive expenditure will be located at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport in Hebron, Ky. The hub, which will occupy about two million square feet, will reportedly create around 2,000 jobs—marking a small step toward the company’s promise to create 100,000 new jobs in the United States by 2018. The decision to build an air hub of its own will lessen Amazon’s reliance on traditional carriers like UPS and FedEx—both of which operate not far from Amazon’s planned hub, with the largest UPS hub located in Louisville, Ky. and FedEx’s in Memphis, Tenn. Amazon will share the Cincinnati airport with delivery company DHL, which also has a hub there. Building the air cargo hub will give Amazon a base of operation for its growing airborne fleet. Last year the company began leasing planes to create an air cargo network. It planned to have a total of 40 cargo planes, though the Wall Street Journal reports just 16 are currently a part of the company’s fleet. Those planes have operated under the name Amazon Prime Air and have been given an Amazon-themed paint job on their exteriors. Related Stories Walmart Gets Rid of Amazon Prime Rival ShippingPass, Offers Two-Day Shipping Amazon Announces 100,000 New U.S. Jobs, Trump Quickly Takes Credit Amazon’s continued expansion of its transportation network seem to spell out an intention to haul and deliver packages to customers itself. In addition to its planes, Amazon has bought more than 4,000 truck trailers. In addition to expanding its fleet for moving massive cargo loads across the country, the company has also put an emphasis on getting packages to their purchaser. Last year it was revealed Amazon was working on an app that would help connect courier drivers with packages in need of delivery. And of course, the company still has its heart set on completing deliveries with unmanned drones —a goal it has inched closer to after completing its first ever drone delivery in the United Kingdom. Even with its massive expansion, Amazon has a way to go before it catches up with the biggest players in transit; UPS employs more than 100,000 people in its nearby Louisville base alone and has more than 500 planes in its worldwide fleet. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Retailers, Manufacturers On Opposite Sides Of Proposed Import Tax New York Fed President William Dudley has warned a proposed tax on imports from Mexico and other countries could have "unintended consequences." Technology Apple Inches Closer To Manufacturing iPhones in India? Apple is in talks with the Indian government for setting up manufacturing units in the Indian city of Bengaluru, reports said. World Prince Harry, Meghan Markle Hold Hands On Cute Date According to reports, the two are taking their relationship seriously as the prince introduced his girlfriend to some of the royal family members. National Pentagon Panel Advises Trump Administration To Develop Tactical Nukes The recommendations, which advocate for developing weapons that could provide a “tailored nuclear option for limited use,” are part of a report by the Defense Science Board. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
   Home     About BusinessWorld     Jobs     Advertise     Subscribe     Contact Us     February 03, 2017 | MANILA, PHILIPPINES Home Top Stories Finance Corporate Economy Nation Stock Market World Arts & Leisure Sports Opinion Infographics Weekender High Life Forum BW University Research Video RSS Downloads Bworldonline.com Weekender Opinion By Leonid Bershidsky The treacherous path for companies after DeleteUber Posted on February 02, 2017 THE UBER BOYCOTT sparked by the company’s refusal to join an anti-Trump strike poses a question many US businesses will have to answer: Do they openly stand with those of their customers who abhor the president’s policies or does it make more business sense for them to stay neutral? The #DeleteUber movement appears to be something of a disaster for the ride-hailing company in the US. After Uber failed to join a taxi drivers’ strike in New York against Trump’s entry ban for citizens of seven Muslim-dominated countries, users began deleting the app and encouraging others to do so on social media. Its main competitor Lyft then leapfrogged into first place in terms of downloads, becoming one of the most popular apps in the country. This followed Chief Executive Travis Kalanick tweeting that the travel ban is “against everything Uber stands for” while vowing to “use his position” on a Trump advisory council to “stand up for what’s right.” In the view of many of Uber’s tech-savvy, urban customers, that was not enough. Say what you will about corporate social responsibility, it’s not necessarily smart for a chief executive to make a political stand. A company’s primary responsibility is to its shareholders, so protesting the actions of a president -- especially a thin-skinned one like Trump, who likes to meddle in corporations’ business decisions -- may be counterproductive. Essentially, US businesses now face the same dilemma Russian companies faced when President Vladimir Putin began increasing the government’s role in the economy and rolling back civil liberties. Everyone who went publicly against the autocratic flow was squeezed out of business in Russia. The cases of media magnate Vladimir Gusinsky, oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky, retail whiz Yevgeni Chichvarkin are commonly known examples. Other Russian capitalists, who grew rich in the freer era before Putin, decided against tempting fate and toed the party line. For many US tech executives, the choice is more complicated. Russia’s general public was never particularly politicized, so it easily accepted Putin’s contract -- relative prosperity and security in exchange for less freedom. Many US tech companies prize the same urban, educated clientele that backed Hillary Clinton and strongly oppose Trump. Apple, Microsoft, Twitter, and Netflix decided to stand with these customers -- and with many of their employees. Companies outside Silicon Valley, however, didn’t jump on the bandwagon. There was no angry statement from McDonald’s or Walmart, which employ plenty of Muslims. Their management clearly saw no benefit in sticking its neck out on a matter as incendiary as Trump’s border policy. No one is boycotting them. In a 2013 paper on anticipating, preventing and surviving secondary boycotts -- those in which a firm is punished for action that didn’t directly damage the protesters -- Judith Schrempf and her collaborators from the University of Richmond suggested that a company’s managers keep a list of issues that might cause a boycott and attempt to work out where the company should stand on those issues. Clearly, the Trump agenda is full of boycott-inducing issues, and a conscientious executive ought to go through the list and make some preemptive decisions. Kalanick’s mistake was not identifying Trump’s entry ban and the drivers’ strike as a business-critical issue early enough. But perhaps making strong statements concerning Trump’s divisive policies to stop the boycott is also a mistake -- a Russian entrepreneur would immediately see why. While boycotts are perhaps easier to organize than they used to be, what with social network pressure and the ease of deleting an app from a phone, the storm will likely blow over. On the other hand, voicing opposition to Trump could provoke lasting damage. Take Microsoft, which has come out strongly against Trump’s entry ban by aiding a lawsuit to overturn it filed by Washington State’s attorney general. It has just sold $17 billion worth of bonds to pay dividends and repurchase shares -- despite sitting on $123 billion in cash. Almost all of it sits in Microsoft’s foreign subsidiaries to avoid paying US taxes upon repatriation. Trump could move to force Microsoft, Apple, and other tech companies to repatriate offshore cash on unfavorable terms, probably with broad public support behind him. The president could also wage war on the likes of Uber and Lyft, making them comply with labor market and taxi licensing laws. The same taxi drivers who rallied against his immigration policy would cheer him on. That the tech firms are unafraid of inviting retribution shows they’ve lived in a permissive political climate for too long. If Trump is at all like Putin, he will counterattack and the firms will either bend to his will -- as most did in Russia -- or face serious costs. Then, the majority of big US companies that decided against making loud political statements will quietly congratulate themselves on their foresight. BLOOMBERG E-mail | Print |     From / email :     To :     E-mail (required) :     Message :     Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.    MORE STORIES From The Anchor’s Chair -- Quintin V. Pastrana: "Drug Race" Trade Tripper -- Jemy Gatdula: "To enter a foreign country is not a right but defending one’s country is" Vantage Point -- Luis V. Teodoro: "Mamasapano: Turning a disaster into an opportunity" Beyond Brushstrokes -- Maria Victoria Rufino: "Business and the arts" My Cup Of Liberty -- Bienvenido S. Oplas, Jr.: "Should we go federal or not?" The View From Taft -- Marissa C. Marasigan: "Living and loving with Alzheimer’s" Fence Sitter -- A. R. Samson: "Can you introduce yourself?" The treacherous path for companies after DeleteUber Thinking Beyond Politics -- Victor Andres C. Manhit: "Interpreting Filipinos’ sentiments on foreign countries" Ad Lib -- Greg B. Macabenta: "Beware of the Trump card"    MOST READ    MOST E-MAILED 1. Economic and Corporate Events Calendar 2. Legal battle looms as gov’t shuts mines 3. Singapore Airlines eyes 5th flight from Manila 4. Why DoubleDragon’s stock surged 2,500% since market debut 5. Stocks decline as miners reel from DENR order 1. Economic and Corporate Events Calendar 2. Why DoubleDragon’s stock surged 2,500% since market debut 3. James vs Barkley 4. Phinma focuses on retail electricity supply business 5. Top 20 call centers by gross revenue © 2016 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation. All rights reserved. Read our privacy guidelines.    Home     About BusinessWorld     Wired     Jobs     Advertise     Subscribe     Contact Us     Site Map    
menu Sections Friday, February 3, 2017 search Today's Paper insert_drive_file Close   INQUIRER.NET NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION POP ESPORTS BANDERA CDN PBA MOTIONCARS INQSHOP MY INQUIRER ADVERTISE menu search NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION opinion / Columnists share this Like It Is Who will trump Trump? (1) By: Peter Wallace - @inquirerdotnet Philippine Daily Inquirer / 12:24 AM February 02, 2017 Everyone and his dog seem to be writing about US President Donald Trump. And frankly, I doubt anyone really knows what on earth this man will do. But here’s a few of my thoughts. The risk for the Philippines is if Trump follows through on his isolationist/protectionist rhetoric. He’s already doing that. On Day 2 he took America out of the TPP (Trans-Pacific Partnership), which would have opened 12 markets to one another in a way that would move this part of the world into an exciting, faster-growth future, where America would have a lead role and most would benefit. America’s withdrawal could mean the end of the TPP, or at least its emasculation, until a new US president comes along. It will be marginalized without America, and America will be marginalized in Asia. Barack Obama’s “pivot to Asia” will be no more. It encourages China’s ascendancy in Asia, and as an adjunct, the China-inspired RCEP (Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership) will only further accelerate. ADVERTISEMENT America is being sidelined in Asia by a man who has no idea what he’s doing. He wants to make America great again. This will do the reverse. Already an isolationist move was his executive order to temporarily ban entry to nationals of seven Muslim-majority countries. Big business is in an uproar against it. The courts have issued the US equivalent of a temporary restraining order. His ban on Syrian refugees is as heartless as one can get. It’s from a man with no compassion. He seems completely unaware that America grew to greatness from immigrants and refugees. Let more little boys be washed ashore dead. The Trump presidency seems almost certain to result in more restrictive visa and immigration approvals. The Philippines was issued the second most number of visas at 235,200 (9 percent) in 2015. Filipinos are also the second largest immigrant/ethnic population in America at 3.4 million in 2013. Illegal immigrants risk deportation, but it will take time; legal residents should have no problem. But racist sentiment seems to have been generated by his diatribes. Another risk is to the BPO/call center business if Trump really wants jobs back in America and tries to force it. And several senators and labor unions are supporting him. But he can’t. US workers earn $18-$20 per hour, and Filipinos $1.7-$2 an hour. No businessman will go back to paying 9-10 times the wage level where wages are a high percentage of costs. The lobbying from business will be intense. And Trump, coming from business, will have to understand that. He has to back down. Anyway, how could he enforce it? He’d need a law, and the majority Congress won’t be willing to earn the ire of their (financial) supporters for reelection. There may be a slowing of the growth rate, but not by much. It’s the same with other industries. If he imposes, say, 35-percent duty on Chinese goods, the buyers in Walmart, who get 90 percent of their goods from China, will be out in the streets in even more massive numbers than now. Markets are too dependent on each other today, too open for any dictatorial imposition to work. The market will trump Trump. But indications are that he may well try. He seems unaware of the globalization of things today. Take cars: He wants them manufactured in America. Well, long gone are the days when a vehicle was a simple piece of machinery made in one factory. Today it’s a plethora of products that come from all over the world, and then get assembled. That assembly he equates to manufacture. It’s not; it’s only a fraction of the total cost and process today. And will Americans willingly pay a few thousand more bucks for their SUVs assembled at higher cost in their country? While America appears to be the largest source of remittances from overseas Filipino workers—$2.5 billion (9 percent) in 2014, for example—the data come from banks and cannot be disaggregated by country of origin. A large portion of those funds may not have come from Filipinos in America but from Filipinos in the Middle East and other countries using US banks to remit funds to the Philippines. Hence, a slowdown in the Middle East economies may have a more significant impact on OFW remittances than restrictions on Filipinos working in America. Concluded next week E-mail: wallace_likeitis@wbf.ph. Read my previous columns: www.wallacebusinessforum.com. TAGS: America, Donald Trump, Muslim ban, opinion, TPP, Trump, US For feedback, complaints, or inquiries, contact us. INQUIRER.net Follow @inquirerdotnet TRENDING newsinfo Duterte annoyed with youngest son Baste for not seeing kids February 2, 2017 newsinfo P300 per kilometer?! Cabbie charging ‘kilo-kilo’ fare nabbed February 3, 2017 entertainment WATCH: ‘Eat Bulaga’ comedian’s catwalk ignites internet February 3, 2017 newsinfo 4 NBI execs in Korean’s slay sacked February 3, 2017 globalnation State Department: Filipinos ‘welcome’ in US as PH not part of Trump travel ban February 2, 2017 Disclaimer: Comments do not represent the views of INQUIRER.net. We reserve the right to exclude comments which are inconsistent with our editorial standards. FULL DISCLAIMER share this The Inquirer Channels News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Business Opinion Global Nation Services Sitemap Mobile RSS Email Us Archive Contact Us Advertise News Letter Job Openings The Inquirer Company About INQUIRER.net About the INQUIRER User Agreement Link Policy Privacy Policy Article Index Partners Hinge Inquirer Bandera Cebu Daily News DZIQ990 AM Motion Cars PBA PesoPay IIDM © Copyright 1997-2016 INQUIRER.net | All Rights Reserved
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Retirement•Hiring Freeze•First 100 Days•TSP•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts U.S. News Home » The Associated Press » U.S. News » Judge orders mental exam… Judge orders mental exam for widow of club shooter By PAUL ELIAS February 1, 2017 8:08 pm 2 min read Share OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — A federal judge in California declined Wednesday to release the widow of the man who killed dozens of people at a Florida nightclub after prosecutors said she accompanied her husband on scouting trips for potential targets that included a Disney shopping complex. U.S. Magistrate Judge Donna Ryu in Oakland said she wanted a psychiatric evaluation done of Noor Salman before deciding whether to release her from jail pending a trial on charges of supporting her husband’s attack and then lying to investigators about it. Salmon, 31, has pleaded not guilty. Federal authorities arrested Salman last month at her mother’s home in suburban San Francisco, where Salman moved with her 4-year-old son after her husband Omar Mateen killed 49 people and wounded 53 others on June 12 at the Pulse nightclub. Hiring freeze result of Trump team's review of federal agencies Mateen pledged allegiance to several terror organizations during the attack before police shot and killed him. Advertisement Federal prosecutor Sara Sweeney divulged some details of the allegations for the first time while arguing against the release of Salman. Sweeney said Mateen asked Salman whether attacking the Disney site would have a bigger impact than attacking a nightclub. In addition to accompanying her husband on scouting trips, Salman watched him leave their apartment with a gun and a backpack full of ammunition on the night of the shooting, Sweeney said. Authorities say Salman initially said she didn’t know anything about the attack but later told investigators Mateen abused steroids, was “pumped up” on the night of the attack, and said “this is the one day” as he walked out the door, Sweeney said in court. “I knew when he left he was going to commit the attack,” Sweeney said Salman told investigators. Sweeney also said the couple ran up $25,000 in credit card debt and spent $5,000 in cash in the days before the shooting. Among the purchases was an $8,000 diamond ring for Salman. In addition, Mateen and Salman made her the death beneficiary of his bank account. Salman’s attorney Charles Swift said outside court that Salman made those statements without a lawyer present during an 18-hour interrogation immediately after the attack. He said he hasn’t yet received a transcript or recording of Salman’s interrogation to determine the context of her statements and accuracy of the allegations. Swift also pointed out that Mateen was a security guard and left the couple’s home hundreds of times with a gun and ammunition. Swift argued that prosecutors were charging Salman with the crimes of her husband. Mateen physically abused Salman, he said, and never told her about his plans to carry out the killings. It was the first time Salman’s legal team heard details of the allegations as well. “We frankly expected more,” attorney Linda Moreno said outside court. Salman’s mother and uncle have pledged to put up their homes as collateral to secure her release from jail pending trial. Federal prosecutors are seeking to transfer Salman to Florida to face the charges that could bring a sentence of life in prison. Topics: U.S. News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » U.S. News » Judge orders mental exam… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1848: Treaty extends US borders to Pacific Ocean Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Fed Photo of the Day A Sailor practices proper freefall technique during military freefall training. A daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Recommended Pentagon orders 16 specific exemptions to federal hiring freeze Top Story OMB lists agencies exempted by Trump hiring freeze Hiring/Retention DoD makes first moves to implement new military retirement system Defense OPM’s cleared up some IT rough spots, but encryption still unfinished OPM Security clearance reciprocity rate at 86 percent governmentwide Exclusive Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments70+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Wonkbloganalysis Wall Street believes a myth about Donald Trump’s presidency. It will face a rude awakening. The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Matt O'Brien By Matt O'Brien February 1 Follow @ObsoleteDogma (Michael Nagle/Bloomberg) The market can remain irrational longer than you can explain that President Donald Trump is going to have a hard time keeping his economic promises. It's not quite as catchy, but it's probably what John Maynard Keynes would have to say about the Dow's run-up in response to the election if he were around today. Indeed, as Bloomberg's Matt Levine points out, markets seem intent on taking Trump's inflammatory proposals seriously but not literally — that is, hoping he'll stick to tax cuts and infrastructure — at the same time that he is literally doing what they seriously don't want him to. This is a close cousin of “alternative facts.” It's selective ones. The question, then, is how long Trump's, I guess, fourth honeymoon will last if markets figure out that there's a little more to governing than just tweeting. Now, there's a long list of things markets don't like, but somewhere on it are building a wall along the Mexican border, banning refugees from Muslim countries and threatening to start a trade war. All of them signal, in political, economic or moral terms, that the United States will no longer underwrite the liberal international order that has helped make the world so rich the past 70 years. Which, to say the least, are not the priorities Wall Street was hoping for. They thought this was all just campaign rhetoric that, like Trump's pledge to “drain the swamp,” was meant to win friends at the polls but not influence people making policy. After all, Trump had gone from bashing bankers before Nov. 8 to turning his cabinet into a Goldman Sachs reunion after it. Didn't that show that Trump's promises to the big banks were more equal than his promises to everybody else? Well, maybe not. It's not just that Trump has backed up his tough talk about trade and immigration like Wall Street hoped he wouldn't. It's that he might have a tough time cutting taxes and boosting spending like they hoped he would. Take corporate tax reform. It might seem like a sure thing that a Republican White House, Senate and House of Representatives would be able to agree on this, but it's a lot less so when their plan might actually increase taxes for retailers like Walmart. That's because it would start taxing imports so that it could stop taxing profits quite so much. Economists, of course, say that this would make the dollar rise enough that imports would be less expensive and the tax on them wouldn't be an increase for anyone, but CEOs aren't willing to bet their bonuses on it. Wall Street shouldn't either. There aren't many examples of political parties potentially raising taxes on some of their donors to pay for tax cuts for some of their others. It's the same story with infrastructure. Trump's ideological consigliere Steve Bannon wants a trillion-dollar infrastructure package that would be “as exciting as the 1930s,” but the rest of the Republican Party isn't too enthused about this. They'd rather focus on the things they've been waiting years to do, like repealing Obamacare and slashing the safety net and coming to terms on some tax cut for the rich. The Democrats, for their part, want to rebuild our roads and bridges, but they don't want to do it the way Bannon does. They'd rather have the government spend the money directly on what it thinks the most important projects are than give private companies tax breaks to do what it thinks the most profitable ones are. In other words, all the stimulus the market thought would help the economy in the short-term might not materialize, but all the isolationism that would hurt it in the long-term is already starting to. Sad. business wonkblog true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 70+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Matt O'Brien is a reporter for Wonkblog covering economic affairs. He was previously a senior associate editor at The Atlantic. Follow @ObsoleteDogma TOP STORIES Trump warns Israel: New settlements ‘may not help’ achieve Middle East peace The White House’s pushback on new or expanded settlements in the West Bank signals that the new administration will seek some continuity with past presidents, and it came after Trump named a strong proponent of settlements as his ambassador to Israel. By Abby Phillip and Karen DeYoung 7 hours ago Trump calls signal new transactional approach to allies and neighbors Two key GOP senators softened their stance on Obamacare Sens. Orrin Hatch and Lamar Alexander said they are open to repairing the health law ahead of a wholesale repeal as Republicans try to clarify their approach to an issue they’ve targeted for eight years. By Kelsey Snell and Mike DeBonis 8 hours ago Obama’s team worked for months on a Syria plan. Trump’s team swiftly tossed it. To the Trump administration, President Obama’s plan to take Raqqa from ISIS was so risk-averse that it was almost certain to fail. “We found huge gaps in it,” a Trump official said. “It was poor staff work.” By Adam Entous, Greg Jaffe and Missy Ryan 9 hours ago White House says deadly Yemen raid was long planned. Not true, says an Obama official. (Ilana Panich-Linsman for The Post) Austin has become the first battleground in the fight over ‘sanctuary cities’ In a liberal enclave in the heart of conservative Texas, a county sheriff joins the local resistance to Trump immigration policies. By Abigail Hauslohner 10 hours ago White House considering religious-freedom action allowing Americans to opt out of federal regulations The proposed executive order would offer wide latitude in denying services, employment and other benefits on the basis of religious beliefs. White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Trump had no immediate plans to issue a directive. By Juliet Eilperin and Sandhya Somashekhar 13 hours ago ‘Bowling Green massacre’ cited by Trump adviser never happened The Fix: Why so many leaks? Here are two theories. Tech opposition to Trump’s travel ban escalates 73 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Tech industry opposition to Trump travel ban escalates 2 Why the White House seems a little jealous of Germany 3 The mysterious saga of whether Trump planned to leave Washington and visit Harley-Davidson 4 Survey: Only a quarter of Trump voters believe in human-caused climate change 5 Facing backlash, Utah Rep. Jason Chaffetz withdraws bill to transfer federal land to the states Market Watch DJIA -0.03% NASDAQ -0.11% Get quote Last Update: 02/03/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business wonkblog Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Print   Email   Font Resize Community News Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- Feb. 1 - Feb. 5 Posted:   02/01/2017 08:11:32 AM MST Today, Feb. 1 Council on Aging — 9:15 a.m., Heritage Center. SilverSneakers Yoga — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Toddle Time Story Time — 10:30 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Ages 18 months to 36 months, with an adult. Council on Aging Appreciation Luncheon — 11:30 a.m., Heritage Center. Rotary Club — Noon, Northeastern Junior College, Tennant Art Gallery inside Hays Student Center. Shelly Greenwood, "Sterling homeless and cooperating ministries." Walking Wednesday — 12:05 and 5:15 p.m., Columbine Park. Cards and Pool — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. Ladies Encampment Auxiliary No. 37 — 2 p.m., IOOF Hall. Iliff Triangle AA Group — 6 p.m., Iliff Trading Post, 315 Railroad Ave., Iliff. Rides available by calling Kathy at 522-5006 or can be arranged with other members. Thursday, Feb. 2 Circle of Grandparents Group — 9:30 to 10:30 a.m., Family Resource Center. Includes free child care. SilverSneakers Classic — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Coffee and Colors — 10 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Advertisement Under the Umbrella LCC Meal — 5:30 to 6:30 p.m., Zion Congregational Church, 432 Chestnut St. Anyone in need of a meal is welcome. Clean Slate Recovery Group — 6:30 to 7:30 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Open to anyone struggling with addiction. Information: Christie Orozco 970-526-6500, 970-520-2939 or csrecovery1028@gmail.com, Facebook or Twitter. Sterling Camera Club — 7 p.m., Heritage Center. Sweet Adelines — 7 p.m., Sterling High School choir room. For ladies who love to sing. Centennial State Chorus — 7 p.m., Christ United Methodist Church. For men who love to sing. Elks Bingo — 7 p.m., Elks Club. Open to the public. Friday, Feb. 3 Qi Gong — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. First Friday @ First Presbyterian — 12:05 to 12:35 p.m., First Presbyterian Church, 130 S. 4th St. Singer-guitarist Ed Lininger. Musical presentation, free and open to the public. Cards and Pool — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. VFW Bingo — 7 p.m., public invited. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 7 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Saturday, Feb. 4 Recycling Collection — 8 to 11 a.m., southeast corner of Walmart parking lot. Collection includes: Plastic #1, plastic #2 natural (milk cartons), plastic #2 colored (detergent bottles, shampoo, etc.) and both aluminum and tin cans. No glass. Light of the Plains Christian Motorcycle Association — 9 a.m., Logan County Chamber of Commerce, 109 N. Front St. Family Fun Saturday — 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., Overland Trail Museum. Groundhog Day Mania! Crafts, facts, snacks and fun. Narcotics Anonymous — 1:30 p.m., First Christian Church. Information: 970-520-1474. Showing of "Woodlawn" Movie — 6:30 p.m., Berean Church, 12527 County Road 37. Admission: Free will offering to benefit youth missions. Heritage Center Dance Group — 6:30 to 10 p.m. FM Country, Cost is $7. Everyone is welcome. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 9 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Sunday, Feb. 5 Zion Congregational Church Soup Kitchen — 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m., 5th Street and Chestnut. Come to the back door and down the stairs. Free. Meals served to anyone who is hungry and in need of a hot meal. Super Bowl Party — 1 p.m., Sterling Elks Lodge. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED Peetz National Honor Society welcomes five members Courtesy photoOn Wednesday, Feb. 1, Peetz High School held a National Honor Society induction ceremony. Virginia Splichal, the PHS NHS adviser, stated, "This is an important milestone for the outstanding students inducted today.   Full Story   MORE RELATED HEADLINES IRS addresses tax season myths Need assistance making a lifestyle change?   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 5 Dividend Stocks to Buy in February A number of high-yielding brand-name dividend stocks are on the sales rack. Sean Williams, Neha Chamaria, Steve Symington, Jamal Carnette, and Brian Feroldi (TMFUltraLong) Feb 1, 2017 at 9:09AM Image source: Getty Images. Dividend stocks often form the foundation of a great retirement portfolio. Dividend-paying companies usually have time-tested and profitable business models that act as beacons to attract income-seeking investors. Dividends can also help hedge against inevitable stock market corrections, as well as give you the opportunity to start a dividend reinvestment plan, or DRIP. DRIPs are a commonly used tool of money managers to build long-term wealth for their clients.  Unfortunately, not all dividend stocks are created equally. A falling stock price can boost a dividend yield but mask underlying problems, while other dividend stocks don't generate a worthwhile enough payout for income seekers.  With this in mind, we asked five of our Foolish contributors to name one dividend stock they believed could be worth buying in February. Rising to the top of the pack were a number of large brand-name companies: Macy's (NYSE:M), Consolidated Edison (NYSE:ED), Novo Nordisk (NYSE:NVO), Altria (NYSE:MO), McDonald's (NYSE:MCD).  A high-yield stock on the clearance rack Sean Williams (Macy's): One high-yield dividend stock that's had a miserable go of things over the trailing-12-month period is department store giant Macy's. Macy's stock has fallen 24% over the trailing year as foot traffic into Macy's brick-and-mortar stores continues to decline, which is a direct result of the lower-cost and more convenient e-commerce shopping model. But, counting out Macy's after a bad year wouldn't be a smart move. Image source: Mike Mozart, Flickr. To begin with, Macy's is facing the facts and cutting a number of underperforming stores. After announcing a same-store sales decline of 2.1% during November and December, Macy's said it would be cutting about 10,000 jobs and closing 68 stores. These 68 stores are part of Macy's originally announced plan to close about 100 stores. Though the restructuring costs could be unpleasant for a few quarters, Macy's will be considerably leaner and have fewer expenses, allowing it to reinvest in its top-performing stores and to invest in digital marketing. That brings me to the next point, digital marketing. Macy's actually wound up generating double-digit annual sales growth from both macys.com and bloomingdales.com during 2016, meaning its investments into e-commerce and mobile marketing should pay off in the years to come. Don't expect this transition to happen overnight, but also don't be surprised if by 2019 and 2020, Macy's growth engine has been completely reignited. The final point is that Macy's looks to be attractive from a fundamental perspective. Macy's has been valued at an average of 7.9 times its cash flow per share over the past five years, but it's currently being valued at less than five times its future cash flow per share. Furthermore, it also has a forward P/E under 10. Patient income seekers could collect 5% annually while banking on a Macy's turnaround, which is why it's my dividend stock to consider buying in February. This utility dividend stock's 8% drop offers a good entry point Neha Chamaria (Consolidated Edison): When a stock that has rewarded investors with dividend increases for 42 straight years and offers 3.8% yield drops about 8%, you know it's time to pay attention. Consolidated Edison stock has been under pressure for about six months now, offering income investors the perfect opportunity to scoop up some shares while they're still weak. Since demand for electricity and gas doesn't ebb and flow with the economy, Con Ed's business is insulated from wild swings. Today, Con Ed serves ten million customers in New York City and Westchester County. Moreover, the utility industry is highly regulated, and Con Ed's rates decoupled, which means the company knows in advance how much revenues it will generate. This "regulated" aspect of its business is largely why the company has been able to grow its earnings consistently and return them as higher dividends to shareholders year after year.  ED Dividend data by YCharts. That dividend streak is unlikely to be broken unless we learn how to live without electricity and gas. While it enjoys stable revenues, Con Ed has strong plans in the pipeline to strengthen its network, expand its footprint, and tap non-utility avenues to boost income going forward. Some of its plans include ongoing investment of billions of dollars into renewable energy sources such as solar and wind and targeted $8.3 billion in replacement expenditures to upgrade its core network over the next two decades. I believe these investments should bolster Con Ed's position in the industry and expand its bottom line further, enabling the company to pay out higher dividends for years to come. Given the dividend growth potential and decent yield, this could be a good time for income investors to buy Con Ed. The top-dog in diabetes is on sale Brian Feroldi (Novo Nordisk): Diabetes is a chronic disease that affects more than 400 million people around the world. Sadly, this number continues to creep higher every year, which is why current estimates call for more than 600 million people to be diagnosed by 2040.  Given that backdrop, you'd think shares of Novo Nordisk would be constantly hitting new highs. However, Novo's share price has been slammed over the past six months, falling by more than 38% from its summertime highs. That has pushed its dividend yield up to nearly 4%. NVO data by YCharts. Why have shares imploded? Novo said it's dealing with pricing pressure from insurers in the U.S. That has forced the company to give pricing concessions in exchange for continued reimbursement access. As a result, management made the unpopular decision to drop its long-term operating profit growth target from 10% down to 5%. While I'm not thrilled with the guidance cut, investors should remember that Novo remains highly profitable and is still the top dog in this disease state. In addition, newer drugs like Victoza, Tresiba, and Ryzodeg are growing rapidly, which is helping to offset the weakness in its legacy insulin sales. While the company's near-term growth prospects are a bit murky, I think it's a safe bet to assume this company will remain a leader in this indication for decades to come. With shares currently trading at a big discount, I think it's a great time for income investors to give this company's stock a closer look. This tobacco giant's shareholders would benefit from a Trump tax cut Jamal Carnette, CFA: (Altria): After initial exuberance about President Trump's proposed policies pushed the Dow Jones Industrial Average to an eyelash within 20,000, the stock market has taken a short pause as many participants appear to be less bullish of his policies. Specifically, the proposed "border adjustment" tax has been decried by retailers and apparel manufacturers like Dow components like Nike and Walmart. One area of consistency in Trump's tax plans, though, has been a broad-based rate cut from 35% to 15%-20%. Cutting the top rate also has agreement from the GOP-led House and Senate, and even some buy-in from Democrats. Image source: Getty Images. While the tax-rate cut may not advantage all companies because of their effective rates being lower than 20%, Altria's effective rate is approximately 35%. Altria appears to be a true winner from lower statutory rates. Fortunately for income-hungry shareholders, Altria has a policy of returning 80% of its adjusted earnings per share in dividends. The end effect of a corporate tax cut for Altria shareholders should be an instant dividend boost for a company already yielding 3.5%. However, investors should not buy Altria simply for governmental action -- the company has done quite well in its absence...and even in spite of it. As Wharton professor Jeremy Siegel noted in 2015, Altria has been the best-performing stock since 1968, averaging an annualized return of approximately 21% per year, including dividends. During this period, though, the smoking rate dropped from approximately 40% to 17%, thanks in part to the government's aggressive "war on smoking" campaign. If Altria can perform in that environment, long-term dividend investors should be comfortable owning the name. Serving up 41 years of dividend growth Steve Symington (McDonald's): Shares of McDonald's are up around 9% over the past three months, thanks in part to its excellent third-quarter results in October. But as the stock pulled back slightly following its fourth-quarter results on Jan. 23, 2017, McDonald's is now trading roughly even over the past year.  Image source: McDonald's. More specifically, McDonald's just achieved its sixth straight quarter of positive comparable sales, with global comps climbing 2.7% driven by positive results in its international lead, high growth, and foundational segments. But fourth-quarter comps also fell 1.3% in the U.S., albeit against a tough comparison with its wildly successful launch of all-day breakfast in the same year-ago period. Going forward, McDonald's should benefit from its ongoing plan to refranchise more than 4,000 locations by the end of 2018, which should serve to boost profitability by reducing general and administrative costs by a whopping $500 million. Meanwhile, McDonald's also raised its dividend by 6% starting in the fourth quarter, marking 41 consecutive years of increased payouts and further cementing its enviable status as a dividend aristocrat. For investors who buy now and let the power of compounding do its work in the coming years, I think this temporary lull represents a great opportunity for patient investors to open or add to their positions. Brian Feroldi owns shares of Nike. Jamal Carnette, Neha Chamaria, Sean Williams, and Steve Symington have no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Nike. It also recommends Novo Nordisk. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Sean Williams, Neha Chamaria, Steve Symington, Jamal Carnette, and Brian Feroldi (TMFUltraLong) A Fool since 2010, and a graduate from UC San Diego with a B.A. in Economics, Sean specializes in the healthcare sector and investment planning. You'll often find him writing about Obamacare, marijuana, drug and device development, Social Security, taxes, retirement issues and general macroeconomic topics of interest. Follow @TMFUltraLong Article Info Feb 1, 2017 at 9:09AM Consumer Goods Stocks McDonald's NYSE:MCD $123.22 up $0.80 (0.65%) Altria Group NYSE:MO $71.45 up $0.06 (0.08%) Macy's NYSE:M $30.72 up $1.51 (5.17%) Novo Nordisk NYSE:NVO $33.48 down $-3.21 (-8.75%) Consolidated Edison NYSE:ED $74.47 up $1.14 (1.55%) Read More Altria Stock History: How the Tobacco Giant Became the Most Successful Stock Ever 3 Reasons Altria Group Inc. Stock Could Fall McDonald's Stock Split: Will 2017 Bring a Split for the Golden Arches? What to Expect From Big Tobacco In 2017 Altria Group Inc.'s Biggest Win in 2016 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 5 Dividend Stocks to Buy in February @themotleyfool #stocks $MCD, $MO, $M, $NVO, $ED
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 5 Dividend Stocks to Buy in February A number of high-yielding brand-name dividend stocks are on the sales rack. Sean Williams, Neha Chamaria, Steve Symington, Jamal Carnette, and Brian Feroldi (TMFUltraLong) Feb 1, 2017 at 9:09AM Image source: Getty Images. Dividend stocks often form the foundation of a great retirement portfolio. Dividend-paying companies usually have time-tested and profitable business models that act as beacons to attract income-seeking investors. Dividends can also help hedge against inevitable stock market corrections, as well as give you the opportunity to start a dividend reinvestment plan, or DRIP. DRIPs are a commonly used tool of money managers to build long-term wealth for their clients.  Unfortunately, not all dividend stocks are created equally. A falling stock price can boost a dividend yield but mask underlying problems, while other dividend stocks don't generate a worthwhile enough payout for income seekers.  With this in mind, we asked five of our Foolish contributors to name one dividend stock they believed could be worth buying in February. Rising to the top of the pack were a number of large brand-name companies: Macy's (NYSE:M), Consolidated Edison (NYSE:ED), Novo Nordisk (NYSE:NVO), Altria (NYSE:MO), McDonald's (NYSE:MCD).  A high-yield stock on the clearance rack Sean Williams (Macy's): One high-yield dividend stock that's had a miserable go of things over the trailing-12-month period is department store giant Macy's. Macy's stock has fallen 24% over the trailing year as foot traffic into Macy's brick-and-mortar stores continues to decline, which is a direct result of the lower-cost and more convenient e-commerce shopping model. But, counting out Macy's after a bad year wouldn't be a smart move. Image source: Mike Mozart, Flickr. To begin with, Macy's is facing the facts and cutting a number of underperforming stores. After announcing a same-store sales decline of 2.1% during November and December, Macy's said it would be cutting about 10,000 jobs and closing 68 stores. These 68 stores are part of Macy's originally announced plan to close about 100 stores. Though the restructuring costs could be unpleasant for a few quarters, Macy's will be considerably leaner and have fewer expenses, allowing it to reinvest in its top-performing stores and to invest in digital marketing. That brings me to the next point, digital marketing. Macy's actually wound up generating double-digit annual sales growth from both macys.com and bloomingdales.com during 2016, meaning its investments into e-commerce and mobile marketing should pay off in the years to come. Don't expect this transition to happen overnight, but also don't be surprised if by 2019 and 2020, Macy's growth engine has been completely reignited. The final point is that Macy's looks to be attractive from a fundamental perspective. Macy's has been valued at an average of 7.9 times its cash flow per share over the past five years, but it's currently being valued at less than five times its future cash flow per share. Furthermore, it also has a forward P/E under 10. Patient income seekers could collect 5% annually while banking on a Macy's turnaround, which is why it's my dividend stock to consider buying in February. This utility dividend stock's 8% drop offers a good entry point Neha Chamaria (Consolidated Edison): When a stock that has rewarded investors with dividend increases for 42 straight years and offers 3.8% yield drops about 8%, you know it's time to pay attention. Consolidated Edison stock has been under pressure for about six months now, offering income investors the perfect opportunity to scoop up some shares while they're still weak. Since demand for electricity and gas doesn't ebb and flow with the economy, Con Ed's business is insulated from wild swings. Today, Con Ed serves ten million customers in New York City and Westchester County. Moreover, the utility industry is highly regulated, and Con Ed's rates decoupled, which means the company knows in advance how much revenues it will generate. This "regulated" aspect of its business is largely why the company has been able to grow its earnings consistently and return them as higher dividends to shareholders year after year.  ED Dividend data by YCharts. That dividend streak is unlikely to be broken unless we learn how to live without electricity and gas. While it enjoys stable revenues, Con Ed has strong plans in the pipeline to strengthen its network, expand its footprint, and tap non-utility avenues to boost income going forward. Some of its plans include ongoing investment of billions of dollars into renewable energy sources such as solar and wind and targeted $8.3 billion in replacement expenditures to upgrade its core network over the next two decades. I believe these investments should bolster Con Ed's position in the industry and expand its bottom line further, enabling the company to pay out higher dividends for years to come. Given the dividend growth potential and decent yield, this could be a good time for income investors to buy Con Ed. The top-dog in diabetes is on sale Brian Feroldi (Novo Nordisk): Diabetes is a chronic disease that affects more than 400 million people around the world. Sadly, this number continues to creep higher every year, which is why current estimates call for more than 600 million people to be diagnosed by 2040.  Given that backdrop, you'd think shares of Novo Nordisk would be constantly hitting new highs. However, Novo's share price has been slammed over the past six months, falling by more than 38% from its summertime highs. That has pushed its dividend yield up to nearly 4%. NVO data by YCharts. Why have shares imploded? Novo said it's dealing with pricing pressure from insurers in the U.S. That has forced the company to give pricing concessions in exchange for continued reimbursement access. As a result, management made the unpopular decision to drop its long-term operating profit growth target from 10% down to 5%. While I'm not thrilled with the guidance cut, investors should remember that Novo remains highly profitable and is still the top dog in this disease state. In addition, newer drugs like Victoza, Tresiba, and Ryzodeg are growing rapidly, which is helping to offset the weakness in its legacy insulin sales. While the company's near-term growth prospects are a bit murky, I think it's a safe bet to assume this company will remain a leader in this indication for decades to come. With shares currently trading at a big discount, I think it's a great time for income investors to give this company's stock a closer look. This tobacco giant's shareholders would benefit from a Trump tax cut Jamal Carnette, CFA: (Altria): After initial exuberance about President Trump's proposed policies pushed the Dow Jones Industrial Average to an eyelash within 20,000, the stock market has taken a short pause as many participants appear to be less bullish of his policies. Specifically, the proposed "border adjustment" tax has been decried by retailers and apparel manufacturers like Dow components like Nike and Walmart. One area of consistency in Trump's tax plans, though, has been a broad-based rate cut from 35% to 15%-20%. Cutting the top rate also has agreement from the GOP-led House and Senate, and even some buy-in from Democrats. Image source: Getty Images. While the tax-rate cut may not advantage all companies because of their effective rates being lower than 20%, Altria's effective rate is approximately 35%. Altria appears to be a true winner from lower statutory rates. Fortunately for income-hungry shareholders, Altria has a policy of returning 80% of its adjusted earnings per share in dividends. The end effect of a corporate tax cut for Altria shareholders should be an instant dividend boost for a company already yielding 3.5%. However, investors should not buy Altria simply for governmental action -- the company has done quite well in its absence...and even in spite of it. As Wharton professor Jeremy Siegel noted in 2015, Altria has been the best-performing stock since 1968, averaging an annualized return of approximately 21% per year, including dividends. During this period, though, the smoking rate dropped from approximately 40% to 17%, thanks in part to the government's aggressive "war on smoking" campaign. If Altria can perform in that environment, long-term dividend investors should be comfortable owning the name. Serving up 41 years of dividend growth Steve Symington (McDonald's): Shares of McDonald's are up around 9% over the past three months, thanks in part to its excellent third-quarter results in October. But as the stock pulled back slightly following its fourth-quarter results on Jan. 23, 2017, McDonald's is now trading roughly even over the past year.  Image source: McDonald's. More specifically, McDonald's just achieved its sixth straight quarter of positive comparable sales, with global comps climbing 2.7% driven by positive results in its international lead, high growth, and foundational segments. But fourth-quarter comps also fell 1.3% in the U.S., albeit against a tough comparison with its wildly successful launch of all-day breakfast in the same year-ago period. Going forward, McDonald's should benefit from its ongoing plan to refranchise more than 4,000 locations by the end of 2018, which should serve to boost profitability by reducing general and administrative costs by a whopping $500 million. Meanwhile, McDonald's also raised its dividend by 6% starting in the fourth quarter, marking 41 consecutive years of increased payouts and further cementing its enviable status as a dividend aristocrat. For investors who buy now and let the power of compounding do its work in the coming years, I think this temporary lull represents a great opportunity for patient investors to open or add to their positions. Brian Feroldi owns shares of Nike. Jamal Carnette, Neha Chamaria, Sean Williams, and Steve Symington have no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Nike. It also recommends Novo Nordisk. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Sean Williams, Neha Chamaria, Steve Symington, Jamal Carnette, and Brian Feroldi (TMFUltraLong) A Fool since 2010, and a graduate from UC San Diego with a B.A. in Economics, Sean specializes in the healthcare sector and investment planning. You'll often find him writing about Obamacare, marijuana, drug and device development, Social Security, taxes, retirement issues and general macroeconomic topics of interest. Follow @TMFUltraLong Article Info Feb 1, 2017 at 9:09AM Consumer Goods Stocks McDonald's NYSE:MCD $123.22 up $0.80 (0.65%) Altria Group NYSE:MO $71.45 up $0.06 (0.08%) Macy's NYSE:M $30.72 up $1.51 (5.17%) Novo Nordisk NYSE:NVO $33.48 down $-3.21 (-8.75%) Consolidated Edison NYSE:ED $74.47 up $1.14 (1.55%) Read More Altria Stock History: How the Tobacco Giant Became the Most Successful Stock Ever 3 Reasons Altria Group Inc. Stock Could Fall McDonald's Stock Split: Will 2017 Bring a Split for the Golden Arches? What to Expect From Big Tobacco In 2017 Altria Group Inc.'s Biggest Win in 2016 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 5 Dividend Stocks to Buy in February @themotleyfool #stocks $MCD, $MO, $M, $NVO, $ED
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Ken Morrison, Grocer’s Son Who Led Supermarket Chain, Dies at 85 by Paul Jarvis More stories by Paul Jarvis and Sam Chambers @SamChambersDMC More stories by Sam Chambers February 1, 2017, 7:34 AM EST Longtime leader was ‘driving force’ for half-century: Chairman Morrison expanded retailer beyond its Yorkshire roots Ken Morrison, who turned his father’s local grocery store into Britain’s fourth-biggest supermarket chain, has died. He was 85. The longtime former leader of Wm Morrison Supermarkets Plc died peacefully at his home in Yorkshire, northern England after a short illness, his family said in a statement to the U.K. Press Association Wednesday. The operator of more than 500 stores confirmed his death separately. Ken Morrison Photographer: Ian Nicholson/PA Wire vi AP Photos “He was an inspirational leader and the driving force behind Morrisons for over half a century,” Morrison Chairman Andrew Higginson said in a statement. “Although he retired several years ago, his legacy is evident every day and in every aspect of our business.” Morrison, who as a schoolboy would check eggs on the market stall of the family provisions business, formally joined his father’s company after finishing army national service in Germany in 1952. He held a variety of positions at the Morrisons chain, including managing director from 1956 until 1997, and as chairman until he retired and became life president in 2008. The Bradford, England based company’s $6.2 billion purchase of southern competitor Safeway Plc in 2004 led to five reductions in profit forecasts and its first-ever loss. Market Stall While he refrained from commenting on the running of the business in latter years, Morrison criticized management in 2012 for “neglecting the core business” by remodeling its stores and introducing in-store butchers, cheese counters, and produce presented in wooden crates and baskets. In an interview with the Daily Telegraph in 2000, Morrison said running supermarkets was easy: “It’s just taking money off people, and giving them something in return.” Kenneth Duncan Morrison was born on Oct. 20, 1931 in Bradford, Yorkshire, the only son of Hilda and William Morrison, who already had five daughters. His father had started a small grocery business from a market stall in 1899. When ill health forced William to retire in the mid-50s, he handed control of the company to his only son. “I had no formal education for anything,” Ken Morrison told the Telegraph. “I learnt my craft at the dining room table with my dad talking about things.” In 1961, Morrison opened the first in what has grown to a chain of more than 500 supermarkets across Britain. The company went public in 1967 with a share offer that was 174 times over-subscribed, according to the company’s website. Over the next 25 years, Morrison expanded the business beyond its Yorkshire roots, opening new distribution centers and introducing fresh food production. In 2003, Morrison bought Hayes, southern England-based Safeway, to become a national chain and compete with Tesco Plc and Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s Asda. The purchase tripled the size of the Morrisons chain. Relinquishing Control When it announced the Safeway purchase, the company forecast higher profit in two years. But it had to spend 50 percent more than planned to remodel each Safeway store to its own format. It shut depots and fired workers in a move to cut costs and reduce overcapacity after the acquisition. In June 2006, Morrison announced that he would relinquish executive control of the company, making way for the appointment of Marc Bolland as chief executive officer. “It was a difficult decision to retire, but you have to go at some time,” Morrison said in an interview at the company’s annual meeting that year. “I would still buy Safeway again, but there are some things I would have done differently.” In a tribute when announcing Morrison would become life president, the company said his “wholehearted devotion and strength of purpose over five decades have taken Morrisons from modest beginnings, to national household name. A creator and builder with great passion and flair, his contribution to retailing has been invaluable and we owe him a great debt of gratitude for his life’s work.” Morrison, who was knighted in 2000 for services to the food-retailing industry, was married three times and had five children. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Twitter Bursts Throw Decades-Old Alliances Into Chaos Who Will Pay for San Francisco's Tilting, Sinking Millennium Tower? America’s Top Prosecutor Defied Trump and Got Fired. Now She Gets Paid Trump Slams ‘Dumb Deal’ With Ally Australia After Testy Call Nordstrom Says It’s Cutting Ivanka Trump Brand Due to Poor Sales Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Activision Blizzard creates consumer products division Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology News | Wed Feb 1, 2017 | 9:04am EST Activision Blizzard creates consumer products division Visitors look at a presentation at the ActiVision Blizzard exhibition stand during the Gamescom 2013 fair in Cologne August 21, 2013. REUTERS/Ina Fassbender Activision Blizzard Inc said on Wednesday it was creating a consumer products division to tap into the popularity of its videogame franchises, including "Call of Duty", "Overwatch" and "World of Warcraft". Tim Kilpin, a former top executive at Mattel Inc and Walt Disney Co, will head the new consumer unit as chief executive and president, the company said. Activision has been looking for new revenue streams, including setting up a film studio and an e-sports division. The company said Kilpin would lead the division's development of consumer products based on its videogame franchises. "It's going to be about the opportunity to grow this business more quickly, to be more aggressive about how we bring this business across," Kilpin told Reuters. "That's how I'm approaching this at the outset." Activision already collects royalties from products such as toys, collectibles and apparel, and partners with retailers such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Target Corp and GameStop Corp. Kilpin most recently served as Mattel's president and chief commercial officer, where he directed the toymaker's global sales and marketing operations. He also oversaw the launch of Mattel's "Monster High" dolls, the company's first new intellectual property in more than 30 years, that has raked in more than $5.6 billion in global retail sales in five years. (Reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) Next In Technology News Amazon sees lower operating profit this quarter, shares dip Amazon.com Inc forecast an unexpected dip in operating profit for the current quarter, sending shares down more than 4 percent due to concerns about the costs of investments including new warehouses and video content. Japan's robotics startup ZMP Inc hopes to list in coming months: CEO TOKYO Japanese robotics startup ZMP Inc hopes to list on the Tokyo Stock Exchange in the coming months, after a delay late last year due to client information being leaked on to the internet, the firm's founder and CEO told Reuters on Friday. Japan's Sharp raises forecast after first quarterly profit in over two years TOKYO Sharp Corp lifted its full-year profit guidance after posting its first quarterly net profit in over two years as the Japanese liquid crystal display (LCD) maker pressed ahead with cost-cutting measures under the ownership of Taiwan's Foxconn. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Pictures of the month Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Flathead Beacon Kalispell -12°F -24°C Few Clouds FOLLOW Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn YouTube Tumblr RSS Feed SECTIONS News & Features Sports Outdoors Arts & Entertainment Opinion Photos Events Marketplace Prev Next Chaos, Panic And Other Delights By Mark Riffey // Feb 1, 2017 // Business Is Personal, Opinion Share Share Tweet Print Email Years ago when the photo software company first started, it was not all butterflies and rainbows. Quite the opposite. Day one was full-on chaos. On Friday, the check was delivered and a jointly-written email (and written letter) from the old owner and I went out to every client. On Saturday, the code assets arrived. On Monday, reality arrived with a vengeance, along with a few hundred new-to-me (and annoyed) clients. Instead of day one of a software company being a blank page full of “OK, what do we want to do and where do we start?”, day one was about the phone ringing off the hook. Most of the people calling eventually told me they were glad that someone took it over, but that was well after an awful lot of rescuing people (and their businesses) from the software equivalent of a burning building. While I didn’t create the situation, that didn’t matter. My purchase of that software meant that I also bought the chaos and inherited the responsibility (if not the blame) for it. Without question, this is the worst kind of multi-tasking (as if there is a good kind). As a whole, my newly acquired clients looked more or less like this: Everyone panicking. Everyone worried about being able to take care of their clients. Everyone wanting a solution as soon as possible. Immediately would be OK too, of course, but most of them were surprisingly reasonable and patient (thankfully). I “inherited” it all via the purchase, so I clearly asked for it. Over the next few months, it took daily (or multiple daily) releases of software to bring all of that chaos to a halt. Back then, one (or five) releases a day seemed like such a big deal. Today, web-based software that runs companies like Uber and Etsy deploy thousands of changes per day. That isn’t why I bring up this story. The chaos is. Chaos management If you’ve ever been in a situation like this, you know that it’s easy to panic. To this day, I am not sure why I didn’t – other than having been in the software business for 15+ years at that point. Despite having been responsible for plenty of high value, high pressure systems prior to that, I always had others to help out if I needed them. This time, I didn’t. Sometimes you want something bad enough that you might even forget to panic. Maybe that’s what it was. I don’t say this to humblebrag. I mention it because I’ve taken part in numerous situations where other people were involved and I want you to think about the impact of this sort of chaos on your customer-facing staff members. Business owners might find it easy to shrug off the panic and take the chaos in stride. You may have dealt with experiences that allow you to juggle all of this and handle it without freaking out. Where you have to be careful: your staff. If they’ve never been in this kind of situation, it’s on you to make sure they get the support they need and the guidance that helps them deal with the customer service equivalent of Black Friday at Wal-Mart. If you haven’t dealt with this before, there’s a simple strategy that’s easy to forget when the overwhelm hits: One at a time. That’s it. While it’s simple and obvious, if your team doesn’t get a calming influence and “one at a time” (or something) from their leadership (whether it’s you or one of your managers), they could panic. They could shutdown. They could unintentionally say or do something damaging to your relationship with the client. Responsibility for handling and communicating all of this is on you (and your managers). Your team needs your backing and guidance – and preferably know this in advance. They need to know that they can escalate to you or a manager if things get bad. Obvious (again), but it’s easy to forget these things if you’ve been out of the trenches for a while. As for clients, I suggest this list as a starting point to reduce panic on the other end of the phone: Communicate early and often. Make sure clients know you understand the situation’s urgency and severity. Deliver incremental progress. Don’t wait for perfect. How your team handles recovery from a mistake is often more important than the mistake. Want to learn more about Mark or ask him to write about a strategic, operations or marketing problem? See Mark’s site, contact him on Twitter, or email him at mriffey@flatheadbeacon.com. Show Comments Share Share Tweet Print Email Prev Next More From The Beacon Montana Releases Strategy to Detect, Contain and Control Invasive Mussels Bill to Ban Foreign Laws in Montana Courts Advances in Senate Stillwater Christian’s Tradition Runs Deep MASTHEAD Newsroom EMAIL news@flatheadbeacon.com PHONE 406.257.9220 TWITTER @flatheadbeacon Follow Kellyn Brown Editor In Chief EMAIL editor@flatheadbeacon.com PHONE 406.407.9539 TWITTER @kellynjbrown Follow Myers Reece Contributing Editor EMAIL mreece@flatheadbeacon.com Greg Lindstrom Media Director EMAIL greg@flatheadbeacon.com PHONE 406.407.9541 TWITTER @gl_photo Follow Tristan Scott Senior Writer EMAIL tscott@flatheadbeacon.com PHONE 406.407.9540 TWITTER @tristanscott Follow Molly Priddy Staff Writer EMAIL mpriddy@flatheadbeacon.com PHONE 406.407.9542 TWITTER @FB_mollypriddy Follow Dillon Tabish Staff Writer EMAIL dtabish@flatheadbeacon.com PHONE 406.407.9543 TWITTER @djtabish Follow Justin Franz Staff Writer EMAIL jfranz@flatheadbeacon.com PHONE 406.407.9544 TWITTER @jfranz88 Follow Clare Menzel Staff Writer EMAIL clare@flatheadbeacon.com PHONE 406.407.9545 TWITTER @claremenzel Follow News & Features Sports Outdoors Arts & Entertainment Opinion Photos Events About Us Marketplace Advertise Subscribe Advertiser Tear Sheets Email & RSS Feeds Contact Us © 2017 Flathead Beacon, All Rights Reserved. Use of this site is subject to the Flathead Beacon's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Flathead Beacon 17 Main Street Kalispell Montana 59901 USA (406) 257-9220
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Activision Blizzard creates consumer products division By Reuters Published: 09:01 EST, 1 February 2017 | Updated: 09:01 EST, 1 February 2017 e-mail Feb 1 (Reuters) - Activision Blizzard Inc said on Wednesday it was creating a consumer products division to tap into the popularity of its videogame franchises, including "Call of Duty", "Overwatch" and "World of Warcraft". Tim Kilpin, a former top executive at Mattel Inc and Walt Disney Co, will head the new consumer unit as chief executive and president, the company said. Activision has been looking for new revenue streams, including setting up a film studio and an e-sports division. The company said Kilpin would lead the division's development of consumer products based on its videogame franchises. "It's going to be about the opportunity to grow this business more quickly, to be more aggressive about how we bring this business across," Kilpin told Reuters. "That's how I'm approaching this at the outset." Activision already collects royalties from products such as toys, collectibles and apparel, and partners with retailers such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Target Corp and GameStop Corp. Kilpin most recently served as Mattel's president and chief commercial officer, where he directed the toymaker's global sales and marketing operations. He also oversaw the launch of Mattel's "Monster High" dolls, the company's first new intellectual property in more than 30 years, that has raked in more than $5.6 billion in global retail sales in five years. (Reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She is devastated': Kylie Minogue 'ends engagement to Joshua Sasse following suspicions about his relationship with an actress' George and Amal Clooney step out for a romantic dinner in Spain amid pregnancy rumours Ocean's Eleven star, 55, took his wife on a date Emily Ratajkowski flaunts her incredible curves and enviable abs in boho floral bikini as she smoulders in stunning new beach shoot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Worse for wear David Beckham gallantly holds car door for Poppy Delevingne as they party together on her husband's birthday eve 'The cancer has gone, we are very happy': Michael Bublé's son Noah, 3, 'is recovering' from liver cancer after heartbreaking battle  Good news for singer Guest biogs, drones photographing from above and banquet feasting: 2017's HOTTEST wedding trends SPONSORED Swimming with turtles, lounging on the beach and catch ups over wine with the girls: Meet the jet setting, yoga loving beauty getting close to Kylie's man 'Miss this face every day': Wayne Rooney posts heartfelt Instagram tribute to Coleen's late sister Rosie on her birthday... five years after death PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Amber Rose showcases her famous buxom curves in orange bikini as she chills out in Honolulu Beach babe  That's a slippery slope! The Jump's Spencer Matthews 'caught up in love triangle with co-stars Vogue Williams and Jade Jones' On thin ice Angelina Jolie shares teaser of Netflix passion project she directed based on Cambodian genocide memoir Her Netflix passion project  Janet Jackson, 50, joins newborn son Eissa as he gets a visit from grandma Katherine, aunt Rebbie and uncle Randy Family fun She's got some front! Braless Dakota Johnson stuns in VERY plunging dress at Fifty Shades Darker premiere Exquisite No supporting act! Rita Ora steals the show at Fifty Shades Darker premiere in revealing dress...after being mocked for cameo role Dubbed her big break Where's the rest of it? Singer Halsey risks wardrobe malfunction with VERY revealing dress at Fifty Shades Darker premiere Left her cleavage bare Keeping mum! Rosie Huntington-Whiteley continues to spark pregnancy rumours as she protectively covers her tummy in LA Covered up What a drag! Scott Disick shares a suspicious-looking cigarette on his hotel balcony with a female friend  Smokin' (hot) women Kim Kardashian puts on eye-popping display in sheer tank as she steps out with sister Kourtney for dinner in Costa Rica Turning heads Getting hearts pumping! Mariah Carey hits the gym in cleavage-baring lingerie and HEELS She also needed her fishnet stockings  'I've not had a bum enlargement!' Comedian Katherine Ryan reveals shocking photo of her bare bottom covered in bruises is a FAKE Cheeky Red hot! Ashley James sizzles in flesh-flaunting mini dress as she showcases her ample cleavage and toned pins out in London Scarlet siren 'THICK!': Kylie Jenner shows off voluptuous figure in her own brand's yellow tracksuit Looking to make big inroads in the apparel market Christine Bleakley reveals retired footballer husband Frank Lampard has been 'in talks' to embark on acting career in Hollywood Scott Disick cosies up to a gaggle of women during trip to Miami after he professes love for on-off girlfriend Kourtney Kardashian Ladies man Make-up free Charlotte McKinney ditches the glamour as she steps out in sweats for casual day of shopping in West Hollywood Casual yet chic  Priorities in order! Heidi Klum reveals her panties as she pulls trousers down to her knees for a quick sunbathing session She's a cheeky one David Beckham opts for sunglasses and a low-key ensemble as he jets out of LAX... hours after partying with Poppy Delevingne Good night Love Island's Olivia Buckland looks effortlessly chic in a white leather jacket as she cuddles up to fiancé Alex Bowen That's a Lottie leg! Model Moss flashes her toned pins in thigh-skimming skirt as she makes an entrance at friend's birthday party Kate's little sister  Solange Knowles performs at free Super Bowl concert in Houston... just one day after sister Beyonce revealed she's pregnant with twins Meghan Markle has 'virtually moved in' with Prince Harry reveal friends of the actress as the pair enjoy a dinner date in London  'To the next level' 'Stop reaching!' Kylie Jenner, 19, calls fans 'f***** idiots' for claiming she wanted to make her waxwork's skin color darker than it really is Lambasted fans Handsome model David Gandy cuts a dapper figure in a dark camel coat as he steps out for lavish cocktail party Looking dapper  After the dramatic bus crash, life in Walford was (unfortunately) back to 'normal' in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley Anti-climatic Great guns! Chris Hemsworth's MASSIVE bulging bicep once again takes centre stage as fan tries to get in a selfie with star Australian actor 'I love you too dude': Kristen Stewart hypes Saturday Night Live hosting debut with Leslie Jones In a series of promotional clips for the NBC comedy PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Home sweet home! Neighbours welcome the Obamas back to their $4.3 million new D.C. home after their luxury break Kim Kardashian shows some leg in thigh-high lace-up boots as she steps out in NYC after meeting with French authorities for a second day in a row Blonde bombshell! Kim Basinger is back and how... as she wows on the red carpet in low-cut black gown at premiere of Fifty Shades Darker A part in erotic trilogy Miley Cyrus' sister Noah wears sheer dress to Fifty Shades Darker premiere in Los Angeles Make Me (Cry) songstress decided to show off her own flair Ferne McCann flashes her abs in a crop top as she films herself having non-surgical liposuction on her stomach after bum lift Back at it  'Not sure if I have the same confidence': Coco Austin shares throwback pic from racy car calendar shoot The 37-year-old shared a racy throwback pic Juliette Lewis shows off her svelte frame in skinny jeans with a khaki coat and hat while catching flight at LAX The actress cut a casual figure in skintight denim Blue jean baby! Paris Jackson wears crop top and denims with frayed cuffs as she enjoys a concert night out in LA Spotted leaving James Arthur's LA concert  Keri Russell wears minimal makeup as she steps out in skinny jeans and ankle boots while on the move in New York city Natural beauty Bundled up beauty! Zoe Kravitz dons blue duster coat with trousers and a heavy navy scarf while holding hands with boyfriend Karl Glusman She doesn't look a day older! Elle Macpherson, 52, shares a sweet throwback bikini photo of herself at the beach with her two sons in 2005 She's ripped! Kourtney Kardashian wears torn jeans and biker jacket as she takes daughter Penelope to Beverly Hills gallery Just back from holiday America's Next Top Model judge Tyson Beckford pulls GUN on process server outside his Miami apartment  A look back at Minogue's ill-fated relationships including her failed 'engagement' to Olivier Martinez as she 'splits from fiancé Joshua Sasse' ' 'She always wanted kids and I never did': Dannii Minogue spoke about her sister Kylie's, 48, hopes for a baby earlier this year Ended engagement Beyonce the work of art: Queen Bey's pregnancy photo series echoes famous paintings featuring Venus and the Virgin Mary Lena Dunham sports aggressive pink eyeshadow as she teams up with Girls cast at premiere of final season Heavy make-up Can't make up your mind? Allison Williams wears trousers AND a dress at premiere of Girls final season That's how you make an entrance... and an exit Leslie Mann looks smitten with Judd Apatow at Girls premiere... after revealing argument with daughters over 'inappropriate' snaps Leggy display! Erin McNaught flaunts her trim pins and flashes white lace bra in a thigh-skimming denim frock as she enjoys a pamper session 'She's the vilest woman I've ever met in my life': CBB's Coleen Nolan rants about Kim Woodburn as Nicola McLean vows to 'never to see her again'  'Prep with my man': Ellen Pompeo brings newborn son Eli to work as she gets ready for directorial debut on Grey's Anatomy Behind the scenes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Georgia May Jagger and Grumpy Cat make it a date: Party team up for party in Germany to celebrate calendars  Is she fur real? Selma Blair wears red coat reminiscent of bath robe with animal hair trim around Los Angeles Looked like a very cosy cover up Part of the squad! Kelsea Ballerini says pal Taylor Swift taught her how to deal with fame as she covers Billboard magazine 'I'm really disappointed to be out!' Vogue Williams forced to QUIT The Jump just days before anticipated launch after suffering serious knee injury Babies, let's get in Formation! Beyonce 'set to perform at this year's Grammy Awards' after revealing she's pregnant with twins No slowing down That's quite the pregnancy album! Beyonce displays her baby bump in underwater video after announcing she's having twins Red hot! Emma Roberts shows off her new fiery colored hair as she leaves the salon in Hollywood Sporting freshly coloured tresses 'Call your senator': Amy Schumer continues anti-Trump activism by urging fans to oppose 'unqualified' Education Secretary pick Betsy DeVos 'I'm a sex goddess!' Teen Holly Willoughby, 18, grabs her assets as she makes saucy profession in sizzling throwback lingerie ad 'You have to bite the bullet': Kristen Stewart admits she is dreading her SNL hosting debut on Saturday Even if vampires don't make her flinch Khloe Kardashian helps Lauren lose 50 pounds and reconnect with her dead father on E! reality show Revenge Body With a celebrity trainer Making waves! Karlie Kloss sports curly locks and monochrome mini dress  during high fashion Vogue photo shoot at Sydney's Bondi Beach Lena Dunham admits she crossed 'boundaries of professionalism' as she reveals she once 'made out' with a Girls guest star  James Corden jokes about being the lowest paid late night talk show host on television... ahead of Grammys hosting gig But he's hit the big time... 'I've had some really bad hairstyles': Shane Warne reveals style disasters as ex-cricketer celebrates 10 years as an Advanced Hair Studio ambassador Borne this way! Lady Gaga gets police escort to NRG Stadium in Houston as she rehearses for Super Bowl Halftime Show  She's all fired up 'Yo I made it!' Rihanna steps out in biker chic ensemble... after celebrating Mariah Carey wearing her Fenty heels to the GYM Dressed in all black In bed with Hilary Duff! Star shows off her legs while wearing only panties and a T-shirt on Instagram A long way from being a self-conscious teen Is this the end of underwear? Why stars are forgoing bras and pants on the red carpet (and why they believe it makes them look more CLASSY) Victoria's Secret stars Jasmine Tookes, Martha Hunt and Taylor Hill bring the heat to Miami with sizzling bikini photo shoot Trio of Angels  Lily-Rose Depp goes on spending spree at Chanel in Beverly Hills... amid reports of dad Johnny's ongoing financial woes Karl Lagerfeld's muse Make-up free Julia Roberts, 49, looks bright as she goes shopping for interior decor with daughter Hazel in Malibu Had a stylish wintry get-up Just like mom! Rumer Willis stars in Gap campaign paying homage to mother Demi Moore and her 1990 ad Just like her famous mother Demi Kate Moss, 43, goes completely naked for W magazine as she joins Jennifer Lopez, Jessica Chastain, Taraji P Henson and Donatella Versace Quite the treat! Sara Gilbert has mother-son date with Rhodes at Jessica's Biel's pricey Au Fudge restaurant in Los Angeles Spoiling her little boy  A look at Shanina Shaik and fiancé DJ Ruckus' $100,000-a-month Miami rental property with incredible waterfront views and a heated swimming pool  Miranda gets her dream role in Annie: Actress in final negotiations to play Miss Hannigan when musical moves into the Piccadilly Theatre  'F*** you Price is Right!': Aaron Paul aims for game show redemption with the help of James Corden 17 years after walking away a loser A gloomy affair is saved by the belle: The Glass Menagerie is glum but Cherry Jones gives a fine turn, writes QUENTIN LETTS   SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Who silenced royal rebel Lady Amelia? Duke of Kent's granddaughter deletes her Instagram account  Upbeat Elbow go out on a limb: Little Fictions is a slow-burning blockbuster, writes ADRIAN THRILLS  JAN MOIR: Apple Tree Yard and a brutally real portrait of a wife in crisis  It caused controversy and divided opinion Coco Austin puts on a busty display as she steps out with baby Chanel... as Ice T proudly reveals his daughter has inherited his 'mean mug' Focused on family: Bethenny Frankel spends some quality time time with daughter Bryn after nasty drama with her ex Family first Making a dog's dinner of it! CBB's Jedward and Bianca Gascoigne try not to gag as they're forced to eat unsavoury 'mystery can' Not good enough to eat Tallia Storm flaunts her tanned and toned legs in a sequinned silver mini dress and chunky black ankle boots at fashion party Leggy lady Making them green with envy! Camilla dazzles in a velvet gown as she brings some glamour to the British Asian Trust dinner in London  'If there's anyone designed to deal with it, it's her': Meghan Markle's on-screen Suits fiancé Patrick J. Adams approves of her royal romance 'She's the love of my life': Scott Disick declares Kourtney Kardashian is the one in KUWTK trailer...before getting cuddly with beauties in Miami 'The shoot is not soft porn, it is actual fashion': Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm defends posing naked for Playboy Make-up free Cindy Crawford shows off her svelte figure in skintight jeans and plunging white top ahead of 51st birthday Fit at 50 Enjoying a bit too much Pillowtalk? Pop heartthrob Zayn Malik sports a serious case of bed head as he enjoys shopping trip in Beverly Hills Going solo! Taylor Swift releases filmed acoustic rehearsal of I Don't Wanna Live Forever... without singing partner Zayn When two become one 'I didn't want to play a crack addict': Naomie Harris reveals she initially turned down Moonlight because of 'negative portrayals of women' in film That's one way to go viral! Mariah Carey poses in racy lingerie as she streams Facebook Live video...and hits one million views in first hour Busty Preeya Kalidas flashes her legs in a glamorous baby blue gown with dramatic ruffles at British Asian Trust dinner Blue-tiful Master and Apprentice! Arnold Schwarzenegger lunches with Mickey Rourke... after hitting back at Trump over ratings  Celebrity yearbook photos including Jimmy Kimmel in a tacky prom shirt, Tina Fey clutching a rose and a baby-faced Amy Adams are brought to life for Super Bowl ad Keke Palmer reveals truce with Trey Songz after claims he filmed her without her consent as she puts on another fashion show in New York You're fired! Gloomy Ivanka is pictured leaving DC home after Nordstrom drops her fashion brand amid angry boycott by thousands of women 'I can't wait to share our journey': New mum Stephanie Davis dotes over baby son Caben-Albi in adorable video  Preparing to raise her newborn alone 'I have three hearts': Pregnant Beyoncé strips NAKED to show off her baby bump in intimate snaps after announcing she is expecting twins  'Having twins is the most incredible experience ever!' Mariah Carey congratulates pal Beyonce after baby news   'Targeting the weakest does not show strength,' Angelina Jolie pens op-ed for the New York Times about refugee policy  Scarlett Johansson flaunts her famous curves in nude-looking suit in a sneak peek of her new movie Ghost In The Shell ahead of trailer  Naked tummy! Gigi Hadid models crop top that exposes her belly button and adds leather jacket to help keep out chill in NYC Tum's the word 'You made a reputation by showing your knockers!' CBB's Kim Woodburn takes aim at 'vile little creature' Nicola McLean as she's branded 'scum' Wigged out! Oprah Winfrey looks virtually unrecognisable in crimped blonde hairpiece on Los Angeles set of A Wrinkle In Time EXCLUSIVE Tequila shots, karaoke and a VERY A-list crowd: Behind-the-scenes at Harry Styles' 23rd birthday bash with Adele and Cindy Crawford Forgotten something? Lisa Appleton struggles to contain her ample assets as she dons a pair of tiny bikini briefs in Spain She always turns heads EXCLUSIVE: Timbaland's divorce lawyer slaps a lien on the music producer's $5 million Miami mansion for unpaid bills Pricey The apple of his (Beady) Eye! Liam Gallagher's son Gene sports similar haircut and same distinctive eyebrows as rocker dad on shopping spree 'It's time for us to embrace': Matthew McConaughey says celebrities should accept Trump is president and 'be constructive' 'This performance is for everyone': Lady Gaga talks up 'athletic' halftime show at Super Bowl after dancing in her underwear backstage Bikini-clad Kim Zolciak calls her husband Kroy Biermann 'sexy' as she posts photo of him in a very tight Speedo during beach getaway Fun in the sun J.C. Penney defends Beyonce using her own lyrics after critics snidely suggest that her 'awkward' pregnancy photo was taken at the retailer's portrait studio Fans accuse Beyoncé of copying M.I.A.'s music video for her maternity shoot - just months after the Sri Lankan rapper said Bey stole her sound What controversy? Mel Gibson smiles as his upcoming police brutality film Dragged Across Concrete sparks a social media backlash 'I get paid quite well to not be biased!': Rylan Clark-Neal hits out at claims CBB BOTS is unfair to housemates... as he confirms he'll still host the spin-off show  Drew Barrymore wanted 'ultra-traditional' upbringing for her two daughters as she calls split from husband her 'worst nightmare'  Back to basics Jamie Dornan flaunts his muscular physique as he showcases impressive pommel horse trick on Conan O'Brien Impressive Looking extra pouty! Rumer Willis shows off bigger lips as she attends opening of new basement bar in New York Getting lippy Selena Gomez is nominated for Kids' Choice Award as her current beau The Weeknd goes up against ex Bieber in 2017 nominations Oops, she did it again! Britney Spears suffers an EPIC wardrobe malfunction as she exposes her bare breast during Las Vegas show Kanye West is reprimanded by CFDA for his 'bad behavior' after failing to liaise with NYFW organizers about his Yeezy Season Five show Kim Kardashian looks slimmer than ever as she flaunts her gym-honed figure in black bikini alongside sister Kourtney during family getaway in Costa Rica Nicki Minaj invests in huge security upgrade for mansion following brazen thieves steal $200K worth of property and trash her home  Taking no chances 'I started doing hard drugs at age 12': Khloe Kardashian listens as latest Revenge Body contestant reveals she turned to meth to get thin 'We need a security guard 24-7': Kim Kardashian amps up protection for family in KUWTK sneak peek following armed heist Harrowing news Jennifer Connelly opts for a low-key look in a navy coat and beanie as she enjoys a stroll with husband Paul Bettany in New York Feeling the chill Oscar-winning Leonardo DiCaprio gets his meat seasoned by viral meme sensation Salt Bae at the chef's Dubai steakhouse  Just a sprinkle  Feeling Ferry saucy! Geordie Shore's Chloe leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her ample assets and tiny waist in skimpy lingerie Ola Jordan and Heidi Montag look worse for wear as they twerk up a storm during wild night out with husbands James and Spencer Justin brings Bieber Fever to the Super Bowl with wacky dance moves as he honours the history of touchdown celebrations in new advert 'Things just didn't work out': Singer Ella Eyre 'amicably' ends her two-year relationship with Rixton drummer Lewi Morgan Sad news  Kim Kardashian relives horror of Paris jewel heist by testifying in New York after a judge flew to meet her to identify armed men who robbed her at gunpoint CBB's Bianca Gascoigne puts on an eye-popping display as she poses provocatively in lingerie for racy pre-show photo shoot EXCLUSIVE 'I love to mix it up!': Ellie Goulding reveals the secrets behind her stunning athletic shape She's a fitness enthusiast  Alesha Dixon dares to be different in sexy leather mesh dress with sheer skirt as she joins glam Amanda Holden at Britain's Got Talent auditions in Birmingham Victoria Beckham shows off slim figure in chic trousers and polo-neck for shopping trip ... but STILL keeps her favourite sunglasses on in drizzly London Don't let mum and dad see! Brooklyn Beckham tucks into HUGE baguette during London day out without health fanatic parents David and Victoria  'I've got my priorities really in order!': Rob Lowe laughs as Jimmy Kimmel ribs him over job ad for assistant who can turn on his jacuzzi and arrange massages 'I really fell in love': Iskra Lawrence posts lingerie selfie as she reveals she's learned to accept her curves while inspiring women to celebrate their bodies 'Everybody's looking': New Fifty Shades Darker trailer reveals glamorous Masquerade Ball sequence A new promo has debuted  'I'm more nervous on runways now' than when I was 21': Naomi Campbell, 46, admits she feels 'vulnerable' on the catwalk alongside younger models 'I'd love to be with Kate Middleton!': Drew Barrymore reveals she fancies the Duchess of Cambridge... as she jokes about being 'naughty in my forties' 'Breakouts have made me stay in my house all day': Ashley Benson opens up about her struggle with acne at the launch of a spot-reducing gel product Johnny Depp brands former business managers 'reprehensible' after details of his spendthrift $2million-a-month lifestyle emerge  McQueen Bey! Hollyoaks' pregnant matriarch Myra recreates THAT Beyonce baby pic... yet swaps designer lingerie for sports top and cardi Lottie Moss cuts a demure figure in lace-up jeans and fur coat as she hits the town for casual night out Certainly looked the part of a fashion model  It's Patsy TANsit! Actress overdoes the bronzer as she dons workout gear for energetic jog in the rain Not exactly tanning weather in London 'It left me bereft': Kris Marshall quits Death In Paradise after Caribbean filming separated him from his family... as fans mourn 'heartbreaking' news No dramas! Danielle Lloyd steps out in double denim after furiously denying Nicola McLean's claims she attended her wedding to Jamie O'Hara CBB's Nicola McLean flaunts her ample assets in racy lace lingerie as she poses for saucy pre-show shoot WAG and glamour model, 35 'It's a disaster!': Make-up free Dakota Johnson dons fur coat at LAX airport after revealing everything she says turns sexual Only the best for the Lord! Scott Disick stayed in $12,500 a night suite in Miami after fleeing Kardashian Costa Rican getaway 'I've never met a hater whose life I wish I had': Gabrielle Union bites back at mean girls as she flaunts her fabulous figure at 44 in Women's Health Trump requests prayers for Arnold Schwarzenegger and his Apprentice ratings... as his replacement suggest they switch jobs  'WAKE UP & JOIN THE RESISTANCE': Sarah Silverman calls for a military coup to overthrow President Trump Controversial statement Twinning! Cindy Crawford's son Presley Gerber steps out with girlfriend Lily - whose model good looks will fit right in Strictly's rumoured new head judge Gary Edwards suffers 'TV fail' when he continuously refers to Len Goodman as a 'matriarch' rather than a patriarch Imogen Thomas displays her curves in colourful swimwear at the launch of her new collection... as she reveals her relationship has lost its spark Gaz Beadle transforms into a naughty pensioner as he hits the gym and chats girls up in hilarious prank ahead of Spring Break with Grandad launch Just like Linda! Lusardi's daughter Lucy Kane shows an uncanny resemblance to her mum... as she 'blows judges away on The Voice End of an era! Designer Riccardo Tisci leaves Givenchy after 12 YEARS with the French fashion house - as rumors suggest he is heading to Versace Move over George! Adorable Prince of Bhutan proves himself a contender for world's cutest royal baby as he poses for his first birthday portrait Nick Gordon steps out on second anniversary of the day girlfriend Bobbi Kristina was tragically found unresponsive in bathtub 'I love having her around again': Brooke Vincent reveals she was instrumental in her on-screen sister Helen Flanagan's return to Coronation Street Drinking problems! Coronation Street viewers spot a major props blunder when Kate serves Toyah a glass of wine from an EMPTY bottle Who said acting was easy? Joanne Froggatt shelters from the rain as she braves freezing conditions while filming Liar in Kent Alice Eve oozes classic Hollywood glamour in a sophisticated all-black ensemble as she enjoys a low-key dinner in LA British beauty Gigi Hadid wears nothing but a tiny miniskirt as she goes braless for tasteful LOVE magazine shoot Stunning black and white snap  That's a butt rude! Rita Ora is cheeky in see-through gym pants ... as she steps out in LA after congratulating Beyonce on her pregnancy news What a view! Will pregnant Beyonce still perform at Coachella? Singer's April headline slot is uncertain after announcement she's expecting twins The adorable moment Prince Harry pranks an unimpressed school boy with the 'wrong shoulder' trick (and acts surprised when the joke's turned on him) Bella Thorne flaunts her taut tummy as she works up a sweat with her wild moves while leading a dance class Energetic night! Heidi Klum steals the spotlight in a quirky black Victoriana-style ensemble and heavy jewels as she shoots Germany's Next Top Model 'We do get a bit delirious': Rebel Wilson and Anna Kendrick share behind-the-scenes Pitch Perfect 3 video after filming for 15 hours Geordie Shore's Holly Hagan shows off her toned curves as she shares an eye-popping bikini shot from her holiday in Thailand 'I absolutely hate my natural look': Katie Price shares rare 'make-up free' selfie as she takes a break from her hair extensions Ed Sheeran fans hit out at touts after tickets to the British pop star's UK tour were being sold online for up to £1,000 just minutes after going on sale  Racy in red! Lucy Mecklenburgh shows off her stunningly slim figure in chic bikini as she posts yet ANOTHER swimsuit snap from Dubai trip 'Let me come in your changing room!' Trinny Woodall accidentally propositions Phillip Schofield live on This Morning leaving Holly Willoughby in hysterics What a bikini body! Justin Bieber's 'ex' Sahara Ray almost busts out of her skimpy swimwear in racy Instagram snap after THAT lingerie shot Lorraine Kelly can't contain her giggles as she recreates the famous pottery scene from the movie Ghost with Dr Hilary Jones as Patrick Swayze  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All Living All Living Real Life Dear Deidre Fabulous Virals Sun Mums Travel Money Health Sex Fashion and beauty Food Horoscopes Puzzles Mrs Crunch A GLASS ACT How this £6 bottle of Malbec is one of the world’s best wines – and you can buy it from Asda This bottle of plonk beat thousands of rivals to win a prestigious wine competition last year - and you can buy it for next to nothing BY SOPHIE CHRISTIE, Digital Consumer Reporter 1st February 2017, 1:34 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments DRY January is officially over – much to the relief of many drinkers across the country – and a cheap bottle of Asda plonk could be the perfect tipple to ease you back into boozy life. The La Moneda Reserva Malbec, which won last year’s prestigious Decanter World Wine Awards, is a complete steal at £5.98. Asda 2 The Malbec was so popular last year that Walmart – Asda’s owner – started stocking the red in stores across the US The Asda own-brand red won best in show after it was tasted blind against other Malbec blends from Chile. It won the award for “best single-variety red costing under £15”. A total of 16,000 bottles were entered into the competition, which was judged by a panel of 240 experts. Following the win last year, demand for the bargain bottle was so high it crashed the supermarket’s online Wine Shop after a flurry of orders. Asda confirmed that sales grew by over 150 per cent year-on-year following the award win. It was so popular, in fact, that Walmart – the American retailer which owns Asda – decided to start stocking the plonk in 577 of its 4,600 US stores, for $6.96 a bottle. SPORTING SPOOK Why does Alex Best believe George's is haunting her? Model claims ex-hubby's ghost lingers in her home Sexy Time This is the day of the week and the exact time that people are most likely to be having sex 'He was the love of my life' Heartbroken husband reveals motor neurone disease campaigner Gordon Aikman has died aged 31 NO MUM-BO JUMBO We put the theory of mindfulness to the test to see if really can make you a happier and healthier mum curbing cider for kids Strong cheap cider should be taxed more to save kids' health, campaigners warn While the bargain bottle of red isn’t new, The Washington Post last week revealed why the red wine is so cheap. The paper explained how La Moneda is mass-produced by Ranco Wines, Chile’s largest wine exporter, which ships more than 80million litres a year to more than 25 countries. That’s 107million bottles, or nearly 9million cases. So rather than being created in rustic oak barrels in a beautiful vineyard in Chile, the wine is an industrial product made in stainless-steel tank farms. Getty Images 2 The wine is sold exclusively at Asda The wine is also shipped in bulk to Britain and bottled here, which helps reduce costs further. The Malbec, described as “deliciously smooth and juicy with rich blackberry, black cherry and damson fruit” is in stock today, and can be picked up from Asda for just shy of £6. Bargain! Linda Robson discovers how much sugar is in the wine she drinks per month We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4094           The Sun Topics Alcohol Asda Drinking Wine Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in Living Exclusive KEEPING IT IN THE FAMILY Jilted girlfriend gets revenge on cheating fella... by sleeping with his DAD Living Sign of the times Bizarre web theory claims Beyonce's twins announcement 'proves she's a member of the Illuminati' Living SEXPERTISE How long should sex take? Tracey Cox answers the intimate questions you’re too embarrassed to ask Living 'You're going to kill me with that thing' Woman describes what it's really like to have sex with a man with a 'bionic' penis Living 'SHE'S THE HOUSEKEEPER' Man says he won't marry the mum of his children unless she does WIFE LESSONS Living DEAR DEIDRE My girlfriend's mum is threatening me to have sex with her again after our drunken romp together Living YOU’RE CODDING ME Birds Eye shrinks fish finger packs from 12 to 10 - but keeps the price the SAME Living Video Bondage, lace and models in pig masks Inside Hollywood’s most exclusive sex parties, where a ticket costs £1,500… Living ‘I completely broke down’ Heartbroken mother tells how she spent 16 DAYS with her dead baby girl – and even took her… Living CYBER NIP SLIP Female gamer 'accidentally' flashes boob during a live stream, but her pal is too focused to notice Living ‘My identical twin brother is now my sister’ Jeremy Kyle fans in tears as 'best looking guest ever' unveils transformation Living 'it seemed so natural' Meet the couples who had sex HOURS after they met just like the lovers in Apple Tree Yard Living Work of art Is Beyonce meant to be Venus? The hidden meaning behind Lemonade star’s naked pregnancy photos Living 'I was delighted to be asked' Britain’s greatest living artist David Hockney creates dazzling new logo for The Sun -… Living 'Karma's a b***h' Cheating girlfriend gets some pretty sharp advice from a stranger after texting the wrong number Living Most Popular Picture exclusive MEG HAND HARRY Prince Harry spotted holding hands with girlfriend Meghan Markle on date - as pals claim TV star has… News not so far away Asteroid will zoom past Earth this evening in FOURTH close shave of the year News Exclusive KYLIE BINS 'CHEATING' fiancé Heartbroken pop queen Kylie Minogue, 48, is unlucky in love AGAIN after dumping Brit toyboy… TV & Showbiz IT'S TRILL GATES! Microsoft founder Bill Gates set to become the world's first TRILLIONAIRE despite efforts to give it away News WEDDED DISS Danielle Lloyd accuses Nicola McLean of lying in epic CBB row after model claims she was at her WEDDING TV & Showbiz BEYBIES ON BOARD Beyonce strips naked to show off her growing baby bump and poses underwater in arty photoshoot alongside… TV & Showbiz VAPING BAD E-cigarettes 'damage your heart - raising risk of heart attack and stroke' Living 'I AM NOT ASHAMED' Reality TV star admits she works as a PROSTITUTE in her spare time News FROZEN IN TIME British scientists to lead hunt for fragments of 'dead planets' hidden in Antarctica News the teenage willoughbooby Not-so-blonde Holly Willoughby squeezes her boobs in lingerie advert filmed when she was 18 TV & Showbiz ED’ING YOUR WAY Ed Sheeran's tour sells out in minutes, but there are still ways to get hold of tickets TV & Showbiz PRINCESS OF POP-OUT Britney Spears gives fans the performance of their lives after her boob falls out on stage TV & Showbiz Exclusive KEEPING IT IN THE FAMILY Jilted girlfriend gets revenge on cheating fella... by sleeping with his DAD Living SING US A THONG Rita Ora flashes her undies as she climbs into a car in see-through black leggings after gym workout TV & Showbiz Sign of the times Bizarre web theory claims Beyonce's twins announcement 'proves she's a member of the Illuminati' Living Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY More Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY social Follow search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 5 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Husband, wife charged in Up North stabbing death of woman's father Authorities say Brian Degroot killed the victim and his wife, Jessica Degroot, helped him clean up the scene. Post to Facebook Husband, wife charged in Up North stabbing death of woman's father Authorities say Brian Degroot killed the victim and his wife, Jessica Degroot, helped him clean up the scene.  Check out this story on Freep.com: http://on.freep.com/2jWN7Ib {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 21 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Husband, wife charged in Up North stabbing death of woman's father Associated Press 8:31 a.m. ET Feb. 1, 2017 The bodies of two women have been found in separate parts of Detroit. (Photo: BrianAJackson, Getty Images/iStockphoto) TRAVERSE CITY, Mich. — A husband and wife are charged in the stabbing death of the woman’s father in northern Michigan. Brian Degroot, 47, and Jessica Degroot, 27, are jailed on $10 million bonds after being arraigned Tuesday on charges including open murder. Kalkaska County Sheriff Pat Whiteford tells the Traverse City Record-Eagle investigators believe Brian Degroot killed 54-year-old Michael Brandt at Brandt’s Springfield Township house and Jessica Degroot helped clean up. Brian Degroot also faces a torture charge. Related: DETROIT FREE PRESS 2 men charged in shooting deaths outside Walmart DETROIT FREE PRESS Maserati driver charged with murder in Bloomfield Township crash Brian Degroot told the court he told his wife to leave the house. Jessica Degroot said during the arraignment she feared for her life and wanted to leave her husband. Whiteford says the killing likely occurred two days before a friend called 911 on Jan. 29 to report finding Brandt dead of multiple stab wounds. 5 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 21 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2jWN7Ib
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Global Investing Hot Spots TD Ameritrade Conference Trader Talk ETF Strategist CNBC Fed Survey Modern Medicine Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Retail Consumer Retail Media Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report Amazon captured more than half of all online sales growth last year, new data shows Krystina Gustafson | @KrystinaGustafs Wednesday, 1 Feb 2017 | 8:48 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Amazon doesn't report fourth-quarter sales until Thursday. But if the latest data from Slice Intelligence is any indication, the online retailer had another breakout quarter. According to the receipt mining company Slice, which culled data from more than 2 million digital transactions, Amazon accounted for 53 percent of U.S. e-commerce growth in 2016. That's up from 2015, when it accounted for 40 percent of e-commerce growth. It's also more than half of the 11.4 percent gain reported by the Commerce Department over the 12 months ended Dec. 31. (The Commerce Department figures apply to non-store sales, which also include catalogs and TV orders.) Slice attributed much of Amazon's win to its two- to three-day lead when it comes to shipping speed. Whereas the average Amazon package was delivered in 3.4 days, that was 5.6 days from everyone else. In all, Amazon accounted for 43 percent of all online revenue last year, according to Slice. "Amazon maintains an obsessive focus on removing every pain point from the buying process. This is clearly exemplified with its Prime program, with free, reliably quick shipping," Ken Cassar, principal analyst at Slice Intelligence, said in a blog post. "While the rest of the market is investing to get our packages to us faster, Amazon still maintains a significant lead." It makes sense, then, that Wal-Mart has decided to scrap its ShippingPass program, which was being tested as a competitor to Amazon's Prime. Instead, the world's largest retailer said Tuesday that it will lower its minimum spending threshold to $35 from $50, and offer free two-day shipping on 2 million items. "In this day and age, two-day shipping is really just table stakes," Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart U.S. eCommerce, said about the decision. Slice's data is just the latest sign that Amazon continues to dominate traditional bricks-and-mortar retailers on the web, even as they improve their operations. Slice said last month that Amazon accounted for 38 percent of holiday receipts, roughly in line with the prior year. Best Buy was its closest competitor, making up 3.9 percent of receipts, according to Slice. Krystina GustafsonEditor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AMZN ---
coventrytelegraphLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Coventry News UK & World News Business Health Crime Politics Education Motors History News OpinionExpand What's On Latest What's On Food & Drink Things To Do ShoppingExpand Sport Latest Sport Coventry City FC Football Rugby Wasps RFC Coventry RFC Rugby League Speedway Other Sport Sport OpinionExpand Football Coventry City FC Wasps RFC Business In Your Area Coventry Warwickshire Nuneaton See all locationsExpand Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory Family Notices BuySell Dating Book an Ad Buy a Photo Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror Midlands Home What's On Food & Drink Coventry Shopping What's On Asda recalls children's Little Dish meal over health risk fears The product contains milk, which is not declared on the label, so it could affect anyone with 'an allergy or intolerance to milk and milk constituents'  Share  Comments ByJames Rodger 13:04, 1 FEB 2017 Updated14:30, 1 FEB 2017 What's On Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Aldi v Asda - which is cheaper? Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Asda is recalling its Little Dish Pasta Bolognese over a possible health risk to those with allergies. The product contains milk, which is not declared on the label, so it could affect anyone with 'an allergy or intolerance to milk and milk constituents'. The product recall relates to 300g meals with a use by date of February 19 or 20. The batch code of affected meals is 17015 and barcode 5060121671584. Read More Aldi vs Asda - Which supermarket is cheaper for your family shop? Asda, owned by US retail giant Walmart, operate multiple stores across Coventry and throughout the surrounding region. Asda's 'allergen alert' recall notice states: "It has come to our attention that Little Dish Pasta Bolognese 300gm as detailed above contains milk, which is not declared in the ingredients. "If you have purchased Little Dish Pasta Bolognese 300gm, please bring it back to your nearest store where you will be given a full refund. You do not need your receipt. We are very sorry for any inconvenience caused." For more details call Asda customer relations on 0800 952 0101. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @covtelegraph Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Coventry Shopping Asda What's On all Most Read Most Recent Coventry ShoppingAsda recalls children's Little Dish meal over health risk fears The product contains milk, which is not declared on the label, so it could affect anyone with 'an allergy or intolerance to milk and milk constituents' CoventryWhen do the clocks change in 2017? All you need to know You won't have to trouble yourself with the cold air or dark skies for much longer Things to Do CoventryThe Risk singer Charlie Healy to debut new single at Coventry bar Spon Street venue will host the single launch on Thursday, February 9, 2017, with tickets now available Valentine's DayWhy your Valentine's Day is about to become cheaper A supermarket price war means roses need not tug on your purse strings this year Things to Do CoventryThe Jobs Fair returns to Coventry with great employment opportunities available Those looking for employment can attend the event in a bid to meet face-to-face with potential employers CoventryWhen do the clocks change in 2017? All you need to know You won't have to trouble yourself with the cold air or dark skies for much longer Things to Do CoventryThe Risk singer Charlie Healy to debut new single at Coventry bar Spon Street venue will host the single launch on Thursday, February 9, 2017, with tickets now available Things to Do CoventryWhere to watch Super Bowl LI in Coventry The NFL has enjoyed a surge in popularity in the UK over recent years Valentine's DayWhy your Valentine's Day is about to become cheaper A supermarket price war means roses need not tug on your purse strings this year Things to Do CoventryCoventry to celebrate Chinese New Year in style this weekend A free day out for all the family; organisers say there will be a host of entertainment on offer Most Read Most Recent Coventry City FCFormer Coventry City boss Steven Pressley 'devastated' for Cov Kid Callum Wilson Elvis backs former Sky Blues star striker to bounce back from latest long-term injury blow CrimeMum and daughter caught out in Gumtree landlord scam fear homelessness Claire Smith is having to sleep on her widower mother's living room floor CourtsPair who concealed birth of baby whose skeleton was found by railway line to be sentenced today Claire Cook and James Hamshaw both admitted the crime after remains were found at Bedworth last September Coventry City FCCoventry City semi-final latest ticket figures after first day of general sale Will the Sky Blues get close to a sell-out at the Ricoh as they did for their last Trophy semi-final? Coventry City FCWho is behind the latest Ricoh Arena legal battle? Telegraph investigates as new court fight looms Coventry City distance themselves from judicial review but club chairman is director of firms behind latest bid Coventry City CentreThree arrested after robbery outside city bank leaves man with broken back The robbers stole money from the man who was injured in High Street Coventry NewsLive: Breaking news and travel from Coventry and Warwickshire on February 3 News, sport and travel updates from across the region and beyond CoventryWhen do the clocks change in 2017? All you need to know You won't have to trouble yourself with the cold air or dark skies for much longer Coventry City FCFormer Coventry City boss Steven Pressley 'devastated' for Cov Kid Callum Wilson Elvis backs former Sky Blues star striker to bounce back from latest long-term injury blow NewsThe second last Triumph TR6 could be yours The second last Triumph TR6 could be yours Top Stories CourtsJail for corrupt businessman who bribed banker with sex parties, watches and luxury holidays The scam was worth £245million over a four-year period CourtsPair who concealed birth of baby whose skeleton was found by railway line to be sentenced today Claire Cook and James Hamshaw both admitted the crime after remains were found at Bedworth last September Coventry City CentreThree arrested after robbery outside city bank leaves man with broken back The robbers stole money from the man who was injured in High Street Coventry City FCWho is behind the latest Ricoh Arena legal battle? Telegraph investigates as new court fight looms Coventry City distance themselves from judicial review but club chairman is director of firms behind latest bid NewsThe second last Triumph TR6 could be yours The second last Triumph TR6 could be yours Sisu'I cannot take it anymore': Coventry City fans react to Sisu's latest legal fight Sky Blues supporters are voicing their anger at the club's owners as they pursue second legal challenge over Rioch Arena CourtsCourts: Two women caught stealing at Tesco both fined just £40 Cases heard by Coventry magistrates on January 12 CoventryStyvechale (or Stivichall?) and Wyken: Coventry's strange suburb names explained - part three Why is Wyken called Wyken? Coventry's strange suburb names explained - part three Local NewsIs this the most inventive proposal ever? Boyfriend ignores the rain to pop the question in style Martin Marangu wasn't going to let a few spots of rain bother him - especially if he could use it to his advantage CrimeMum and daughter caught out in Gumtree landlord scam fear homelessness Claire Smith is having to sleep on her widower mother's living room floor Coventry City FCJimmy Hill Way calls for Coventry City chairman Tim Fisher to leave The protest group say that relegation this season is now almost inevitable Coventry Crown CourtThis man cut his ex partner's brake lines - days before she was due to drive their kids to France David Walker, from Nuneaton, admitted causing damage being reckless whether life would be endangered When do the clocks change in 2017? All you need to know Asda recalls children's Little Dish meal over health risk fears Why your Valentine's Day is about to become cheaper The Jobs Fair returns to Coventry with great employment opportunities available The Risk singer Charlie Healy to debut new single at Coventry bar The Enemy singer Tom Clarke announces first-ever solo acoustic tour You can now buy ENTIRE boxes of Maltesers Teasers Currys PC World freeze prices of HUNDREDS of items - including Macbooks, TVs and Dyson vacuums Godiva Festival 2017 - 12 bands we reckon could headline this year A new store is opening INSIDE Nuneaton Poundland Where to watch Super Bowl LI in Coventry Where are the previous Celebrity Big Brother winners now? Starbucks unveils Valentine's Day menu - here's what you can get Coventry to celebrate Chinese New Year in style this weekend Aldi vs Asda - Which supermarket is cheaper for your family shop? Lidl launch bargain women's fashion range with prices from £3.99 Beyonce pregnant with twins Instagram post shatters records Chocolate Easter bunnies urgently re-called by Co-op as criminal investigation launched 10 quaint places for afternoon tea in Coventry and Warwickshire When are the 2017 BAFTAs? Full nomination list, who will win, how to watch and more News What's On Sport Football Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror Midlands close Breaking news This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
x This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Continue if you are OK with this or read more in our privacy policy.  Home About Contact Subscribe Login Home News Copyright Trademarks TBO Patents Jurisdiction Reports Directory Events Magazines Annual archive Leaders Subscribe Monster Energy files TM infringement suit 01-02-2017 Prachaya Roekdeethaweesab / Shutterstock, Inc. Other related BMW sues car company in counterfeit suit 23-01-2017 Model train company v NY transport: appeal heads to Fourth Circuit 14-12-2016 Insurance company sues charities for TM infringement 13-12-2016 US-based energy drink manufacturer Monster Energy has filed a trademark infringement lawsuit against two businesses based in the country. Monster filed its suit (pdf) against Nature’s Bounty Company and Met-Rx Substrate Technology at the US District Court for the Central District of California on Monday, January 30. The energy drink company argued that its trademarks had been infringed and that the defendants had created a false designation of origin and competed unfairly. Met-Rx is a fitness products company and Nature’s Bounty is a vitamins and supplements supplier. Monster argued that since 2002 it has “consistently” used its ‘Monster Energy’ mark to identify its ready-to-drink beverage line. The energy drink business added that it owns a number of marks for the term ‘Monster Energy’ that cover goods such as fruit juice drinks, carbonated soft drinks and energy drinks. According to the suit, Nature’s Bounty and Met-Rx infringed its marks on their websites by selling ready-to-drink beverages. The defendants have used the mark ‘Love the Monster’ in nationwide television advertisements, press releases and social media campaigns, the suit said.   In addition, Nature’s Bounty and Met-Rx allegedly manufactured their infringing products for stores such as Amazon and Walmart. The energy drink company argued that the defendants are “clearly aware” of Monster and its marks and that the companies have “attempted to capitalise” on Monster’s reputation. Monster asked for a preliminary and permanent injunction against the defendants, profits, damages, pre- and post- judgment interest, triple damages, exemplary damages, restitution and disgorgement, a trial by jury and further relief that the court deems just.  Did you enjoy reading this story? Sign up to our free daily newsletters and get stories like this sent straight to your inbox.  Monster Energy, Met-Rx Substrate Technology, trademark, trademark infringement, unfair competition, Nature’s Bounty Company, sport, permanent injunction, Editor's Picks Most read Kylie Minogue backs down in Jenner trademark clash Judge rejects McAfee injunction against Intel Energizer settles IP infringement suit with Spectrum Copyright and Brexit: what lies ahead Herbert Smith conference: Relinquishing trademark rights needs careful consideration Burberry takes counterfeiters to court in TM claim Trump nominates Neil Gorsuch to replace Scalia at US Supreme Court EPO and Rospatent launch PPH pilot Facebook’s Oculus ordered to pay $500m over infringement Monster Energy files TM infringement suit Sign up for the newsletter Newsletter Your email * Links Home News Directory About Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use Terms of Subscription WIPR Newton Media Ltd Kingfisher House 21-23 Elmfield Road Bromley BR1 1LT United Kingdom Email: info@newtonmedia.co.uk Follow @WorldIPReview Tweets by @WorldIPReview
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › world › americas asia middle east africa australia cities development UK europe home US politics world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Cities Resilient cities First class meal: could the declining US postal service deliver food to the needy? Students in St Louis propose to help millions of ‘food insecure’ people and reduce America’s mountain of food waste ... by piggybacking on the vehicles and shuttered offices of the United States Postal Service The US Postal Service has seen 17% of its offices shuttered since 1971. Photograph: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Cities is supported by About this content Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Ann Babe in New York Wednesday 1 February 2017 07.00 EST Last modified on Thursday 2 February 2017 07.48 EST Despite living in one of the wealthiest nations in the world, one in seven US residents is “food insecure”. These 48 million people struggle to reliably find food, even as the rest of the population throw out about 60m tonnes of it a year. Typically America’s food-insecure population is also low-income and trapped in food deserts, where they lack fresh, healthy, affordable eating options. Residents of food deserts make up almost 18% of the population, or about 54.4 million people, who live more than half a mile away from the nearest supermarket in urban areas or more than 10 miles away in rural areas. “It’s just ridiculous in a country that is as resource-rich as we are,” says 30-year-old Anu Samarajiva, a graduate student at Washington University in St Louis. “The issue isn’t a lack of food or a lack of resources, but of distribution, pickup and logistics.” Keen to make a change, Samarajiva and her classmates Irum Javed and Lanxi Zhang came up with a proposal to tackle the issue – by harnessing another service in a predicament of its own. If the problem is distribution, they thought, then who better able to handle it than the king of delivery: the United States Postal Service (USPS)? The post office department has long been entrenched in America’s neighbourhoods, with more than 30,000 physical branches across the country – but with the rise of digital communications, it’s in decline. The team’s proposal, which won the Urban SOS: Fair Share competition in January, envisages using the vast postal system network to improve food security in the US. Grocery stores and markets with surplus perishable foods would use the USPS app to schedule pickups, and USPS trucks that are either refrigerated or equipped with refrigerated bags would then deliver those pickups to hunger-relief organisations around the region. USPS offices, 17% of which have shuttered since 1971, could also be reconfigured as food-recovery storage and shopping centres. Facebook Twitter Pinterest A rendering of the proposal to use closed USPS offices as food-recovery storage centres. First Class Meal, as the project is called, received $7,500 to fund its development alongside the implementation guidance of engineering giant AECOM and the Van Alen Institute, which conducted the ideas competition with the support of the Rockefeller Foundation’s 100 Resilient Cities programme (which also supports Guardian Cities). As they work to come up with a creative funding model and secure partnerships with the USPS and other groups, First Class Meal is eager to put their plan into action. Their sights are set on the most food-insecure county in the nation, Los Angeles County, where 1.5 million people are food insecure, according to Iesha Siler of the LA Food Policy Council. “With urban sprawl, a lot of communities have been left behind.” With urban sprawl, a lot of communities have been left behind Iesha Siler With a model like First Class Meal, Siler says, distributed infrastructure can stay local and continue to benefit the community, only in a reimagined way. “People would like to see those post-office spaces be put to use and come back to life, instead of becoming blighted properties.” First Class Meal’s proposed application of the postal service would, if successful, do more than just reinvigorate infrastructure. It would knock down the biggest stumbling block facing all the other food-security startups around the country and the globe: sustainable transport. Unlike the First Class Meal idea, the delivery and distribution trips made by these startups have one purpose only. Nevertheless, the growing number of organisations dedicated to food recovery and redistribution across the US are achieving great things.Food Forward in California and Food for Free in Massachusetts salvage surplus produce from farmers markets, events, farms and wholesale stores and distribute it to food banks. They rescue millions of pounds of surplus produce each year – but rely on employees and volunteers to run the pick-ups and drop-offs. Chicago-based MealConnect, which partners with mega-stores such as Walmart and Target, uses a real-time online platform to match donors with its 46 member food banks – the latter of which become responsible for the transport. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Food For Free staff pick up leftover food from Harvard University graduation events. Photograph: Boston Globe via Getty Images Also serving Chicago is Zero Percent, a paid service that focuses on restaurant leftovers. So far the startup has donated more than one million meals from commercial kitchens around the city, but charges businesses a fee to make up for the cost of managing its own drivers for deliveries. Some organisations, including Food for All in New York and Cambridge, Massachusetts, and Too Good to Go across Europe, have bypassed the delivery component altogether. These models aggregate surplus restaurant food into a digital marketplace, from which low-income consumers and discount eaters can purchase their meals and pick them up themselves. “Everybody who is low on their budget, like students and families who don’t earn so much, can still enjoy a nice meal and do something for the environment,” says Klaus Pedersen, CMO of Too Good to Go, which launched in Denmark, expanded to the UK, Norway, Germany, France, Austria, Switzerland and Sweden, and may soon open in New York. “When we spend so much energy and resources and money on producing food, it’s very silly to throw it out in the bin.” For Pedersen and others, the bin represents a major problem in industrialised countries around the globe, whose food waste amounts to 3.3bn tonnes in carbon dioxide emissions each year, according to the UN Food and Agriculture Association. But they believe technology can help solve it. Could urban farming be an oasis in the Tulsa food desert? Read more “Food security is such a huge challenge, but it’s also a space that’s ripe with opportunity,” says Greg Behrman, founder of NationSwell, a digital media company focused on innovation. “There’s a perfect lane for tech to come in and address the inefficiencies.” The First Class Meal student team says they want to use tech in a way that goes beyond a single app, to involve entire systems, spaces and government agencies. For them, this means looking at how to take advantage of existing infrastructures rather than build entirely new ones. Leveraging a well-established network of offices, routes and delivery people is also, of course, a lot cheaper. And the benefits are manifold, says James Johnson-Piett, CEO of the community development venture Urbane Development. Not only does “activating spaces” bring underused buildings back to life, he says, but it helps the communities they serve “become a lot more dynamic”, by way of new jobs, greater entrepreneurship and increased public interest. “If you think about the evolution of a space, buildings have a life cycle,” Johnson-Piett says. “They could be a manufacturing space in one era. They could be an artist space in the next era. They could be a residential space in the another era.” The nation’s declining post offices, then, could well be the food-security centres of the future. Follow Guardian Cities on Twitter and Facebook to join the discussion, and explore our archive here More news Topics Food poverty Food waste Food security Poverty Americas Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world selected UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities selected development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video World › Cities › Food poverty Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
GoSearch Replay: News at 11 News 3 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WTKR.com Menu News Good News Health Taking Action Sports Coast Live Contests Team 3 Events WGNT Traffic Weather 41° 41° Low 26° High 41° Sat 28° 39° Sun 39° 52° Mon 43° 56° See complete forecast AAA holding child seat round up to encourage people to get rid of old car seats Posted 6:53 am, February 1, 2017, by Erica Greenway Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Safety first × AAA holding child seat round up to encourage people to get rid of old car seats Safety first AAA is taking action to raise awareness about the possible dangers of using old or damaged car safety seats. They don’t recommend you use car seats that are over six years old, have been purchased from a thrift store or yard sale, have parts missing or have been recalled. To encourage people to get rid of their old seats, AAA is holding a child seat round up for the month of February. This is the 28th year they’ve held the event. You can drop off a safety seat between Feb. 1 – 28 at these locations: Any AAA Tidewater Virginia branch location Hampton Roads Wal-Mart locations (excluding Williamsburg, North Main Street in Suffolk and Gloucester) As an incentive to drop off your old car seats, Wal-Mart will give out a $5 Wal-Mart gift card for each seat turned in (maximum 2 per person). At the end of the month, all of the seats collected will be recycled by Waste Management of Virginia, Inc.   Filed in: News Topics: AAA, wal-mart Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Team 3 Professionals Visit them today! Popular Norfolk Premium Outlets on track for summer opening Watch: Senate committee narrowly approves Betsy DeVos Virginia Beach-based Navy SEAL killed in Yemen identified Attorney: 60-year-old Chesapeake man shot, killed while playing Pokémon Go Latest News Virginia Special Olympics athlete heading to World Games in Austria Old Dominion closes out Florida International 64-57 First Warning Forecast: Rain/snow mix possible Friday morning Nordstrom distances itself from Ivanka Trump brand News Politics Virginia House panel rejects expansion of seat belt law Good News News Infant ejected from car is found alive in storm drain News Car, keepsakes stolen from Virginia Beach couple grieving loss of young daughter News Virginia drivers see gas prices highest since 2014 News Tips for car care during cold weather News Virginia State Police investigating two fatal Brunswick County crashes News Man gets life in prison for leaving boy in hot car to die News Politics Control of Congress up for grabs Tuesday News Colorado Mom accused of leaving child in freezing car overnight had been drinking, police say News Va. father details surviving mass shooting at Ft. Lauderdale airport News Weather Getting yourself road ready before the storm News Bystander live streams two men overdosing in McDonald’s parking lot News Delta introduces new premium economy class seats Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App WTKR Weather Android App WTKR Weather iPhone App Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 720 Boush Street, Norfolk, VA 23510 • Copyright © 2017, WTKR • A Dreamcatcher Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Marketplace Shopping DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close AP 5 savvy shopping tips for buying jewelry for Valentine's Day Filed under Retail at Yesterday Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Wire Services Connect with Wire Services Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Shopping for jewelry for a loved one ahead of Valentine's Day can be stressful. But learning some tricks should help anyone have an easier time finding the perfect gift. That means understanding a partner's tastes, shopping at reputable jewelry stores and learning what the wording means in terms of how gemstones are graded. And there's plenty of opportunity to haggle for the best price. "It is a big time to buy jewelry," says Amanda Gizzi, a spokeswoman at the Jewelers of America, a trade association with more than 8,000 retail members. "There are some wonderful sales to be had. Look for the best pieces for your budget, but don't be dazzled by the discounts." Above all, start researching with time to spare, figure out how much you want to spend, and shop to take advantage of post-holiday sales or limited-time Valentine's Day deals. The median price for a piece of jewelry is $350, excluding engagement rings and wedding bands, the trade group says. But there's a wide range of jewelry sellers from Target to Tiffany. At Wal-Mart's Sam's Club, which says its jewelry is priced at a 25 to 40 percent discount over other jewelry retailers, Valentine's deals run from now to the holiday. Macy's jewelry sale, which includes 60 percent off 14-carat and 18-carat gold jewelry, is going on through Feb. 9. "You really do need to shop early if you are budget-minded," said Benjamin Glaser, features editor at DealNews.com, an online deal comparison site. Rocksbox.com, a rental jewelry subscription service, allows shoppers to get three items per month based on their tastes, delivered to their doors. (Rocksbox via AP) Here are some tips: 1. KNOW YOUR LOVED ONE'S TASTE Look at what your partner is wearing and what's in the jewelry box. If your special someone likes small earrings, don't get big hoops. And if that person is active, don't buy rings with high settings, says Gizzi. Among the trends this year: updated classics like hoop earrings with diamond chips, or layering rings or bracelets. If you plan to buy diamonds, see if there's a way — subtly! — to find out if your partner would rather sacrifice size over quality or vice versa. 2. DO RESEARCH AND LEARN THE LINGO Check out sites like Jewelers of America and online retail sites like Blue Nile for help understanding key terms like what clarity means when you are talking about diamonds, or want to know more about how gemstones are graded. Bluenile.com, which has also begun opening in-person showrooms, offers tools to compare prices from 150,000 independently graded diamonds. 3. TAKE PRECAUTIONS AGAINST FRAUD First, be cautious about a store always offering discounts of more than 50 percent. Consumers may find the discount price is actually the average retail price elsewhere, says the Jewelers of America. Buy from a trusted retailer. Ask friends for recommendations, or go to websites like the American Gem Society, which lets you search for reputable jewelry stores by ZIP code. As for diamonds, consumers should insist a stone be accompanied by an independent grading report from a respected lab like the Gemological Institute of America, says Josh Holland, Blue Nile's director of brand experience. Also, check out the return policy and find out whether you'd get your money back or would have to exchange an item for credit. And haggle— it's a common practice in the jewelry business, Glaser says. Blue Nile sells a variety of Valentine's Day jewelry, including diamond heart pendants and a love necklace. (Blue Nile via AP) 4. CONSIDER SYNTHETIC DIAMONDS If you want something sparkly but want to avoid gems from conflict zones, synthetic or man-made diamonds are about 20 percent to 40 percent less expensive, according to DealNews. Produced in a laboratory, they are chemically the same as mined diamonds, as opposed to simulated diamonds, which are usually cubic zirconia or moissanite. Pure Grown Diamonds, the world's largest distributor of them, has a directory on its website of stores by ZIP code that offer lab-grown diamonds. While a gemologist wouldn't be able to tell the difference between mined and synthetic diamonds, a jeweler needs to tell buyers the origin. 5. BE CREATIVE Not interested in spending a lot but still want good quality? Consider estate sales. Or if you think your partner would want to try out pieces for a while, there's a rental jewelry subscription service called Rocksbox.com. It allows shoppers to get three items per month based on their tastes, delivered to their doors. Rocksbox.com offers memberships of three months, six months and 12 months with a gift card that can be applied to a purchase. For example, a three-month gift membership plus a $10 gift card is $49. The retail price on the jewelry ranges from $50 to $150 and includes such designers as Kate Spade and Rebecca Minkoff. Anne D'Innocenzio, The Associated Press View Comments Tags Retail Business Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe to Businessweek Shattering hashtags. Photographer: krusunshiro/Getty Images Facebook Twitter Email Print Share Tech The Treacherous Path for Companies After #DeleteUber Leonid Bershidsky is a Bloomberg View columnist. He was the founding editor of the Russian business daily Vedomosti and founded the opinion website Slon.ru. Read More. @Bershidsky Jan 31, 2017 1:05 PM EST ( Updated Jan 31, 2017 1:37 PM EST) a | A By Leonid Bershidsky The Uber boycott sparked by the company's refusal to join an anti-Trump strike poses a question many U.S. businesses will have to answer: Do they openly stand with those of their customers who abhor the president's policies or does it make more business sense for them to stay neutral?  QuickTake The Sharing Economy The #DeleteUber movement appears to be something of a disaster for the ride-hailing company in the U.S. After Uber failed to join a taxi drivers' strike in New York against Trump's entry ban for citizens of seven Muslim-dominated countries, users began deleting the app and encouraging others to do so on social media. Its main competitor Lyft then leapfrogged into first place in terms of downloads, becoming one of the most popular apps in the country. This followed chief executive Travis Kalanick tweeting that the travel ban is "against everything Uber stands for" while vowing to "use his position" on a Trump advisory council to "stand up for what's right." In the view of many of Uber's tech-savvy, urban customers, that was not enough. Say what you will about corporate social responsibility, it's not necessarily smart for a chief executive to make a political stand. A company's primary responsibility is to its shareholders, so protesting the actions of a president -- especially a thin-skinned one like Trump, who likes to meddle in corporations' business decisions -- may be counterproductive. Essentially, U.S. businesses now face the same dilemma Russian companies faced when President Vladimir Putin began increasing the government's role in the economy and rolling back civil liberties. Everyone who went publicly against the autocratic flow was squeezed out of business in Russia. The cases of media magnate Vladimir Gusinsky, oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky, retail whiz Yevgeni Chichvarkin are commonly known examples. Other Russian capitalists, who grew rich in the freer era before Putin, decided against tempting fate and toed the party line. For many U.S. tech executives, the choice is more complicated. Russia's general public was never particularly politicized, so it easily accepted Putin's contract -- relative prosperity and security in exchange for less freedom. Many U.S. tech companies prize the same urban, educated clientele that backed Hillary Clinton and strongly oppose Trump. Apple, Microsoft, Twitter, and Netflix decided to stand with these customers -- and with many of their employees. Companies outside Silicon Valley, however, didn't jump on the bandwagon. There was no angry statement from McDonald's or Walmart, which employ plenty of Muslims. Their management clearly saw no benefit in sticking its neck out on a matter as incendiary as Trump's border policy.  No one is boycotting them.  In a 2013 paper on anticipating, preventing and surviving secondary boycotts -- those in which a firm is punished for action that didn't directly damage the protesters -- Judith Schrempf and her collaborators from the University of Richmond suggested that a company's managers keep a list of issues that might cause a boycott and attempt to work out where the company should stand on those issues. Clearly, the Trump agenda is full of boycott-inducing issues, and a conscientious executive ought to go through the list and make some preemptive decisions. Kalanick's mistake was not identifying Trump's entry ban and the drivers' strike as a business-critical issue early enough. But perhaps making strong statements concerning Trump's divisive policies to stop the boycott is also a mistake -- a Russian entrepreneur would immediately see why. While boycotts are perhaps easier to organize than they used to be, what with social network pressure and the ease of deleting an app from a phone, the storm will likely blow over. On the other hand, voicing opposition to Trump could provoke lasting damage. Take Microsoft, which has come out strongly against Trump's entry ban by aiding a lawsuit to overturn it filed by Washington State's attorney general. It has just sold $17 billion worth of bonds to pay dividends and repurchase shares -- despite sitting on $123 billion in cash. Almost all of it sits in Microsoft's foreign subsidiaries to avoid paying U.S. taxes upon repatriation. Trump could move to force Microsoft, Apple and other tech companies to repatriate offshore cash on unfavorable terms, probably with broad public support behind him. The president could also wage war on the likes of Uber and Lyft, making them comply with labor market and taxi licensing laws. The same taxi drivers who rallied against his immigration policy would cheer him on. That the tech firms are unafraid of inviting retribution shows they've lived in a permissive political climate for too long. If Trump is at all like Putin, he will counterattack and the firms will either bend to his will -- as most did in Russia -- or face serious costs. Then, the majority of big U.S. companies that decided against making loud political statements will quietly congratulate themselves on their foresight. (Corrects reason for Uber boycott in first paragraph.) This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Leonid Bershidsky at lbershidsky@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Mike Nizza at mnizza3@bloomberg.net Facebook Twitter Email PrintComments Leonid Bershidsky is a Bloomberg View columnist. He was the founding editor of the Russian business daily Vedomosti and founded the opinion website Slon.ru. Read more @Bershidsky Most Popular Timothy L. O'Brien 'Trump Adviser' Is a Contradiction in Terms Megan McArdle Liberals Will Not Like How This Revenge Plot Ends Joe Nocera Trump Had One Good Idea. Then He Ditched It. Clive Crook I Gave Trump a Chance -- and Lost Joe Nocera Trump Wins by Losing a Court Fight Over Debt Editorial Board Trump's Chance to Act on Iran Leonid Bershidsky The Flare-Up in Ukraine Is Not Just About Putin View Contributors Mohamed A. El-Erian Noah Feldman Justin Fox Ramesh Ponnuru ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Terms of ServicePrivacy Policy
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login Plex for Alexa will get the party started with your voice The Wirecutter's best deals: Save $40 on a Samsung Gear 360 camera 'Rocket League' cars are the new hot wheels The Morning After: A newsletter a day keeps the FOMO at bay. Sign up now! Subscribe Latest in Science Researchers discover blood vessels in lab-grown mini-brains 10h ago View With new method, scientists find water on an exoplanet 12h ago View A breath monitor could soon be used to detect the flu 15h ago View SpaceX test fires the first Falcon 9 it landed on a barge 16h ago View Image credit: save Save share The Morning After: Wednesday February 1st, 2017 AI gambling, iPhone sales are up and fake news is out Richard Lawler, @Rjcc 02.01.17 in Gadgetry Comments 364 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Welcome to February, we're glad you made it... ...even if Beme and Asheron's Call didn't. In yesterday's news, we have Apple's latest earnings report (expect to hear from Facebook this afternoon) and that sketchy app Adoptly is as fake as it was outrageous. Be careful where you use itThat Apple/LG 5K monitor has a weird problem with routers The USB-C connected 27-inch LG Ultrafine 5K display is supposed to be a perfect match for Apple's new MacBook Pros, but it has an unusual weakness. LG confirmed reports that it shouldn't be placed within two meters or so of a wireless router, as that can make the display unstable or even unusable. There's no word yet on a possible fix, so keep that in mind before shelling out $974 for one. Is that a home button or a USB-C port?Samsung's Galaxy S8 isn't ready yet, but it has something to show at MWC 2017 All we really know so far is that thanks to the Galaxy Note 7 meltdown, we won't see a new Galaxy S phone at Mobile World Congress next month. Samsung is still inviting us to a press conference, with an image that appears to hint at a new Galaxy Tab. Whatever it is, we'll be there to check it out on February 26th. Bring a bot to the tableLibratus AI successfully out gambled world-class Texas Hold'em players Carnegie Mellon's "Libratus" AI took on Jason Les, Dong Kyu Kim, Daniel McAulay and Jimmy Chou in poker for 20 days and some 120,000 hands, and ultimately came out collectively ahead $1,766,250 in chips. Its creator, professor Tuomas Sandholm, said "This is the first time that AI has been able to beat the best humans at Heads-Up No-Limit Texas Hold'em. More generally, this shows that the best AI's ability to do strategic reasoning under imperfect information has surpassed that of the best humans." Alternative feedsFacebook tweaks the feed to bury fake news and clickbait After last year's fake news freakout, Facebook is getting serious about the issue. It's finally implementing changes that should lower the visibility of clickbait content and pages that beg for engagement. It's also tweaking the algorithm to respond faster in real-time, so a post about your favorite team's game-winning goal is more likely to appear right away. Apple, Google, Microsoft, Amazon, Facebook and Ford were already on the listMore tech CEOs speak out against Trump's immigration order Amazon. Evernote. Reddit. Y Combinator. The list of tech companies coming out vocally against Donald Trump's executive order temporarily cutting off US immigration and travel from seven majority-Muslim countries, and from refugees worldwide, keeps growing every time we look. They like itApple's iPhone sales increased for the first time in a year As the iPhone goes, so goes Apple's overall financial health. The good news, then, is that sales of its iPhone 7 family grew five percent compared to last year. Mac sales were also slightly up from last year with the introduction of new models. On the other hand, iPad sales continued a three-year slide, while revenue in its "other products" category that contains the Watch, TV, headphones and other items dropped from last year. If you can't beat 'em... change strategies? Walmart kills its Amazon Prime-style shipping service Now that former Jet.com CEO Marc Lore is running Walmart's e-commerce, it's cutting off the Amazon Prime-like ShippingPass beta. Instead, Walmart will promise free two-day shipping on all orders over $35, down from the previous threshold of $50. According to Lore, "In this day and age, two-day shipping is really just table stakes -- people shouldn't have to pay for it and certainly not a membership." Those battery cells aren't just for carsTesla Powerpacks are lighting up California's electrical grid Southern California Edison (SCE) teamed up with Tesla to bring one of the world's largest electron-storing solutions to life in less than six months. The 20-megawatt Mira Loma energy storage station in Ontario, California, is capable of powering up to 15,000 homes for four hours during peak times, or roughly 2,500 homes for an entire day. But wait, there's more... ACLU signs on with Y Combinator after $24 million donation Raybaby is a baby monitor that tracks your child's breathing The duo behind Pooper came back for more 'satire' with Adoptly We heard you like 'Elder Scrolls,' so we put some 'Elder Scrolls' (Morrowind) in your 'Elder Scrolls' (Online)The Morning After is a new daily newsletter from Engadget designed to help you fight off FOMO. Who knows what you'll miss if you don't subscribe. In this article: culture, entertainment, gadgetry, gadgets, gaming, gear, mobile, personal computing, personalcomputing, science, themorningafter 364 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 1h 1h ago in Cameras GoPro is planning to release a Hero 6 camera in 2017 The company showed a loss of $116 million in Q4 and hopes for a return to profitability this year. By R. Lawler,  1h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in Business John Carmack airs grievances over ZeniMax lawsuit on Facebook The Oculus CTO denied he stole ZeniMax tech and wiped his hard drive. By M. Moon,  3h ago save Save share View 5h 5h ago in Home Plex for Alexa will get the party started with your voice We really want to start calling it Plexa, though. By R. LeFebvre,  5h ago save Save share View 6h 6h ago in Politics Tesla CEO Elon Musk won't quit Trump's advisory council In contrast to Uber exec Travis Kalanick, he's sticking around. By R. Lawler,  6h ago save Save share View 6h 6h ago in Mobile Outlook for iOS gets better with third party app support Excuse me, Microsoft. You got some Trello in my Outlook. By S. Fogel,  6h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Companies Google Apple Google overtakes Apple as world's most valuable brand According to Brand Finance's annual report Lego is the most powerful brand on the globe. By Sarmistha Acharya February 1, 2017 09:10 GMT Google pushes Apple down to become world's most valuable brand Kimihiro Hoshino Google is now the world's most valuable brand with a value of $109bn (£87bn), replacing Apple which held sway for the last five years. According to the annual report on the world's most valuable brands – Global 500 for the year 2017 – by Brand Finance, an independent branded business valuation and strategy consultancy, Apple's brand value has fallen to 27% since early 2016 to $107bn. Google, on the other hand, remains unchallenged in its core search business, which is the primary source of its advertising income. Its ad revenues were up 20% last year. The desktop ad is comparatively more lucrative than mobile ads. Amazon is in third place, coming behind Google and Apple, with a brand value of 53%. The company is growing strongly as it continues to both reshape the retail market and capture a larger share of it. Amazon Fresh, the company's grocery service, is still limited in scale but this year it expanded operations overseas for the first time, to central and east London. Amazon said it would create 100,000 jobs in the US over the next 18 months. AT&T, Microsoft and Samsung are in fourth, fifth and sixth positions with a brand value of $87,016m, $7,265m and $66,219m respectively. Verizon, Walmart, Facebook and ICBC are a few of the bands that made it to the list of top 10 most valuable brands. Social media giant Facebook continues to climb the ranks following an 82% brand value growth, but it has been outdone by China's biggest tech brands such as Alibaba, WeChat and Tencent which have grown by 94%, 103% and 124% respectively. "There are probably 50 or 60 analysts that follow Apple," said David Haigh, the CEO of Brand Finance told the Telegraph. "Some are very bullish, some are very pessimistic. What drives our valuation is consensus. We are reflecting what the market says and the market consensus is that the prospects of future turnover are worse than they were last year or the year before," said Haigh. Along with the most valuable brands, the study also reveals the world's top 10 most powerful brands, which are awarded the top AAA+ brand rating based on Brand Finance's Brand Strength Index (BSI). According to Brand Finance, Lego is the most powerful brand in the world. Its success is primarily driven by the Lego Batman movie. In addition, its geographic expansion has also fuelled growth. Lego opened its first factory in China in 2014 and a new Asian head office in Shanghai. The second position for most powerful brands has again been grabbed by Google, with Nike coming in at third. More from IBTimes UK iPhone 7 sales leave Samsung behind as Apple posts highest quarterly revenue Sundar Pichai and Sergey Brin make stirring speeches as Google employees walk out to protest against Trump ban Apple missed deadline for €13bn tax payment to Ireland after landmark ruling Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close White House defends immigration order Columnists Cassandra Fairbanks “Yiannopoulos was censored at Berkeley by violent protests — the left is the hate it fears READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets takes place 1-2 March 2017 at... Snap IPO: All you need to know about Snapchat maker's Wall Street debut The company looks to raise $3bn from its initial public offering. Elon Musk says he will stay on Trump's advisory council for 'the greater good' Musk's statement came just hours after Uber's Travis Kalanick said he... UK defence secretary accuses Russia of 'weaponising' fake news to undermine Western democracy Sir Michael Fallon said Nato must improve its cyber capabilities in... Uber boss Travis Kalanick quits Trump's economic advisory council Kalanick took the decision following a customer backlash over Trump's... Rogue British spies who leak secrets could face 14-years in jail under Secrets Act shake-up UK Official Secrets Acts facing first independent scrutiny in 100... This is the new £135,000 Range Rover - but it's not what you think Jaguar Land Rover Classic restores Seventies three-door Range Rover... Instagram multi-photo posts: New album feature could be coming in the next update App version 10.7.0 hints at feature rollout on iOS and Android. Shocking video shows how 20 years of car crash tests have saved thousands of lives Video comparison shows how much safer cars have become since Euro... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Nation & World February 1, 2017 8:10 PM Judge orders mental exam for widow of club shooter FILE - In this June 12, 2016 file photo, law enforcement officials work at the Pulse gay nightclub in Orlando, Fla., following the a mass shooting. A federal judge in California declined Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, to release Noor Salman, the widow of Omar Mateen, who killed dozens of people at the nightclub, after prosecutors said she accompanied her husband on scouting trips for potential targets that included a Disney shopping complex. Chris O'Meara, File AP Photo i By PAUL ELIAS Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story OAKLAND, Calif. A federal judge in California declined Wednesday to release the widow of the man who killed dozens of people at a Florida nightclub after prosecutors said she accompanied her husband on scouting trips for potential targets that included a Disney shopping complex. U.S. Magistrate Judge Donna Ryu in Oakland said she wanted a psychiatric evaluation done of Noor Salman before deciding whether to release her from jail pending a trial on charges of supporting her husband's attack and then lying to investigators about it. Salmon, 31, has pleaded not guilty. Federal authorities arrested Salman last month at her mother's home in suburban San Francisco, where Salman moved with her 4-year-old son after her husband Omar Mateen killed 49 people and wounded 53 others on June 12 at the Pulse nightclub. Mateen pledged allegiance to several terror organizations during the attack before police shot and killed him. Federal prosecutor Sara Sweeney divulged some details of the allegations for the first time while arguing against the release of Salman. Sweeney said Mateen asked Salman whether attacking the Disney site would have a bigger impact than attacking a nightclub. In addition to accompanying her husband on scouting trips, Salman watched him leave their apartment with a gun and a backpack full of ammunition on the night of the shooting, Sweeney said. Authorities say Salman initially said she didn't know anything about the attack but later told investigators Mateen abused steroids, was "pumped up" on the night of the attack, and said "this is the one day" as he walked out the door, Sweeney said in court. "I knew when he left he was going to commit the attack," Sweeney said Salman told investigators. Sweeney also said the couple ran up $25,000 in credit card debt and spent $5,000 in cash in the days before the shooting. Among the purchases was an $8,000 diamond ring for Salman. In addition, Mateen and Salman made her the death beneficiary of his bank account. Salman's attorney Charles Swift said outside court that Salman made those statements without a lawyer present during an 18-hour interrogation immediately after the attack. He said he hasn't yet received a transcript or recording of Salman's interrogation to determine the context of her statements and accuracy of the allegations. Swift also pointed out that Mateen was a security guard and left the couple's home hundreds of times with a gun and ammunition. Swift argued that prosecutors were charging Salman with the crimes of her husband. Mateen physically abused Salman, he said, and never told her about his plans to carry out the killings. It was the first time Salman's legal team heard details of the allegations as well. "We frankly expected more," attorney Linda Moreno said outside court. Salman's mother and uncle have pledged to put up their homes as collateral to secure her release from jail pending trial. Federal prosecutors are seeking to transfer Salman to Florida to face the charges that could bring a sentence of life in prison. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Nation & World Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:55 'Cold-stunned' turtles come to the Florida Keys Pause 1:01 ATV rider in 'Bikes Up, Guns Down' rally caught by the cops 0:35 Not the Avon lady 0:28 Woman grabs and lifts woman after leaving Coral Gables bar 1:06 UC Berkeley protest forces cancellation of Breitbart editor's talk 0:41 Person detained after hotel incident in Miramar 0:50 Fort Worth police apprehend slithery suspect 1:45 Growing mushrooms near Oakdale 1:14 Why grow organic? 0:31 Video of possible great white shark swimming near Pismo Beach Pier Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 13 hours ago UC Berkeley protest forces cancellation of Breitbart editor's talk 1:06 13 hours ago UC Berkeley protest forces cancellation of Breitbart editor's talk 1:47 a day ago President Donald Trump's Guantánamo 2:42 2 days ago Colombia’s FARC begins journey out of the jungle View more video Nation & World In twist, Trump embraces pillars of Obama’s foreign policy on Israel, Russia and Iran GOP’s foreign policy elders worry Trump is causing permanent damage Missing the Obamas? A new clothing line is here with all your Barack-inspired apparel Nordstrom drops Ivanka Trump’s brand amid threats of boycott, citing declining sales Asian stocks mixed after Wall Street ends little changed Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Nevada Business Magazine The Decision Maker's Magazine Archives Archives Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 September 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 April 2000 February 2000 January 2000 December 1999 November 1999 Email Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Subscriptions Print Mobile App Email Features New This Month Past Issues (PDF) Cover Stories Feature Stories Industry Focus Building Nevada Special Reports ReD Report Press Release Wire Nevada Industries Departments A Matter of Opinion Around the State Ask the Expert Business Indicators Commentary Commercial RE Report Crossfire Face to Face Free Market Watch Inside Politics Power of Attorney Profit & Loss Speaking for Nevada Tech.knowledge.me The Last Word Vital Signs Planning Calendar Advertising Advertising Info Advertising Staff Submission Requirements Online Advertising Events NBM Events Calendar Contact Contact the Staff Contact Form Connect Business Directory Press Release Wire Event Calendar Submit Listing Post Press Release Add Your Event Sign Up Log In You are here: Home / Departments / Face to Face / Movers and Shakers: Matt Kershaw Movers and Shakers: Matt Kershaw February 1, 2017 By Nevada Business Mag Leave a Comment President & CEO Clark County Credit Union (65 years in NV) Type of Business: Credit Union | Hails from: Sandy, Utah | 11 years with company in Nevada | Based in: Las Vegas How did you first get into your profession? My friend’s dad worked at a bank and helped me find a job when I was going to college. What is your pet peeve? The gobbling up of successful small businesses by large competitors because of increased regulation. What do you want your legacy to be? As an organization we are true to our relationships by looking for solutions to provide our members/customers confidence and security. What is the best moment of your career? When I moved to Las Vegas after graduation and took my career the direction I wanted to go. What business advice would you give someone just starting in your industry? The future of banking is much more than deposits and loans. The success in this industry will be founded not just on how well you can adapt to competition from other financial institutions, but also non-traditional competition from online lenders to Walmart. If you could be any fictional character, who would you be and why? MacGyver. He worked toward a solution and was creative in the way he accomplished it. If you could have coined a single phrase of wisdom, what would it be? Always take the opportunity to do better than you did the last time. When you were a kid, what did you want to be? A banker, of course. What was the toughest lesson you’ve learned in your career? That the economy goes up and down! What is a little known fact about yourself? My wife and I are both the fourth of eight children. What is your motto? Work hard and treat people like I want to be treated. What is your favorite thing about living in Nevada? That Las Vegas is a big place with lots to do at any time, but also feels close and connected. Filed Under: Face to Face Tagged With: Clark County Credit Union, Las Vegas business, Matt Kershaw, Nevada business, Reno business Business Connection Login Sign Up Nevada News & PR Wire Evening of Hope, A Culinary Experience for Candlelighters Childhood Cancer Foundation of Nevada Nevada’s Safety Consultation and Training Section Awards PetersenDean Roofing and Solar with Safe Partner Award Nevada Rural Housing Authority Launches New Website Nevada REALTORS Helping Others While Honing Leadership Skills Romance Cruise for Valentine’s Day on Feb. 14 on Lake in MonteLago Village Lisa Escobar Design of Las Vegas Awarded Best Of Houzz 2017 Public Relations Society Of America Sierra Nevada Releases Statement Supporting Ethical Standards Design Experts Share Tips for Creating Stunning Spaces Chef Clint Jolly Leads Yucatan Flavors Cooking Class At Nothing To It Noble Studios Issues Call for Entries For 2017 Noble Deeds Donation NAIOP Southern Nevada Chapter Announces 2017 Board of Directors and Officers Grand Opening of New Goodwill Retail Store & Drive Thru Donation Center in Henderson Nevada’s Safety Consultation and Training Section Awards American Buildings Company with Top Safety Honor Nathan Adelson Hospice Announces Annual Prestigious ‘Flair for Care’ Fashion Show Fundraiser at Wynn Las Vegas Fisher Phillips LLP Elects David Dornak and Whit Selert as Partners CEO of Prism Global Management Group to Present 2017 Outlook, Business Planning Solutions The Honorable John J. Romero Jr. Appointed to the National Advisory Committee on the Sex Trafficking of Children and Youth in the U.S. Nevada’s Safety Consultation and Training Section Awards Helix Electric of Nevada with Top Safety Honor CSN President Presents College Outlook & Plans to Restructure Sandra Douglass Morgan of AT&T Nevada Appointed to JAG Nevada Board of Directors Nevada Builders Alliance Installs New Board, Hosts Annual Meeting Enliven Debuts in Southern Nevada Helping Youth with Early Psychosis WGU Nevada Announces New Scholarship Program for Southern Nevada Cybersecurity Alliance Members Dr. Robert A. Simon Elected to NCJFCJ Board of Directors From Water to Web: TMWA Debuts New Website From Noble Studios Nevada State Bank’s Janet Mello elected to Nevada Museum of Art Board of Trustees GLVAR-Lied Institute Survey Shows Local REALTORS® Growing More Confident in Health of Local Housing Market Heading into 2017 RSAR Releases 2016’s Year-End, Fourth Quarter and December Existing Home Sales Reports National Guard & Reserve Group Honors CSN Police Chief Nevada Rural Housing Authority Promotes Paulina Torres to Accountant Nevada Rural Housing Authority Hires Grant Brewer as Management Assistant Nevada Rural Housing Authority Hires Miguel Alvarez as Occupancy Specialist Nevada Rural Housing Authority Promotes Stacey Sept to Manager of Human Resources & Administration Newmark Grubb Knight Frank Works Out Another Lease at Mall at Grand Canyon Maupin • Naylor • Braster Expands Las Vegas Office Workforce Connections to host Business Engagement Panel on Cyber Security on January 18, 2017 Caron Named President Nevada Builders Alliance Board Of Directors, Barrett Joins Board Bob Mcfadden Estate Sale Features Extensive, Life-long Art Collection, Memorabilia Naqvi Injury Law Settles Denied Liability Claim for $730,000 With Overdose Death Rates on the Rise Westcare Expands Services Offering Over 180 Programs Nationwide 2017 Economic Forecast Event Set for Jan. 20 Jackie Naughton Joins The Private Bank by Nevada State Bank City National Signs 10-Year Lease Extension on its LV Regional Center and Unveils Additional Rooftop Signage Mark A. Krasner, CPA, Esq. Elected to NCJFCJ Board of Directors NGKF – Industrial Space Sold at Creekside Business Center Southern Nevada Home Sales Rose in 2016, Including During December Attorney Sonya Toma Joins Right Lawyers ASCAYAWelcomes Niya Rivera for January Art Installation Rachelle Crupi Promoted to President at Bank of Nevada Chef Clint Jolly Named Reno’s Top Food Story GLVAR Promotes Wendy DiVecchio to CEO Commercial Real Estate Market in Southern Nevada Ends 2016 on Upswing NGKF – Sale Completed at Craig Plaza UMC’s Healthy Living Institute Offers Wellness, Parenting and Senior Celebrations Education William S. Boyd School of Law Announces Winner of Waldo De Castroverde Immigration Scholarship Inman Announces Reno/Sparks Association of Realtors as the Newest Select Member Attorney David Markman Joins Lipson Neilson’s Las Vegas Office New Year’s Festivities at Lake Las Vegas Community – Fireworks, Cruise, Dining Specials, New Year’s Day Plunge and More JAG Nevada to Hold Career Clothing Drive for Students Nevada State Bank Names Ronald Griggs Vice President, Sales Manager for Its Call Center NGKF – New Business Looks to Blossom at Stephanie Promenade Former Chief Deputy District Attorney Craig Hendricks Joins De Castroverde Law Group NGKF – Stephanie Promenade Welcomes Bogarts Bone Appetit KPS3 Hires Vy Tat as Designer REALTOR Juli Thompson Joins Dickson Realty in the Graeagle Office Five Star Flattery Gets You Everywhere West, CEO Nevada Builders Alliance, Appointed to Governor’s Workforce Development Board NCJFCJ Announces $10.5 Million in Grants in 2016 to Improve Outcomes for Children and Families Chef Clint Jolly Teams up with St. Vincent’s Food Pantry, Reno Media Group Ageless Aviation Dreams Foundation Receives $5,000 Grant from Vital Life Foundation Give the Gift of a Job this Holiday Season with Goodwill Care Flight Awards Wings and Pins to Medical and Aviation Professionals Naqvi Injury Law Gives Helmets and Bicycles to Las Vegas Children – Fourth year firm has sponsored 98.5 KLUC Toy Drive to benefit HELP of Southern Nevada The Ride, New Premium Indoor Cycling Studio, Opens Today Western Nevada Supply Brings Christmas to 251 Boys & Girls Club Members Across State Naqvi Injury Law has Named Meghan Reed an Associate Attorney Record High Rise Sale at Panorama Towers for $5.75 Million by Shapiro & Sher Group Top Notch Distributors, Inc. Completes Expansion, Doubles Capacity Six Dickson Realty Agents Selected to Tahoe Sierra Board of Realtors Free Rowing Classes Through Lake Las Vegas Rowing Club in December NVAR Honors Nevada’s Top Realtors®, Including Dave Tina As Realtor® Of The Year RSAR Releases November 2016 Existing Home Sales Report MassMedia Wins Las Vegas Innovation Marketing Association Award for Best Email Program Las Vegas Stadium Authority Website Goes Live Nathan Adelson Hospice’s Pet Therapy Program Holds ‘6th Annual Dog Bed & Blanket Drive’ in Support of Local Animal Shelters During Winter Months Nevada Donor Network Promotes Kelli Little to Community Services Supervisor Open House for New Lake Las Vegas Sports Club on Dec. 9 MassMedia Collects 10,000 Pounds of Food for Valley’s Hungry Thousands of Santa Claus Look-a-Likes Fill Downtown Las Vegas to Support Opportunity Village Nevada Builders Alliance Women’s Council Awards Scholarships, Including First To Female In Construction Studies Southern Nevada Home Prices and Sales Increasing Heading into Holidays Desert Hope Treatment Center Announces New Facility Chief Executive Officer WGU Nevada Announces ‘Women in Leadership’ Scholarships Park Place Infiniti sponsors UMC’s “You Drink, You Drive, You Lose!” Dangers of drinking and driving on full display Colliers International – Las Vegas Welcomes Christopher Bentley as Executive Vice President Winter Car Seat and Crib Safety Tips Winter Art Show and Reception at New Lake Las Vegas Sports Club Coffee With CASA Enables People to Learn More About Becoming a CASA Volunteer GLVAR to Break Ground on New Headquarters Building Stephanie Kruse Endowment Scholarship Established at The Reynolds School, University of Nevada, Reno   Nevada Business Calendar Evening of Hope, A Culinary Experience Benefitting Candlelighters Kids with Cancer February 3, 2017 6:30 pm Location: 475 S. Grand Central Pkwy., Building B, 16th Floor, Las Vegas, NV 89106 More details... Nathan Adelson Hospice’s Pet Therapy Program Holds ‘6th Annual Dog Bed & Blanket Drive’ February 5, 2017 12:00 am More details... Nathan Adelson Hospice’s Pet Therapy Program Holds ‘6th Annual Dog Bed & Blanket Drive’ February 12, 2017 12:00 am More details... Nevada Business Directory Featured Businesses Find a Nevada-Based Business Submit Your Business Recent Issues February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 Nevada Industries Architects & Engineers Banking Commercial Real Estate Construction Credit Unions Education Healthcare Human Resources Insurance Law Manufacturing Philanthropy Residential Real Estate Tax Planning and Accounting Telecom Subscribe | Mobile App | E-mail Subscription | Features | Departments | Advertise | Events | Contact | LinkedIn | Facebook | Twitter Copyright © 2017, Business Link LLC dba Nevada Business Magazine and Nevada Business Journal. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions Nevada Web Design services by Nevada Central Media using Genesis Framework by StudioPress
Search Open Menu Gear The Holiday Gift Guide 2017 Winter Buyer's Guide 2016 Summer Buyer's Guide Gear Reviews Cycle Life Design and Tech The Edge Gear of the Day Gear Guy Gear Archive Sponsor ContentWatch Me Go Travel Best Towns National Parks Getaways Modern Nomad The Go List Travel Archive Sponsor ContentThe Northeast’s Winter Wonderland Sponsor ContentA Wicked Fun Winter Fitness Get in the Shape of Your Life Fit List In Stride Performance Plate Fitness Archive Adventure Adventure Sports Athletes Survival The Stream Adventure Archive Sponsor ContentAn Adventurer’s Guide to Dubai Culture Best Jobs Eat & Drink Raising Rippers Culture Archive Video Submit a Video Gear Videos Fitness Videos Adventure Videos How-To Videos Magazine Issue Archive Outside iPad App Features Outside Turns 40 Subscribe Print Edition Give a Gift Free Newsletters Everything Wrong with Peter Thiel’s Doomsday Survival Plan And how you can prepare for the apocalypse better than a billionaire By: Wes Siler Jan 30, 2017 Jan 30, 2017 Outside Magazine Share This Facebook Icon Share Twitter Icon Tweet Pinterest Icon Pinterest SMS Text Email Icon Email It's not quite a fuel-starved Australian outback, but Peter Thiel's plan to flee to a farm in rural New Zealand should modern society crumble nevertheless evokes images of Mel Gibson in "Mad Max."    Illustration: Wes Siler You know things are getting risky when billionaires start making plans to flee to New Zealand on the off chance civilization might collapse. This week's New Yorker details the doomsday survival plans of Peter Thiel, and other notable Silicon Valley tech moguls.  The thing is, despite their virtually unlimited budgets, none of these guys is doing it right. Here’s what you can learn from their mistakes. IndefinitelyWild IndefinitelyWild is a lifestyle column telling the story of adventure travel in the outdoors, the vehicles and gear that get us there, and the people we meet along the way. Follow us on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter. See the Archive→ “I think people who are particularly attuned to the levers by which society actually works understand that we are skating on really thin cultural ice right now,” Antonio García Martínez, a former Product Manager for Facebook, told the New Yorker. He went on to describe the survival preparations he was making on the private island he purchased in the Pacific Northwest for that purpose.  “If there is a civil war, or a giant earthquake that cleaves off part of California, we want to be ready,” Tim Chang, the managing director of a venture capital fund said. It’s emerged that Thiel himself has gone so far as to obtain New Zealand citizenship, thereby avoiding the country’s foreign ownership laws, and buying a farm there. Sotheby’s International Realty describes the property as a “spectacular 477-acre freehold estate set on the western shores of stunning Lake Wanaka…A most beautiful and picturesque farm, the property offers a secluded and peaceful setting but is just eight minutes' drive from the centre of Wanaka town centre. With Mt. Aspiring National Park, a World Heritage Area set in the foreground, Damper Bay provides an outstanding vista from the consented building platform.” The New Yorker goes on to suggest that “fifty-plus percent” of Silicon Valley billionaires own some sort of survival hideaway (even if it's just a remote vacation home that could serve double duty in the event of the apocalypse), and says that purchasing property in New Zealand has become a “wink, wink, say no more” acknowledgement that you’re making plans for doomsday. In the week following Donald Trump’s election, a record 13,401 Americans registered interest in gaining residency in that country.  Why New Zealand? Well, it’s a politically stable country that’s geographically isolated. What little population it has is mostly Western, and its mountainous terrain and distance from the equator largely shield it from the effects of climate change—and the rising sea levels it will bring. It’s also hard to get to, which is where we start the discussion of why it’s a bad place to plan to spend the apocalypse.  “What’s the percentage chance that Trump is actually a fascist dictator?” asks technology investor Justin Kan in the New Yorker story. “Maybe it’s low, but the expected value of having an escape hatch is pretty high.” If planning to survive everyday disasters like car crashes, mass shootings, or house fires is a case of preparing for extremely unlikely scenarios, then planning to survive an apocalyptic disaster like a nuclear war is all about preparing for a situation that, in all likelihood, will never happen. In fact, disasters on a scale large enough to wipe out a country the size of the U.S., or at least send it into chaos, have no modern precedent from which doomsday preppers can draw lessons. In the relatively short history of industrialized society, the poles have never reversed magnitude, the Mongols have never invaded, and we have yet to lob nuclear weapons at each other over ill-advised late night tweets. So preparing for the apocalypse is primarily a case of asking yourself, “What if?” What if The Big One destroys most of California? What if a comet hits Earth? What if hackers destroy the Internet, and global financial networks and governments with it? For Thiel and other billionaires, the answer to all those questions appears to be “Flee to New Zealand!”  Let’s continue those what ifs. What if the earthquake damages the airport where you keep your private jet? What if your pilot can’t get through traffic? What if he decides to fly his family to safety instead of his employer? What if the airport is out of fuel? What if John Cusack steals your plane, and your seat on the mega ship?  These guys are rich, so maybe the also have a boat or two. What if a tsunami caused by that earthquake sinks them? What if what turns out to be doomsday happens on the crew’s day off? What if you’re playing golf with your buddy Donald at the Winter White House, when he decides to push the big red button and your boats are all on the West Coast?  You get the point. Predicating survival scenarios on the successful execution of a complicated series of events is a recipe for failure. By their very nature, these big, hypothetical disasters would create chaos and undo societies. You won’t be able to rely on the lights turning on when you flip a switch anymore.  These big, hypothetical disasters are also, by their very nature, unpredictable. A powerful individual may assume the politicians he buys will be polite enough to give them advance warning of a pending disaster, thereby enabling them to flee in plenty of time. But, even if the political will is there, an event like a polar shift may come without warning. Thiel would be stuck dealing with nuclear fallout or marauding zombies just like us plebes.  Some of The Survival Condo's security staff and vehicles, in front of the main entrance.   Photo: The Survival Condo And the same goes for other, less exotic fixed location-based survival planning. The New Yorker also describes the Survival Condo Project, a former missile silo in Kansas that’s been turned into a doomsday retreat. Its 12 apartments are sold out, so construction is underway for more in another silo nearby. Its builders employ armed guards in the event that desperate-but-poor survivors may seek shelter there while paying guests are enjoying the underground pool. They’ve even installed a sniper position to deal with just that eventuality. But if we’re going to enter the fantasy realm of apocalypse scenarios, then it’s also logical to hypothesize about the villains that may emerge in those fantasy scenarios. Do you really think Immortan Joe and his War Boys would have trouble getting into a simple bunker protected by a single sniper post?  In more realistic circumstances, there are 21.8 million veterans in the U.S., with various levels of professional expertise in solving problems like bunker busting. Hell, there’s more guns than people in this country. Fixed locations are inherently vulnerable by their very nature, subject to siege, and allowing attackers to patiently plan ways to penetrate them. Any billionaire’s hoard of survival supplies will be a natural target following the breakdown of society. Keeping them secret will be a challenge too, when contractors have been paid to construct them, delivery men have carried the supplies in, and even the armed guards may decide their friends and families could use all those tins of spam a little more desperately than their paranoid employer.  New Zealand natives have intimated this might be the case for wealthy American’s seeking asylum there, too.  One rich silicon valley type acknowledges the inherent disparity Thiel and his billionaire prepper cohorts are creating here. “If I had a billion dollars, I wouldn’t buy a bunker,” Neurotrack CEO Elli Kaplan told the New Yorker. “I would reinvest in civil society and civil innovation. My view is you figure out even smarter ways to make sure that something terrible doesn’t happen.” Billionaires live in the same society we do, and are subject to the same cultural influences, and trends the rest of us are. Right now, survival is trendy. Particularly among people who like the idea of doing tough guy stuff, but don’t actually go out and do tough guy things. You get the feeling that doomsday prep is just a fun hobby, or mental puzzle for these dudes—one they’re able to indulge a little more than you or I might be able to. You buy a neon green tomahawk at Walmart just in case the zombies ever rise; Peter Thiel buys a 477-acre farm in New Zealand. Neither one will ever be used for its intended purpose.  Which brings me to my whole point here. Your neon green tomahawk was a waste of money. And unless he takes up sheep husbandry, so is Thiel’s New Zealand farm. There is a way to effectively prepare to survive the apocalypse, but it doesn’t involve bunkers, and it doesn’t involve plane rides to the southern hemisphere.  In the story, Reddit CEO Steve Huffman talks about that scene in "Deep Impact" where Elijah Wood rides a dirt bike through stalled traffic, escaping a comet-caused tsunami by the skin on his teeth. “I need to own a motorcycle because everybody else is screwed,” he Huffman says. He bought a few motorcycles as a result.  That’s a good start. Developing experience with a wide range of real-world capabilities is the key to effective survival preparation. Huffman lives in San Francisco, which has seen a handful of earthquakes snarl traffic. Having a motorcycle, and knowing what to do with it, would enable anyone to easily navigate disaster-caused traffic jams, and even damaged roads.  Another rich tech type talks about his distaste for firearms, and said he’s been taking archery lessons instead, suggesting his bow will help him protect his family. Another good idea, albeit one that seems a little restricted by pre-apocalyptic morals. Developing at least a basic competency with a variety of weapons won’t just enable you to be safe when you encounter them, and won’t just enable you to protect your family, it also gives you the capability you’d need to harvest food in the wilderness.  Both motorcycles and archery are skills that, if developed, could payoff big time in disasters large and small. Both are also fun hobbies. By spending time learning them, not only are you giving yourself something fun and practical to do, but you’re also working towards the kind of general real world competency that will make your life better both right now, and post-apocalypse.  Both motorcycles and archery are also hobbies that I enjoy. As a result, my fuel bill is small, I don’t spend time stuck in traffic, and I eat the healthiest, most ethically-sourced, and humane meat possible. And because I’ve invested the time and effort to get really good at both, they’re skills I can rely on under pressure. Are these guys good enough motorcyclists that they could safely ride through a panicked city? Are they good enough with a bow to reliably make a one-shot kill on a deer? With all that money, answering yes to both shouldn’t be a problem. And that’s where they should be spending their cash: not on building bunkers in New Zealand, but on gaining experience in real life.  Throughout the New Yorker piece, there’s an air of secrecy. No one wants to tell you exactly where their hideout is or what they’ve got stored in it. Well, I’m happy to share my doomsday survival plan. I spend my time developing fitness, recreating outdoors, and making stuff with my hands. I know I can navigate through the wilderness, because that’s just a fun weekend for me and my dog. I know I can set a broken arm, because I’ve set mine. I know I can build a house, because that used to be my job. And I don’t have to wait for the apocalypse for that stuff to pay off, those experiences give me a good life right now. Please, feel free to steal my survival plan. My roving band of cannibals will need competent recruits. That range of skills, and others, makes me a useful person. I stop and help people fix broken down cars. I help friends renovate their houses. My house is the gathering point post-disaster for everyone I know who doesn’t have cause to fear me. Know what will be in demand when society crumbles? It won’t be people who are really good at making money on the Internet. It will be people who can help rebuild it. Where will I live and how will I eat? It doesn’t matter, because I can do those things anywhere. Heck, if I run out of baby wipes, maybe I’ll just go take some of theirs.  Being a capable person has given me a post-apocalyptic flexibility Thiel and his buddies totally lack. They're making a Plan B for their current lives, but failing to make a Plan C. What if their bunkers are overrun? What if they can't get to them? If you're investing time and money preparing for an unlikely scenario, then it's probably worthwhile preparing for the likely ways that scenario will unfold. Given the unknowns, flexibility will be the ultimate capability when the world ends.  Survival doesn’t have to be just a dumb hobby you spend too much money on. By treating it as an excuse to learn how to do new stuff, it can give you a better life right now, too. Silicon Valley tech billionaires, it is not too late. There’s still time to learn real world skills before shit hits the fan.  Filed To: Indefinitely Wild, Survival, Celebrities Share This Share Tweet Pinterest Text Email More Adventure Subscribe to Outside Save 66% and get All-Access: Print + iPad State AA AE AL AK AP AS AZ AR CA CO CT DE DC FL GA GU HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MP MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA PR PW RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA VI WA WV WI WY Continue Our Mission To inspire active participation in the world outside through award-winning coverage of the sports, people, places, adventure, discoveries, health and fitness, gear and apparel, trends and events that make up an active lifestyle. Facebook Icon Twitter Icon Instagram Icon Pinterest Icon Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads Media Kit Subscriptions Newsletters RSS © 2017 Mariah Media Network LLC. Love Features? Get the Dispatch No political drivel. No fake news. Thank you! Submit
Switch to the mobile version of this page. East Bay Express Oakland, Berkeley, And East Bay News, Events, Restaurants, Music, & Arts Facebook Twitter Instagram Subscribe Home Search Your Profile News & Opinion Arts & Culture Food & Drink Movies Music Calendar Blogs Locations Special Reports EBX Web Services Browse Search Article Search Event Search Location Search Movie Search Best Of Search Member Search Video Search Search By Cover eBlast Search eDeals Search Browse Your Profile Login Create Account Browse News & Opinion Submit a Letter Story Archives Browse Arts & Culture Submit an Event Arts Listings Story Archives Browse Movies Times & Tickets Movie Theaters Story Archives Browse Food & Drink Restaurant Guide Nightclubs & Bars Food & Wine Listings Story Archives Browse Music Submit an Event Music Listings Nightclubs & Bars Story Archives Browse Blogs What the Fork Seven Days Culture Spy Legalization Nation Blog Archives Browse Locations Art Galleries Movie Theaters Museums Nightclubs & Bars Restaurant Guide Wineries Browse Calendar All Listings Staff Picks Music Listings Events & Attractions Museums & Galleries Theater & Dance Listings Lectures & Lit Listings Food & Wine Listings Other Listings Submit an Event Browse Special Reports Insider's Guide 2016 Holiday Guide 2015 Year in Review 2015 Taste, Fall 2016 Taste, Fall 2015 Taste, Spring 2016 Fall Arts 2015 Back to School 2015 Best Of Local Economy 2015 Summer Guide 2016 Summer Guide 2015 Sustainable Living 2015 Sustainable Living 2016 Taste, Spring 2015 Browse Classifieds Post an Ad Adult Bulletin Board Buy/Sell/Trade Community Employment Mind/Body/Spirit Music Xchange Rentals Real Estate Services Username / View Profile / Edit Profile / Log Out Log in / Create Account January 31, 2017 News & Opinion » Raising the Bar Time To #DeleteUber In Oakland  The company’s attempted sabotage of taxi drivers supporting immigrants should doom its move to Uptown. By Jay Youngdahl Email Tweet Print click to enlarge Time for Uber to complete construction of its building in Uptown — then sell it and move elsewhere. Last weekend, Americans continued their extraordinary resistance to the early days of the Donald Trump presidency. Enormous, and generally extemporaneous, outpourings of love erupted in support of immigrants. Yet standing with Trump against the people was Travis Kalanick and his company, Uber, which is developing a large corporate headquarters in Uptown Oakland in the old Sears building. Uber’s actions are contrary to the values of our town. We don’t need them in Oakland. They should sell the building. From Alabama and North Carolina to New York and California, people flocked to airports to express support for immigrants and those seeking to come to the United States, and to stand against Trump’s newly inked ban. The beautiful solidarity and resistance to his cruel acts may be the start of a new unified movement. Time will tell. But one thing is certain: This resistance is separating the wheat from the chaff among those like Uber, whose CEO claimed on Saturday to “stand up for what’s right.” Uber’s latest example of appalling action came in New York. There, unionized taxi drivers held a sympathy strike, as an “act of consciousness and solidarity,” according to Bhairavi Desai of the N.Y. Taxi Workers Alliance. For a short period drivers refused to take passengers to or from the international terminal at JFK airport. In a statement, the union, an affiliate of the national AFL-CIO, wrote that its nearly 20,000 members “stands firmly opposed to Donald Trump’s Muslim ban. As an organization whose membership is largely Muslim, a workforce that’s almost universally immigrant, and a work-class movement that is rooted in the defense of the oppressed, we say no to this inhumane and unconstitutional ban.” The N.Y. cabbies exhibited the kind of working-class strength that we often see at the Port of Oakland, where workers actively fight for their economic needs, as well as the political matters that affect our community. Port workers, for example, have held a number of work stoppages in solidarity with those confronting police brutality. This kind of melding of economics and politics at the workplace is historically one of the most powerful acts of resistance. In New York, the union encouraged drivers for Lyft and Uber to join in. But in response, Uber management decided to try and break the strike, tweeting out that they were reducing prices at JFK. As Desai from the union told Democracy Now, “Uber as a company sought to take advantage of our strike.” Uber’s action was anti-immigrant and strike-breaking, pure and simple. And Uber’s work to diminish and profit from the JFK strike came on the heels of Kalanick joining the Trump business advisory cabinet. When news broke of strikebreaking on top of its Trump embrace, the hashtag “#DeleteUber” began trending on Twitter. In response Uber’s PR department tried to flood Twitter with sponsored tweets claiming, in a true Orwellian sense, that they were “Standing Up for What is Right.” But it’s too late. Kalanick has already told employees that he wants to “partner” with President Trump. Uber’s “standing up for what’s right” includes active collaboration with Wal-Mart and others in Trump’s business-advisory group, which is helping the president work on “how governmental policy impacts economic growth, job creation and productivity.” Enough said. There are many reasons why Uber should not come to Oakland. This city, like others in the East Bay, is a laboratory for how to build a diverse, progressive community that thrives in a business-dominated country and a complicated world. Uber’s presence is sure to impede this people-centered movement. Uber’s values stand in opposition to ours. Many see this. This week, the group Tech Ladies canceled a diversity event with Uber, which was scheduled for March. In response to Kalanick’s embrace of Trump, founder Allison Esposito wrote of her group’s decision that it’s “dangerous to pretend that issues of bullying, sexual harassment, racism and sexism exist in a vacuum.” In our communities we abhor racism. Yet a recent study by the National Bureau of Economic Research found a “pattern of discrimination” from Uber, one in which Blacks are more likely to face longer waits as well as cancellations more than twice as frequently as whites. Here, we teach our kids not to be bullies. Oakland schools spend much time on anti-bullying programs. Yet bullying is part of Uber’s business model. Late last year, Uber thumbed its nose at California and San Francisco transportation authorities by putting driverless cars on S.F. streets as a test. It took a ferocious response from shocked state regulators to back them down. Such greedy arrogance does not need to be present in our city. We teach our kids to be honest. Yet Uber’s dishonesty is startling. A couple of years ago, Uber was claiming that the median New York driver made $90,766. It recently agreed to a $20 million fine from the Federal Trade Commission for its dishonesty. Uber of course did not admit to the charges. In the Bay Area, Uber has claimed in ads for drivers on Craigslist that they would make $29 an hour. The FTC found that fewer than 20 percent of local drivers earned that wage. Pay is so bad that many Uber drivers who try to make a living are being forced to sleep in their cars, according to a recent Bloomberg Technology investigation. We believe that jobs should support families, not impoverish them. Yet Uber is leading the attack against employee benefits — the very benefits necessary for working families trying to get by. Since the Great Depression, workers have had some protection from workplace injuries and job loss, because of programs such as workers’ and unemployment compensation. Uber, however, is stridently fighting those protections for its drivers, using legal fictions to claim each driver is a little company of their own. While recent reports show that Uber is losing hundreds of millions of dollars operationally, it earns millions by its refusal to pay these normal amounts as well as by forcing drivers to pay the employer portion of social security taxes. Uber should complete the construction of the Uptown building and sell it. The company does not respect the values and people of our town. We should not welcome them, either. Contact the author of this piece, send a letter to the editor, like us on Facebook, or follow us on Twitter. More Raising the Bar » Tags: Raising the Bar Major Paint-Manufacturing Corp…   Sort Oldest to Newest Newest to Oldest Most Liked Comments (18) Showing 1-18 of 18 Add a comment   Subscribe to this thread: By Email Subscribing… With RSS Showing 1-18 of 18 Comment Add a comment Anonymous and pseudonymous comments will be removed. Subscribe to this thread Latest in Raising the Bar To Stop Fake News, Liberals and Progressives Need to Kick the Fake-Talk Habit In 2017, all of us should pay more attention to the journalists who are calling out fake news and fake talk. by Jay Youngdahl Dec 20, 2016 More » Author Archives To Stop Fake News, Liberals and Progressives Need to Kick the Fake-Talk Habit In 2017, all of us should pay more attention to the journalists who are calling out fake news and fake talk. by Jay Youngdahl Dec 20, 2016 On Class, Race, Culture and the Anti-Trump Movement Battle lines are being drawn: between those who say Trump's win was about economics, and those who say it was about racial and cultural intolerance among white voters. by Jay Youngdahl Nov 29, 2016 More» Most Popular Stories Viewed Shared Commented Videos Police, City Clear Out 'The Village' Homeless Encampment in North Oakland The small community appeared on January 21 and housed sixteen people. Time To #DeleteUber In Oakland The company’s attempted sabotage of taxi drivers supporting immigrants should doom its move to Uptown. Architect Eugene Tssui Might Be the Most Interesting Man in the East Bay And he believes his ideas could save the planet. Major Paint-Manufacturing Corporations Still Owe Oakland More Than $100 Million Over Lead Sherwin-Williams, ConAgra, and NL Industries lost a $1.15 billion judgment to California cities in 2014. Two Highly Touted Oakland Charter Schools Quickly Closed, Now Owe the District Money Taking on the students will cost the Oakland Unified School District as much as several hundred-thousand dollars. Two Highly Touted Oakland Charter Schools Quickly Closed, Now Owe the District Money Taking on the students will cost the Oakland Unified School District as much as several hundred-thousand dollars. Time To #DeleteUber In Oakland The company’s attempted sabotage of taxi drivers supporting immigrants should doom its move to Uptown. Ambushed: Contra Costa County Law Enforcement Sets Up Surprise Stings To Help Federal Immigration Agents Arrest and Deport Immigrants "Local law enforcement should not be involved in these kinds of activities." Architect Eugene Tssui Might Be the Most Interesting Man in the East Bay And he believes his ideas could save the planet. Critics Say Oakland's Entertainment Permit Process Too Arduous, Contributes to Unsafe Spaces Like Ghost Ship After Ghost Ship, a renewed call to reform Oakland events permitting. San Francisco’s Entertainment Commission wants to help. Protest Trump's Inauguration in Oakland, But Please Don't Be Violent In less than two weeks, the people will fill Bay Area streets, reclaiming Dr. Martin Luther King's radical legacy. Comments (32) Time To #DeleteUber In Oakland The company’s attempted sabotage of taxi drivers supporting immigrants should doom its move to Uptown. Comments (18) Two Highly Touted Oakland Charter Schools Quickly Closed, Now Owe the District Money Taking on the students will cost the Oakland Unified School District as much as several hundred-thousand dollars. Comments (15) Ambushed: Contra Costa County Law Enforcement Sets Up Surprise Stings To Help Federal Immigration Agents Arrest and Deport Immigrants "Local law enforcement should not be involved in these kinds of activities." Comments (14) Critics Say Oakland's Entertainment Permit Process Too Arduous, Contributes to Unsafe Spaces Like Ghost Ship After Ghost Ship, a renewed call to reform Oakland events permitting. San Francisco’s Entertainment Commission wants to help. Comments (4) Silence: The Last Temptation of Martin Scorese Historical religious drama puts the director at cross purposes. Bobby Seale Discusses A History Of Resistance At Oakland Museum of California The event was less of a dialog, and more of an oral history of Seale's involvement in one of the most significant grassroots political organizations the United States has ever seen. Jim Jarmusch's Paterson By A Knockout Director comes full circle with a cozy family portrait. Matthew McConaughey Not Always Worth Watching (See: Gold) Given what he has to work with, McConaughey is in top form as a dreamer who doesn't mind getting dirty. Mike Mills’ 20th Century Women Has More On Its Mind Than Laughs Not exactly That '70s Show. News Blogs Seven Days - February 2, 10:33 AM Oakland Planning Commission Approves 'Mammoth' Tower Next to MacArthur BART Seven Days - February 2, 9:29 AM Trump Threatens UC Berkeley's Federal Funding After Milo Yiannopoulos Protest Seven Days - January 31, 12:16 PM 'Sanctuary State' Bill Moves Forward in California Senate Seven Days - January 30, 5:47 PM Oakland Asks Judge to Throw Out Coal Lawsuit Seven Days - January 30, 7:58 AM Town Business: Oakland City Council Fights Trump Immigration Ban; Police Monitor Contracts Come Back; 2017-19 City Budget More from the Blogs Special Reports Holiday Guide 2016 A guide to this holiday season's gifts, outings, eats, and more. By Luke Tsai, Jody Colley, Darwin BondGraham, Lou Fancher, Sarah Burke, Nick Miller, Eda Yu, Winston Cho, H. Graph Massara, Pilar Reyes, Shajia Abidi and Ngaio Bealum Taste, Fall 2016 Everything you need to know about dining in and out in the East Bay. By Thien Pham, Luke Tsai, Cynthia Salaysay, Nick Miller, Jasmine Guillory, Eda Yu and Pilar Reyes Recent Issues Jan 25, 2017 Jan 18, 2017 Jan 11, 2017 Jan 4, 2017 Dec 28, 2016 Dec 21, 2016 More Issues Best of the East Bay 2016 Intro Readers' Poll Winners Arts & Culture Goods & Services Food & Drink OTHER YEARS 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 About Us Advertise National Advertising Staff Jobs Newsletters & eLerts Privacy Policy Terms of Use Report a Problem RSS Contact Us Site Map Your Profile Check Out Food, Music and Arts in Other Cities © 2017 East Bay Express    All Rights Reserved Powered by Foundation
Trending Jan 31 › BSU talks race relations, unity in America » Jan 31 › RHA to bring Hawaii to Erie » Jan 31 › ‘Navigate your wellness’ at 13th annual Wellness Fair » Jan 24 › ‘Culture and Climate Change’ series continues » Jan 24 › Inauguration viewing held; professors discuss » Jan 24 › Gannon hosts reindeer experts » Jan 17 › Our West Bayfront names new director, receives grant » Jan 17 › Gannon, Erie community celebrate MLK Day » Jan 17 › Grant to establish environmental center » Jan 17 › SCA director gone after one semester » Twitter Facebook MENU Home News Knightly News Features AlumKnights Opinion Kyle Joseph Brandon Jaces Kelsey Ghering Knight Vision Olivia Burger Samantha Griswold Harlee Boehm Lydia Fennessy Arts & Leisure Sports Baseball Cross Country Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Men’s Basketball Men’s Soccer Softball Swimming Volleyball Water Polo Women’s Basketball Women’s Soccer Wrestling Blogs Finding God on Gannon’s Campus Surprise: I’m not a vegetarian Jan 31 • Kelsey Ghering, Opinion • 75 by By KELSEY GHERING editor-in-chief I don’t know if it’s my short hair or thrift store wardrobe, but some of my co-workers at the Writing Center told me I look like a vegetarian Thursday. What does that even mean? Apparently I didn’t get the memo a person’s appearance is the best indicator of his/her diet. Not that I haven’t been guilty of this myself, retweeting jokes about vegans and their cruelty-free lifestyles. Call me crass, but I think it’s cruel to deprive oneself of cheese. Still, I don’t think it’s fair to judge someone based on his or her diet. Unless you have some bad habit like the boy my brother roomed with at basketball camp who insisted on topping his Fritos chips with ABC cheese – that stuff’s nasty. And in all honesty Nate and Steveo, I thought it was funny you’d pin me down as a vegetarian. Because I hate cooking meat for one person. But, the sad truth remains I am not a vegetarian. I probably eat more chicken than a white meat expert would allow and I make a mean modified version of my great grandma’s meatballs. (Substitute the breadcrumbs for real bread — preferably stale — thank me later.) Most Tuesday nights, we order pizza for The Gannon Knight staff and I’m often occupied with a slice of Porky’s bacon chicken ranch — food of the gods. But what are you supposed to eat when you can’t order Porky’s and you’re stuck with a college budget? One of the most college “vegetarian” staples I turn to is black beans and rice. Steam your rice. Top with a can of beans and Frank’s red hot. No, it’s not anything a sane person would order at a restaurant or probably cook for themselves, but it’s a lot faster than making a whole pot of jambalaya for yourself. And it’s cheap – 79 cents for a can of beans and probably $3.99 for a large box of rice at Wal-Mart. And if you’re feeling more festive than beans and rice alone, you can add stir-fried vegetables and cheese. Glorious cheese. A good Italian variation of the beans and rice staple is cannellini beans, canned or fresh tomatoes, sautéed spinach and leftover meatballs. Unfortunately, you probably need a real stove to cook these sort of dishes, but you can do rice in the microwave. Try the Uncle Ben’s that steams in the bag and heat up your beans in a microwave-safe bowl if that’s all resources allow you. Having a kitchen to share with my roommates for the past three years has allowed me to cook things beyond the John Ghering toss-it-and-forget-it casserole. As much as I hate to admit to myself, I enjoy the mundane work of the kitchen. Washing dishes is one of the most ideal busywork tasks where you can let your mind wander and forget about the rest of the world. Cooking, on the other hand, is a little more exciting because it’s a creative process where you can be part of something new. Or not. Since I found a strong foundation in beans and rice, the only thing left to do is find a version that Jason likes. If I could just find an adaptation that includes chicken and biscuits, I’d be set. KELSEY GHERING ghering001@knights.gannon.edu   by Comments comments cheesecookingKelsey GheringVegetarian Related Posts Jan 25 • Stop pretending to be a hobbit Jan 24 • Inauguration viewing held; professors discuss Jan 17 • Our West Bayfront names new director, receives grant 0 comments   Get Livefyre FAQ Sign in + Follow Post comment   Link Newest | Oldest « Youth Dance Clinic Has Trump never heard of First Amendment? » TGK on Facebook Popular Articles Netflix’s ‘Black Mirror’ a hypocritical hit Twenty One Pilots plays Pittsburgh Play your heart out Guys speak out on styles they like women to wear Finding God on Gannon’s campus: Writer discovers beauty of God’s creation in gross anatomy lab Sections News Opinion Features Sports Archive Student Resources EngageU SGA Website Gannon University myGannon GUxpress Event Calendar Home About Us Staff The Gannon Knight Archives Comment Policy Contact News Opinion Features Sports Archive Twitter Facebook © 2017 The Gannon Knight | Gannon University's student-produced newspaper since 1946 Google+
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Facebook Twitter Google Plus हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Home News Business Stock Mutual Funds NRI EPF Classroom Latest Articles How To Aadhaar PPF Income Tax Personal Finance Investments Planning Taxes Insurance Spending Mutual Fund Daily Gainers Daily Losers Recent Dividends Open New Fund Offers Forthcoming Issues Closed New Fund Offers Reliance Mutual Funds SBI Mutual Funds HDFC Mutual Funds Birla Mutual Funds ICICI Mutual Funds Axis Mutual Funds Sundaram Mutual Funds IDFC Mutual Funds Tata Mutual Funds Stocks BSE NSE Gainers and Losers Volume Toppers Advances and Declines Bulk Deals Block Deals IPO World Indices ADR GDR Listings Sector Watch BSE Sector Watch NSE Company Axis Bank Bajaj Auto Ltd Bharti Airtel Ltd HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hindustan Unilever Ltd. ICICI Bank Infosys ITC Larsen Maruti Suzuki NTPC Ltd Reliance Industries Ltd State Bank of India Tata Motors Ltd Tata Steel Ltd Wipro Ltd Gold / Silver Rates GOLD Gold Rate in Chennai Gold Rate in Mumbai Gold Rate in Delhi Gold Rate in Kolkata Gold Rate in Bengaluru Gold Rate in Hyderabad Gold Rate in Coimbatore Gold Rate in Madurai Gold Rate in Vijayawada Gold Rate in Patna Gold Rate in Nagpur Gold Rate in Chandigarh Gold Rate in Surat Gold Rate in Bhubaneswar Gold Rate in Mangalore Gold Rate in Vizag Gold Rate in Nashik Gold Rate in Mysore Gold Rate in Kerala Gold Rate in Pune Gold Rate in Vadodara Gold Rate in Ahmedabad Gold Rate in Jaipur Gold Rate in Lucknow Silver Silver Rate in Chennai Silver Rate in Mumbai Silver Rate in Delhi Silver Rate in Kolkata Silver Rate in Bengaluru Silver Rate in Hyderabad Silver Rate in Coimbatore Silver Rate in Madurai Silver Rate in Vijayawada Silver Rate in Patna Silver Rate in Nagpur Silver Rate in Chandigarh Silver Rate in Surat Silver Rate in Bhubaneswar Silver Rate in Mangalore Silver Rate in Vizag Silver Rate in Nashik Silver Rate in Mysore Silver Rate in Kerala Silver Rate in Pune Silver Rate in Vadodara Silver Rate in Ahmedabad Silver Rate in Jaipur Silver Rate in Lucknow Latest Gold Articles Latest Silver Articles Bank Bank IFSC SBI IFSC Code PNB IFSC Code CANARA IFSC Code HDFC IFSC Code BOB IFSC Code BOI IFSC Code CBIN IFSC Code ICICI IFSC Code AXIS BANK IFSC Code SYNB IFSC Code ALLAHABAD IFSC Code ANDRA BANK IFSC Code UBIN IFSC Code IOBA IFSC Code UCO BANK IFSC Code INDIAN BANK IFSC Code INDUS BANK IFSC Code HSBC IFSC Code CITY BANK IFSC Code IDBI BANK IFSC Code INGVYSYA BANK IFSC Code KOTAK BANK IFSC Code YES BANK IFSC Code CORP. BANK IFSC Code Bank Holidays Bank Holidays in Karnataka Bank Holidays in Tamil Nadu Bank Holidays in Kerala Bank Holidays in Telangana Bank Holidays in AP Bank Holidays in UP Bank Holidays in MP Bank Holidays in Delhi NCR Bank Holidays in Bihar Bank Holidays in Maharashtra Bank Holidays in Rajasthan Bank Holidays in Haryana Bank Holidays in West Bengal Bank Holidays in Jharkhand Bank Hoildays in Assam Bank Holidays in Odisha Bank Holidays in Gujarat Bank Holidays in Panjab Bank Interest Rate Bank FD Interest Rate Bank RD Interest Rate Calculators Bank FD Calculator Bank RD Calculator Currency INR - Indian Rupee INR to USD INR to EUR INR to GBP INR to Dirham INR to Saudi Riyal INR to Qatari Riyal INR to CAD INR to ZAR INR to JPY INR to AUD INR to MYR INR to CHF INR to SGD INR to ARS INR to AWG INR to BAM INR to BBD INR to BDT INR to BGN INR to BHD INR to BMD INR to BOB INR to BRL INR to BSD USD - US Dollars USD to INR USD to EUR USD to GBP USD to Dirham USD to Saudi Riyal USD to Qatari Riyal USD to CAD USD to ZAR USD to JPY USD to AUD USD to MYR USD to CHF USD to SGD USD to ARS USD to AWG USD to BAM USD to BBD USD to BDT USD to BGN USD to BHD USD to BMD USD to BOB USD to BRL USD to BSD EUR - Euro EUR to INR EUR to USD EUR to GBP EUR to Dirham EUR to Saudi Riyal EUR to Qatari Riyal EUR to CAD EUR to ZAR EUR to JPY EUR to AUD EUR to MYR EUR to CHF EUR to SGD EUR to ARS EUR to AWG EUR to BAM EUR to BBD EUR to BDT EUR to BGN EUR to BHD EUR to BMD EUR to BOB EUR to BRL EUR to BSD AED - Dirham AED to INR AED to USD AED to GBP AED to EUR AED to Saudi Riyal AED to Qatari Riyal AED to CAD AED to ZAR AED to JPY AED to AUD AED to MYR AED to CHF AED to SGD AED to ARS AED to AWG AED to BAM AED to BBD AED to BDT AED to BGN AED to BHD AED to BMD AED to BOB AED to BRL AED to BSD Saudi Riyal SAR to INR SAR to USD SAR to GBP SAR to EUR SAR to AED SAR to Qatari Riyal SAR to CAD SAR to ZAR SAR to JPY SAR to AUD SAR to MYR SAR to CHF SAR to SGD SAR to ARS SAR to AWG SAR to BAM SAR to BBD SAR to BDT SAR to BGN SAR to BHD SAR to BMD SAR to BOB SAR to BRL SAR to BSD Buy Insurance Home » Personal Finance » Investment »Best Small Stocks Under Rs 100 To Buy In India Best Small Stocks Under Rs 100 To Buy In India Here are a list of best small cap stocks that are priced under Rs 100. Posted By: Sunil Fernandes Published: Wednesday, January 11, 2017, 6:23 [IST] Subscribe to GoodReturns Markets are now trading at valuations that are pretty fair. There are many stocks that have now risen to levels that are pretty high. We have identified select stocks that are under Rs 100 and have the potential to rally from here. South Indian Bank If you are looking to bet on a smaller sized bank, it would be a good idea to put your money on South Indian Bank. The stock at Rs 21, has the potential to rally. At a time when most banks are seeing a lot of stressed assets, the situation is not too bad for South Indian Bank. The bank reported gross non performing assets of 3.96 for the quarter ending Sept 30, 2016. This is not as bad as it seems. In fact, the non performing assets were flat, when compared to the previous quarter which is good news. The bank has a small equity capital of Rs 135 crores. Valuations of South Indian Bank The bank reported an EPS of 0.82 for the quarter ending Sept 2016. It is highly possible if the economic situation improves in the next few quarters, the bank can report an EPS of Rs 3.5 for the full year. This means the stocks is available at a price to earnings ratio of just about 6 times. The stock is highly undervalued at the current levels. The stock also gives a good dividend yield of around 2.38 per cent. The shares are a good buy at the current levels. Check stock quote here Sintex Industries This is another stock under Rs 100, that could be a worthy fit in most portfolios. Sintex is one of the largest producers of plastic water tankers in the world with a solid brand equity. However, today the company is well diversified into a host of products. Among these include prefab for construction and housing, a textile division, which is also showing very high growth. Not very expensive Shares of Sintex are not too expensive at the current levels. In fact, the company had an exceptional performance for the quarter ending Sept 30, 2016, wherein it reported very good earnings. The EPS for the period was a solid Rs 3.58. If the company keeps up the same momentum it can report an EPS of Rs 14 for the full year. The stock at Rs 84, is trading at a p/e of just 6 times. The stock is also trading below its book value of Rs 99. This makes it an excellent pick at the current levels . Welspun India Until recently, the stock of Welspun India was consistently trading above Rs 100, however, after reports that Target Corporation had severed ties with the company for substituting cheaper cotton variety instead of Egyptian cotton in bedsheets, the stock dropped sharply from levels of Rs 107, the stock is now below Rs 100, which makes it an attractive buy. The company is one of the largest manufacturers of terry towels and is Ranked 1st among Home Textile Suppliers in the US. it supplies to every top manufacturers from Walmart to J C Penney. Fundamentals Fundamentally the stock is pretty reasonably valued at the current levels. We believe that despite the loss of order from Target Corporation it can still report an EPS of Rs 6 for 2017-18. Hence, at the current market price of Rs 84, it is not a bad bet. Federal Bank This is another bank like South Indian Bank that may not really be a bad bet, if one is ready to have some patience. The stock is likely to boast a decent set of results in the coming quarters. For example, the stock is available at a price to earnings multiple, which is not very expensive. We believe that for 2016-17, the bank can report an EPS of Rs 10 on a very conservative estimates. At the current price of Rs 68, the stock is trading at a p/e of just about 7 times, one year forwards earnings. The stock can be bought if one has a long term perspective in mind. Economic recovery may push the stock to greater heights in the coming days. Disclaimer The article is not a solicitation to buy, sell in securities or other financial instruments. Greynium Information Technologies Pvt Ltd, its subsidiaries, associates and the author do not accept culpability for losses and/or damages arising based on information in this article. The author and his family do not own any shares in the above mentioned stocks. Read more about: small cap stocks Other articles published on Jan 11, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Union Budget 2017: Live Updates TCS, Infosys Shares Slump On Reports Of H1 B Visa Holders Salary Hike Big Relief: RBI To Lift Withdrawal Limits From ATMs Featured Posts Company Search Equity Mutual fund Enter the first few characters of the company's name or the NSE symbol or BSE code and click 'Go' Boost your returns from our latest financial news and tips! हिन्दी पढ़ें H-1B वीजा से जुड़ी हर बात जो आप जानना चाहते हैं WOW! जेट, स्पाइस और एयर इंडिया का फेयर सेल ₹999 से शुरु मार्केट अपडेट: 4 महीन के उच्च स्तर पर सेंसेक्स '7.1 रह सकती है भारत की जीडीपी' hindi.goodreturns.in» ಕನ್ನಡ ಭಾರತದ ಇಂದಿನ ಚಿನ್ನ ಮತ್ತು ಬೆಳ್ಳಿ ದರ ಬೆಂಗಳೂರಿನಲ್ಲಿ ಆಪಲ್ ಐಫೋನ್ ತಯಾರಿಕಾ ಘಟಕ! ಪೋಸ್ಟ್ ಆಫೀಸ್ ನಲ್ಲಿ ನಿಮ್ಮ ಖಾತೆ ಇದೆಯೇ? ಇಲ್ಲಿ ನೋಡಿ... ಕೈಗೆಟುಕುವ ದರದಲ್ಲಿ ಮನೆ ನಿರ್ಮಾಣ ಈಗ ಬಲು ಸುಲಭ kannada.goodreturns.in» മലയാളം 'ഓയോ' റൂംസിനെ കുറിച്ച് കേട്ടിട്ടുണ്ടോ? മുതിര്‍ന്ന പൗരന്‍മാര്‍ക്ക് എല്‍ഐസി വഴി പെന്‍ഷന്‍ എന്തുകൊണ്ടാണ് ഇന്ത്യാക്കാര്‍ക്ക് ടാക്‌സ് അടയ്ക്കാന്‍ വിമുഖത? സ്വര്‍ണ്ണം വാങ്ങാനും പാന്‍ കാര്‍ഡ് നിര്‍ബന്ധം malayalam.goodreturns.in» தமிழ் ஏர்செல் மீது தொடர் வழக்குகள்.. கேள்விக்குறியான ஆர்காம் ஒப்பந்தம்..? இந்தியாவில் ஐபோன் விலை பாதியாகக் குறையும்.. என்ன காரணம்..? மாறன் சகோதரர்கள் விடுதலையால் சன் நெட்வோர்க் பங்குகள் தடாலடி உயர்வு..! சென்னையில் இன்று தங்கம் விலை சவரனுக்கு 32 ரூபாய் குறைந்தது..! tamil.goodreturns.in» తెలుగు ట‌ర్మ్ పాల‌సీ గురించి త‌ప్ప‌క తెలుసుకోవాల్సిన 7 అంశాలు గురువారం లాభాల్లో ముగిసిన సెన్సెక్స్‌ చిన్న ప‌రిశ్ర‌మ‌ల‌కు పెద్ద ఊర‌ట‌నిచ్చిన బ‌డ్జెట్‌ కార్లు కొంటున్నార‌ట‌... మ‌రి ప‌న్నులు మాత్రం క‌ట్ట‌రంట‌! telugu.goodreturns.in» Subscribe now to get personal finance updates in your inbox! Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou Slu NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 27° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy skies. High 34F. Winds NNW at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight A few clouds overnight. Low 22F. Winds light and variable. Updated: February 3, 2017 @ 1:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell The Platform Close David Carson Sheena Greitens and her husband Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens are introduced to the crowd during the Inaugural Ball at the State Capital in Jefferson City on Monday, Jan. 10, 2017. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Editorial: Lead by example, Gov. Greitens. Show us the money. By the Editorial Board Jan 31, 2017 (…) David Carson Sheena Greitens and her husband Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens are introduced to the crowd during the Inaugural Ball at the State Capital in Jefferson City on Monday, Jan. 10, 2017. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Gov. Eric Greitens got off to a strong start on his campaign promise to clean up Missouri government, signing an executive order banning lobbyists’ gifts for executive-branch employees and barring anyone who works for him from using the revolving door to come back as a lobbyist. He even said in his first executive order that “this administration will lead by example in order to fundamentally change the culture in Jefferson City and throughout all of state government.” Note those key words: Lead by example. Polls show Missourians favor ethics reform and are eager to change the party culture in Jefferson City. What’s troubling is that Greitens apparently wants to apply this standard to everyone but himself. The Kansas City Star reported Friday that he has refused to say how much money was raised for his inaugural celebration or to list all donors and amounts they contributed. Greitens, who was sworn in Jan. 9, formed a nonprofit corporation to solicit contributions for the inauguration. Nonprofits organized as 501(c)(4) social welfare organizations are not required to disclose donors or comply with recent campaign donation limits. The last governor who did that was Bob Holden, a Democrat, whose $1 million inaugural in 2001 was the most expensive on record. Holden later made his fundraising details public. Democrat Jay Nixon and Republican Matt Blunt each spent less than $250,000 on their inaugurations and paid for them with campaign committee funds. Greitens’ inauguration was more elaborate, including a performance by country music star Sara Evans. He replaced the traditional parade with ceremonies honoring fallen veterans and first responders. Seated on the stage was controversial Silicon Valley investor Michael Goguen, who gave Greitens’ campaign $1 million. Goguen was forced to step down from his job at the venture capital firm Sequoia Capital after a woman sued him alleging he abused her during a 13-year relationship. He denies the allegations. Greitens, a Republican who campaigned as a political outsider determined to root out “corrupt, career politicians,” says nearly 100 “benefactors” contributed to his celebration. Among them were Anheuser-Busch, Boeing, Centene, Enterprise, Express Scripts, Kansas City Power & Light, Kansas City Southern, Monsanto, Pfizer, Wal-Mart and Uber — major companies with important pending business before the Legislature. Legislation affecting them, if passed, would make its way to Greitens to either sign or veto. Uber, a California-based ride-sharing company, is pushing legislation for the second time that would exempt the company from local and municipal taxes and potentially allow it to expand statewide. Missourians need to know who’s pulling the strings — not just in the Legislature but in Greitens’ office as well. Transparency is the only way Missourians can tell whether potential conflicts of interest exist. And whether Greitens truly leads by example or simply talks the talk. Editorial: Eric Greitens condemns backroom dealers, then hides in a back room Gov.-elect Eric Greitens issued a statement condemning St. Louis officials for “backroom wheeling and dealing” regarding public financing of a proposed soccer stadium. He talks about the need for open government. Yet when it comes to sharing the most basic information about his own transition plans, Greitens is a closed book. Tags Eric Greitens Michael Goguen The Kansas City Star Inauguration Ceremony Ethics Reform Politics Institutes View (…) comments Opinion Features Read Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor How to submit an opinion article (op-ed) From the Post-Dispatch's archives Found on St. Louis Post Dispatch powered by Newspapers.com Follow the Platform Most popular Washington University dean of students indicted on child pornography charge Dairy Queen manager charged after Missouri teen's suicide Rapper killed in shooting outside downtown St. Louis Hooters 35 years ago • Monster 1982 snowfall began as a rainstorm Emboldened by Trump, some police unions seek to overhaul Obama’s reforms Latest in section Editorial: An embarrassing assault on science that's doomed to fail Editorial: Centene expansion plan isn't new. Why are some Clayton residents just waking up to it? Robberson: Heroes and patriots who now are being told to go home Editorial: The Gorsuch nomination proves partisanship pays -- if you have the votes Editorial: Welcome regional consideration of the St. Louis Zoo's future Quick links Aisha Sultan Bill McClellan Current Affairs Kevin Horrigan Pat Gauen Tony Messenger You could see the Eli Young Band at Ballpark Village! Nominations for the 2017 awards are now open Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
JWC Media Explore more of our great network. Explore more sites. DailyNorthShore Evanston Magazine Country Magazine Forest Bluff Magazine Hinsdale Living Magazine Sheridan Road Magazine Top Ad Your Town Deerfield Glencoe Glenview Highland Park Kenilworth Lake Forest & Lake Bluff Northbrook Northfield Wilmette Winnetka News Schools Police & Fire Obituaries All Stories Features People Sunday Breakfast North Shore Foodie Cartoons All Features Social & Calendar Social Calendar Submit Event Comments & Opinions Comments policy Comments Opinion Sports Sports Features Scoreboard Watching Sports Recaps Sportsfolio Inside The Press Box Youth Sports All Sports Real Estate & Open Houses Real Estate Open Houses North Shore Weekend Hey! Sign up for the Daily North Shore Email 2 Arrested in Financial Crime Ring by Steve Sadin • January 31, 2017 Leave a Comment GLENVIEW — Two Glenview residents were arrested on charges of continuing financial crime enterprise for stealing merchandise from retailers and reselling it, according to Glenview Police Sgt. James Foley. Jane Kang, 26, and Nate Barker, 33, of the 3200 block of West Lake Ave. in Glenview, were arrested on January 26 after an investigation by the Glenview Police Department, according to Glenview Police reports. Foley said continuing financial crime enterprise is a charge used when offenders make crime their business. “They were committing retail theft. They did it like it was their job,” said Foley. “They stole things from stores and sold them.” Barker and Kang allegedly took items from retailers such as tools and electronics, according to Foley. Monalinda Saldivar, an assistant chief deputy clerk in the office of the Clerk of the Circuit Court of Cook County, said Dick’s Sporting Goods in Glenview was a target and that Kang also allegedly stole from Walmart in Mt. Prospect. Between January 5 and January 17, Barker and Kang allegedly took three or more items from Dick’s Sporting Goods “with the intent to deprive the store of the merchandise,” according to Saldivar. Kang was also arrested on a charge of felony retail theft, according to Tandra Simonton, a spokesperson for the Cook County State’s Attorney’s office. Simonton said the crime enterprise charge is a Class 1 Felony while the retail theft charge is Class 4. Both defendants remain in Cook County Jail unable to post the cash portion of a $25,000 bond, according to jail records. They are scheduled to next appear in Cook County Criminal Court Feb. 16. If convicted of the financial crime enterprise charge, Kang and Barker could each face between four and 15 years in prison, according to Simonton. The retail theft charge carries a sentence between one and three years. Jane Kang. Photo courtesy of Glenview Police Department. Nathan Barker. Photo courtesy of Glenview Police Department. « Previous Post Next Post » Mobile ad container – below post Today’s top Stories Safe Landing: Synagogue Refugee... Written by Emily Spectre February 02 2017 Refugee families sponsored by two North Shore synagogues arrived in Chicago despite concerns they would be in limbo due to the… Read More Fill A Heart Needs... Written by Steve Sadin February 01 2017 LAKE FOREST — Fill a Heart 4 Kids has been providing holiday gift bags and greetings to youngsters in group… Read More Mobile Ads Second Recently Added Science Meets Fiction... by Emily Spectre February 02 2017 WILMETTE – The Wilmette Theatre’s new Science… Read More Safe Landing: Synagogue... by Emily Spectre February 02 2017 Refugee families sponsored by two North… Read More Writers Theatre Presents:... by DNS Contributor February 02 2017 GLENCOE – Writers Theatre, under the… Read More Opinion: Ageism &... by Opinion Writer February 02 2017 The media, politicians and business leaders… Read More Woodlands Robotics Team... by DNS Contributor February 02 2017 Following its multi-award-winning finish at a… Read More LF/LB Chamber Event:... by DNS Contributor February 02 2017 LAKE FOREST – No matter the… Read More Mobile Ads Third Recent Comments D-112 Board Candidate Resigns From 2.0 (3) By notobdr3"Stolberg said, “If Dr. Bregy did approve it — nobody asked me.” She explained that the reason this is now “coming to the surface” is because there was a “little brouhaha” on the D-112 Sounding Board Facebook page". Enough said. Dan Weil resigned from 2.0 in December because “I was witnessing a bunch of people,... Read More Older » Mobile Ads Fourth Category ads Post Ads Post a Comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Daily North Shore encourages comments, but we have specific guidelines that you can find here. A general principle is: Do not state anything in a comment that you would not say in public and do not state anything about another person that you would not say to his or her face. Name * Email * Website Notice: It seems you have Javascript disabled in your Browser. In order to submit a comment to this post, please write this code along with your comment: bf9ddf3751745d09352dfbc952836e9f Post comment mobile ad section Footer One About Advertise Contact Us Footer Two Send News Send Opinion Social Follow Us Copyright © 2016. All Rights reserved.
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Beauty Fashion Health Cookery Insync Home n Garden Pregnancy n Parenting Relationship Spirituality Tools Photos Videos Fashion Store हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home Health Beauty Insync Fashion Cookery Relationship Spirituality Pregnancy n Parenting Home n Garden Fashion Store Photos Videos Socail Share Mail Facebook Twitter gplus Home » Insync » Pulse »Clothings That Had To Be Banned Clothings That Had To Be Banned There are certain things that should not be printed on clothes and these clothes were taken off the shelves due to inappropriate content. Check out the list! By: Syeda Farah Noor Updated: Thursday, January 19, 2017, 16:48 [IST] Subscribe to Boldsky There are many things that get banned for no reason and then there are a few that need to be banned in the first place. Here, we shall let you know of the clothes that had to be banned, since they contained obscene messages that could trigger a lot of controversies around them. These carried wrong messages to the society. Also Read: This Kid Had A Rare Disease Of Bleeding Eyes Though the manufacturing companies of these clothings claim that it was a technical issue from their end or had other baseless reasons when questioned about their products, these clothings have been luckily taken off the shelves! Check out the list of clothes that have been banned for their weird content! Also Read: Unbelievably Bizarre Eating Addictions That People Have A "blood Stained" Kent State Sweatshirt One of the famous brands named 'Urban Outfitters' sold a "vintage" Kent State sweatshirt. This sweatshirt was different from the rest, as it was decorated with a blood spatter-like pattern that was reminiscent of the 1970 Kent State Massacre that left four people dead. It was taken off the shelf after people opposed it! Image Courtesy A "Black Lives Matter" Sweatshirt These sweatshirts were pulled by Walmart, as there were many complaints from the National Fraternal Order of Police, which is also the largest police organisation in the USA. The sweatshirt is modified and is still being sold, bearing the words "Black Lives Matter." Image Courtesy A Zara Children's Shirt! This famous brand of clothing had pulled the shirt that was designed for toddlers up to three years old. The star present on the shirt looked more like the yellow star Jews in Nazi-occupied territories were forced to wear. Hence, it was pulled and a public apology was made. Image Courtesy Asian Stereotypes Shirts Clothier Abercrombie & Fitch introduced a line of t-shirts that used Asian caricatures as their central motif. It hardly took time for complaints of people to pour in. Eventually, the t-shirts were taken off the rack. Image Courtesy A Suicide-Themed Shirt This picture caught the attention of people when the major clothes retailer TJ Maxx had released a t-shirt that featured an image of a noose along with the slogan "Hang Loose". The company had released an apology in which they claimed that the slogan was related to surfing! (but the noose provides no justification). Image Courtesy Read more about: clothes, world, facts Story first published: Thursday, January 19, 2017, 12:20 [IST] Other articles published on Jan 19, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... 7 Silent Signs That Your Heart Could Be In Trouble! Antar-Agni Blued Everything On Stage & We Loved It @Lakme Fashion Week S/R 2017 You'll Never Be Successful If You Do These Things Featured Posts Subscribe Newsletter Recommended Editor's Choice Stop drying your laundry indoors as it can turn out to be deadly for your lungs Avoid Putting These Things In Dryer Can You Believe These Animals Are For Real? Most Colourful Places Around The World! Why People Eat With Their Hands In South India This Woman Hid Over 1000 Kids In Coffins! Kick-start Your New Year By Doing These! Period Myths That Need To Be Cleared Right Away! + Show More Health, Beauty, Fashion, Relationship, Cookery Now answers to all your lifestyle queries are 2 steps away Receive lifetime benefits of our free newsletter No thanks, I'm better off solving my lifestyle issues myself   Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Orlando shooter's widow seeks jail release pending trial By Associated Press Published: 19:45 EST, 31 January 2017 | Updated: 19:45 EST, 31 January 2017 e-mail SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Lawyers for the widow of the man who staged a deadly terrorist attack at a Florida nightclub said she had no advance knowledge of the plot and did not know ahead of time that her husband planned to buy ammunition while they were on a trip to Walmart. Noor Salman's attorneys said Tuesday in court filings arguing for her release from jail that she had no involvement or knowledge of her husband Omar Mateen's plan to attack the Pulse Nightclub in Orlando on June 12. Mateen shot to death 49 people and wounded 53 others before police killed him. Salman was arrested in November and will appear in an Oakland, California, federal court Wednesday seeking her release from jail. ___ This version corrects story to restore dropped words in story summary, first paragraph. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She is devastated': Kylie Minogue 'ends engagement to Joshua Sasse following suspicions about his relationship with an actress' George and Amal Clooney step out for a romantic dinner in Spain amid pregnancy rumours Ocean's Eleven star, 55, took his wife on a date Emily Ratajkowski flaunts her incredible curves and enviable abs in boho floral bikini as she smoulders in stunning new beach shoot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Worse for wear David Beckham gallantly holds car door for Poppy Delevingne as they party together on her husband's birthday eve 'The cancer has gone, we are very happy': Michael Bublé's son Noah, 3, 'is recovering' from liver cancer after heartbreaking battle  Good news for singer Guest biogs, drones photographing from above and banquet feasting: 2017's HOTTEST wedding trends SPONSORED Swimming with turtles, lounging on the beach and catch ups over wine with the girls: Meet the jet setting, yoga loving beauty getting close to Kylie's man 'Miss this face every day': Wayne Rooney posts heartfelt Instagram tribute to Coleen's late sister Rosie on her birthday... five years after death That's a slippery slope! The Jump's Spencer Matthews 'caught up in love triangle with co-stars Vogue Williams and Jade Jones' On thin ice PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Amber Rose showcases her famous buxom curves in orange bikini as she chills out in Honolulu Beach babe  Nicola McLean's husband Tom Williams brands Kim Woodburn and Jedward the C-word in expletive filled rant after comments on CBB about wife's 'knockers' Angelina Jolie shares teaser of Netflix passion project she directed based on Cambodian genocide memoir Her Netflix passion project  Janet Jackson, 50, joins newborn son Eissa as he gets a visit from grandma Katherine, aunt Rebbie and uncle Randy Family fun She's got some front! Braless Dakota Johnson stuns in VERY plunging dress at Fifty Shades Darker premiere Exquisite No supporting act! Rita Ora steals the show at Fifty Shades Darker premiere in revealing dress...after being mocked for cameo role Dubbed her big break Where's the rest of it? Singer Halsey risks wardrobe malfunction with VERY revealing dress at Fifty Shades Darker premiere Left her cleavage bare Keeping mum! Rosie Huntington-Whiteley continues to spark pregnancy rumours as she protectively covers her tummy in LA Covered up What a drag! Scott Disick shares a suspicious-looking cigarette on his hotel balcony with a female friend  Smokin' (hot) women Kim Kardashian puts on eye-popping display in sheer tank as she steps out with sister Kourtney for dinner in Costa Rica Turning heads Getting hearts pumping! Mariah Carey hits the gym in cleavage-baring lingerie and HEELS She also needed her fishnet stockings  'I've not had a bum enlargement!' Comedian Katherine Ryan reveals shocking photo of her bare bottom covered in bruises is a FAKE Cheeky Red hot! Ashley James sizzles in flesh-flaunting mini dress as she showcases her ample cleavage and toned pins out in London Scarlet siren 'THICK!': Kylie Jenner shows off voluptuous figure in her own brand's yellow tracksuit Looking to make big inroads in the apparel market Christine Bleakley reveals retired footballer husband Frank Lampard has been 'in talks' to embark on acting career in Hollywood Scott Disick cosies up to a gaggle of women during trip to Miami after he professes love for on-off girlfriend Kourtney Kardashian Ladies man Make-up free Charlotte McKinney ditches the glamour as she steps out in sweats for casual day of shopping in West Hollywood Casual yet chic  Priorities in order! Heidi Klum reveals her panties as she pulls trousers down to her knees for a quick sunbathing session She's a cheeky one David Beckham opts for sunglasses and a low-key ensemble as he jets out of LAX... hours after partying with Poppy Delevingne Good night Love Island's Olivia Buckland looks effortlessly chic in a white leather jacket as she cuddles up to fiancé Alex Bowen That's a Lottie leg! Model Moss flashes her toned pins in thigh-skimming skirt as she makes an entrance at friend's birthday party Kate's little sister  Solange Knowles performs at free Super Bowl concert in Houston... just one day after sister Beyonce revealed she's pregnant with twins Meghan Markle has 'virtually moved in' with Prince Harry reveal friends of the actress as the pair enjoy a dinner date in London  'To the next level' 'Stop reaching!' Kylie Jenner, 19, calls fans 'f***** idiots' for claiming she wanted to make her waxwork's skin color darker than it really is Lambasted fans Handsome model David Gandy cuts a dapper figure in a dark camel coat as he steps out for lavish cocktail party Looking dapper  After the dramatic bus crash, life in Walford was (unfortunately) back to 'normal' in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley Anti-climatic Great guns! Chris Hemsworth's MASSIVE bulging bicep once again takes centre stage as fan tries to get in a selfie with star Australian actor 'I love you too dude': Kristen Stewart hypes Saturday Night Live hosting debut with Leslie Jones In a series of promotional clips for the NBC comedy PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Home sweet home! Neighbours welcome the Obamas back to their $4.3 million new D.C. home after their luxury break Kim Kardashian shows some leg in thigh-high lace-up boots as she steps out in NYC after meeting with French authorities for a second day in a row Blonde bombshell! Kim Basinger is back and how... as she wows on the red carpet in low-cut black gown at premiere of Fifty Shades Darker A part in erotic trilogy Miley Cyrus' sister Noah wears sheer dress to Fifty Shades Darker premiere in Los Angeles Make Me (Cry) songstress decided to show off her own flair Ferne McCann flashes her abs in a crop top as she films herself having non-surgical liposuction on her stomach after bum lift Back at it  'Not sure if I have the same confidence': Coco Austin shares throwback pic from racy car calendar shoot The 37-year-old shared a racy throwback pic Juliette Lewis shows off her svelte frame in skinny jeans with a khaki coat and hat while catching flight at LAX The actress cut a casual figure in skintight denim Blue jean baby! Paris Jackson wears crop top and denims with frayed cuffs as she enjoys a concert night out in LA Spotted leaving James Arthur's LA concert  Keri Russell wears minimal makeup as she steps out in skinny jeans and ankle boots while on the move in New York city Natural beauty Bundled up beauty! Zoe Kravitz dons blue duster coat with trousers and a heavy navy scarf while holding hands with boyfriend Karl Glusman She doesn't look a day older! Elle Macpherson, 52, shares a sweet throwback bikini photo of herself at the beach with her two sons in 2005 She's ripped! Kourtney Kardashian wears torn jeans and biker jacket as she takes daughter Penelope to Beverly Hills gallery Just back from holiday America's Next Top Model judge Tyson Beckford pulls GUN on process server outside his Miami apartment  A look back at Minogue's ill-fated relationships including her failed 'engagement' to Olivier Martinez as she 'splits from fiancé Joshua Sasse' ' 'She always wanted kids and I never did': Dannii Minogue spoke about her sister Kylie's, 48, hopes for a baby earlier this year Ended engagement Beyonce the work of art: Queen Bey's pregnancy photo series echoes famous paintings featuring Venus and the Virgin Mary Lena Dunham sports aggressive pink eyeshadow as she teams up with Girls cast at premiere of final season Heavy make-up Can't make up your mind? Allison Williams wears trousers AND a dress at premiere of Girls final season That's how you make an entrance... and an exit Leslie Mann looks smitten with Judd Apatow at Girls premiere... after revealing argument with daughters over 'inappropriate' snaps Leggy display! Erin McNaught flaunts her trim pins and flashes white lace bra in a thigh-skimming denim frock as she enjoys a pamper session 'She's the vilest woman I've ever met in my life': CBB's Coleen Nolan rants about Kim Woodburn as Nicola McLean vows to 'never to see her again'  'Prep with my man': Ellen Pompeo brings newborn son Eli to work as she gets ready for directorial debut on Grey's Anatomy Behind the scenes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Georgia May Jagger and Grumpy Cat make it a date: Party team up for party in Germany to celebrate calendars  Is she fur real? Selma Blair wears red coat reminiscent of bath robe with animal hair trim around Los Angeles Looked like a very cosy cover up Part of the squad! Kelsea Ballerini says pal Taylor Swift taught her how to deal with fame as she covers Billboard magazine 'I'm really disappointed to be out!' Vogue Williams forced to QUIT The Jump just days before anticipated launch after suffering serious knee injury Babies, let's get in Formation! Beyonce 'set to perform at this year's Grammy Awards' after revealing she's pregnant with twins No slowing down That's quite the pregnancy album! Beyonce displays her baby bump in underwater video after announcing she's having twins Red hot! Emma Roberts shows off her new fiery colored hair as she leaves the salon in Hollywood Sporting freshly coloured tresses 'Call your senator': Amy Schumer continues anti-Trump activism by urging fans to oppose 'unqualified' Education Secretary pick Betsy DeVos 'I'm a sex goddess!' Teen Holly Willoughby, 18, grabs her assets as she makes saucy profession in sizzling throwback lingerie ad 'You have to bite the bullet': Kristen Stewart admits she is dreading her SNL hosting debut on Saturday Even if vampires don't make her flinch Khloe Kardashian helps Lauren lose 50 pounds and reconnect with her dead father on E! reality show Revenge Body With a celebrity trainer Making waves! Karlie Kloss sports curly locks and monochrome mini dress  during high fashion Vogue photo shoot at Sydney's Bondi Beach Lena Dunham admits she crossed 'boundaries of professionalism' as she reveals she once 'made out' with a Girls guest star  James Corden jokes about being the lowest paid late night talk show host on television... ahead of Grammys hosting gig But he's hit the big time... 'I've had some really bad hairstyles': Shane Warne reveals style disasters as ex-cricketer celebrates 10 years as an Advanced Hair Studio ambassador Borne this way! Lady Gaga gets police escort to NRG Stadium in Houston as she rehearses for Super Bowl Halftime Show  She's all fired up 'Yo I made it!' Rihanna steps out in biker chic ensemble... after celebrating Mariah Carey wearing her Fenty heels to the GYM Dressed in all black In bed with Hilary Duff! Star shows off her legs while wearing only panties and a T-shirt on Instagram A long way from being a self-conscious teen Is this the end of underwear? Why stars are forgoing bras and pants on the red carpet (and why they believe it makes them look more CLASSY) Victoria's Secret stars Jasmine Tookes, Martha Hunt and Taylor Hill bring the heat to Miami with sizzling bikini photo shoot Trio of Angels  Lily-Rose Depp goes on spending spree at Chanel in Beverly Hills... amid reports of dad Johnny's ongoing financial woes Karl Lagerfeld's muse Make-up free Julia Roberts, 49, looks bright as she goes shopping for interior decor with daughter Hazel in Malibu Had a stylish wintry get-up Just like mom! Rumer Willis stars in Gap campaign paying homage to mother Demi Moore and her 1990 ad Just like her famous mother Demi Kate Moss, 43, goes completely naked for W magazine as she joins Jennifer Lopez, Jessica Chastain, Taraji P Henson and Donatella Versace Quite the treat! Sara Gilbert has mother-son date with Rhodes at Jessica's Biel's pricey Au Fudge restaurant in Los Angeles Spoiling her little boy  A look at Shanina Shaik and fiancé DJ Ruckus' $100,000-a-month Miami rental property with incredible waterfront views and a heated swimming pool  Miranda gets her dream role in Annie: Actress in final negotiations to play Miss Hannigan when musical moves into the Piccadilly Theatre  'F*** you Price is Right!': Aaron Paul aims for game show redemption with the help of James Corden 17 years after walking away a loser A gloomy affair is saved by the belle: The Glass Menagerie is glum but Cherry Jones gives a fine turn, writes QUENTIN LETTS   SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Who silenced royal rebel Lady Amelia? Duke of Kent's granddaughter deletes her Instagram account  Upbeat Elbow go out on a limb: Little Fictions is a slow-burning blockbuster, writes ADRIAN THRILLS  JAN MOIR: Apple Tree Yard and a brutally real portrait of a wife in crisis  It caused controversy and divided opinion Coco Austin puts on a busty display as she steps out with baby Chanel... as Ice T proudly reveals his daughter has inherited his 'mean mug' Focused on family: Bethenny Frankel spends some quality time time with daughter Bryn after nasty drama with her ex Family first Making a dog's dinner of it! CBB's Jedward and Bianca Gascoigne try not to gag as they're forced to eat unsavoury 'mystery can' Not good enough to eat Tallia Storm flaunts her tanned and toned legs in a sequinned silver mini dress and chunky black ankle boots at fashion party Leggy lady Making them green with envy! Camilla dazzles in a velvet gown as she brings some glamour to the British Asian Trust dinner in London  'If there's anyone designed to deal with it, it's her': Meghan Markle's on-screen Suits fiancé Patrick J. Adams approves of her royal romance 'She's the love of my life': Scott Disick declares Kourtney Kardashian is the one in KUWTK trailer...before getting cuddly with beauties in Miami 'The shoot is not soft porn, it is actual fashion': Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm defends posing naked for Playboy Make-up free Cindy Crawford shows off her svelte figure in skintight jeans and plunging white top ahead of 51st birthday Fit at 50 Enjoying a bit too much Pillowtalk? Pop heartthrob Zayn Malik sports a serious case of bed head as he enjoys shopping trip in Beverly Hills Going solo! Taylor Swift releases filmed acoustic rehearsal of I Don't Wanna Live Forever... without singing partner Zayn When two become one 'I didn't want to play a crack addict': Naomie Harris reveals she initially turned down Moonlight because of 'negative portrayals of women' in film That's one way to go viral! Mariah Carey poses in racy lingerie as she streams Facebook Live video...and hits one million views in first hour Busty Preeya Kalidas flashes her legs in a glamorous baby blue gown with dramatic ruffles at British Asian Trust dinner Blue-tiful Master and Apprentice! Arnold Schwarzenegger lunches with Mickey Rourke... after hitting back at Trump over ratings  Celebrity yearbook photos including Jimmy Kimmel in a tacky prom shirt, Tina Fey clutching a rose and a baby-faced Amy Adams are brought to life for Super Bowl ad Keke Palmer reveals truce with Trey Songz after claims he filmed her without her consent as she puts on another fashion show in New York You're fired! Gloomy Ivanka is pictured leaving DC home after Nordstrom drops her fashion brand amid angry boycott by thousands of women 'I can't wait to share our journey': New mum Stephanie Davis dotes over baby son Caben-Albi in adorable video  Preparing to raise her newborn alone 'I have three hearts': Pregnant Beyoncé strips NAKED to show off her baby bump in intimate snaps after announcing she is expecting twins  'Having twins is the most incredible experience ever!' Mariah Carey congratulates pal Beyonce after baby news   'Targeting the weakest does not show strength,' Angelina Jolie pens op-ed for the New York Times about refugee policy  Scarlett Johansson flaunts her famous curves in nude-looking suit in a sneak peek of her new movie Ghost In The Shell ahead of trailer  Naked tummy! Gigi Hadid models crop top that exposes her belly button and adds leather jacket to help keep out chill in NYC Tum's the word 'You made a reputation by showing your knockers!' CBB's Kim Woodburn takes aim at 'vile little creature' Nicola McLean as she's branded 'scum' Wigged out! Oprah Winfrey looks virtually unrecognisable in crimped blonde hairpiece on Los Angeles set of A Wrinkle In Time EXCLUSIVE Tequila shots, karaoke and a VERY A-list crowd: Behind-the-scenes at Harry Styles' 23rd birthday bash with Adele and Cindy Crawford Forgotten something? Lisa Appleton struggles to contain her ample assets as she dons a pair of tiny bikini briefs in Spain She always turns heads EXCLUSIVE: Timbaland's divorce lawyer slaps a lien on the music producer's $5 million Miami mansion for unpaid bills Pricey The apple of his (Beady) Eye! Liam Gallagher's son Gene sports similar haircut and same distinctive eyebrows as rocker dad on shopping spree 'It's time for us to embrace': Matthew McConaughey says celebrities should accept Trump is president and 'be constructive' 'This performance is for everyone': Lady Gaga talks up 'athletic' halftime show at Super Bowl after dancing in her underwear backstage Bikini-clad Kim Zolciak calls her husband Kroy Biermann 'sexy' as she posts photo of him in a very tight Speedo during beach getaway Fun in the sun J.C. Penney defends Beyonce using her own lyrics after critics snidely suggest that her 'awkward' pregnancy photo was taken at the retailer's portrait studio Fans accuse Beyoncé of copying M.I.A.'s music video for her maternity shoot - just months after the Sri Lankan rapper said Bey stole her sound What controversy? Mel Gibson smiles as his upcoming police brutality film Dragged Across Concrete sparks a social media backlash 'I get paid quite well to not be biased!': Rylan Clark-Neal hits out at claims CBB BOTS is unfair to housemates... as he confirms he'll still host the spin-off show  Drew Barrymore wanted 'ultra-traditional' upbringing for her two daughters as she calls split from husband her 'worst nightmare'  Back to basics Jamie Dornan flaunts his muscular physique as he showcases impressive pommel horse trick on Conan O'Brien Impressive Looking extra pouty! Rumer Willis shows off bigger lips as she attends opening of new basement bar in New York Getting lippy Selena Gomez is nominated for Kids' Choice Award as her current beau The Weeknd goes up against ex Bieber in 2017 nominations Oops, she did it again! Britney Spears suffers an EPIC wardrobe malfunction as she exposes her bare breast during Las Vegas show Kanye West is reprimanded by CFDA for his 'bad behavior' after failing to liaise with NYFW organizers about his Yeezy Season Five show Kim Kardashian looks slimmer than ever as she flaunts her gym-honed figure in black bikini alongside sister Kourtney during family getaway in Costa Rica Nicki Minaj invests in huge security upgrade for mansion following brazen thieves steal $200K worth of property and trash her home  Taking no chances 'I started doing hard drugs at age 12': Khloe Kardashian listens as latest Revenge Body contestant reveals she turned to meth to get thin 'We need a security guard 24-7': Kim Kardashian amps up protection for family in KUWTK sneak peek following armed heist Harrowing news Jennifer Connelly opts for a low-key look in a navy coat and beanie as she enjoys a stroll with husband Paul Bettany in New York Feeling the chill Oscar-winning Leonardo DiCaprio gets his meat seasoned by viral meme sensation Salt Bae at the chef's Dubai steakhouse  Just a sprinkle  Feeling Ferry saucy! Geordie Shore's Chloe leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her ample assets and tiny waist in skimpy lingerie Ola Jordan and Heidi Montag look worse for wear as they twerk up a storm during wild night out with husbands James and Spencer Justin brings Bieber Fever to the Super Bowl with wacky dance moves as he honours the history of touchdown celebrations in new advert 'Things just didn't work out': Singer Ella Eyre 'amicably' ends her two-year relationship with Rixton drummer Lewi Morgan Sad news  Kim Kardashian relives horror of Paris jewel heist by testifying in New York after a judge flew to meet her to identify armed men who robbed her at gunpoint CBB's Bianca Gascoigne puts on an eye-popping display as she poses provocatively in lingerie for racy pre-show photo shoot EXCLUSIVE 'I love to mix it up!': Ellie Goulding reveals the secrets behind her stunning athletic shape She's a fitness enthusiast  Alesha Dixon dares to be different in sexy leather mesh dress with sheer skirt as she joins glam Amanda Holden at Britain's Got Talent auditions in Birmingham Victoria Beckham shows off slim figure in chic trousers and polo-neck for shopping trip ... but STILL keeps her favourite sunglasses on in drizzly London Don't let mum and dad see! Brooklyn Beckham tucks into HUGE baguette during London day out without health fanatic parents David and Victoria  'I've got my priorities really in order!': Rob Lowe laughs as Jimmy Kimmel ribs him over job ad for assistant who can turn on his jacuzzi and arrange massages 'I really fell in love': Iskra Lawrence posts lingerie selfie as she reveals she's learned to accept her curves while inspiring women to celebrate their bodies 'Everybody's looking': New Fifty Shades Darker trailer reveals glamorous Masquerade Ball sequence A new promo has debuted  'I'm more nervous on runways now' than when I was 21': Naomi Campbell, 46, admits she feels 'vulnerable' on the catwalk alongside younger models 'I'd love to be with Kate Middleton!': Drew Barrymore reveals she fancies the Duchess of Cambridge... as she jokes about being 'naughty in my forties' 'Breakouts have made me stay in my house all day': Ashley Benson opens up about her struggle with acne at the launch of a spot-reducing gel product Johnny Depp brands former business managers 'reprehensible' after details of his spendthrift $2million-a-month lifestyle emerge  McQueen Bey! Hollyoaks' pregnant matriarch Myra recreates THAT Beyonce baby pic... yet swaps designer lingerie for sports top and cardi Lottie Moss cuts a demure figure in lace-up jeans and fur coat as she hits the town for casual night out Certainly looked the part of a fashion model  It's Patsy TANsit! Actress overdoes the bronzer as she dons workout gear for energetic jog in the rain Not exactly tanning weather in London 'It left me bereft': Kris Marshall quits Death In Paradise after Caribbean filming separated him from his family... as fans mourn 'heartbreaking' news No dramas! Danielle Lloyd steps out in double denim after furiously denying Nicola McLean's claims she attended her wedding to Jamie O'Hara CBB's Nicola McLean flaunts her ample assets in racy lace lingerie as she poses for saucy pre-show shoot WAG and glamour model, 35 'It's a disaster!': Make-up free Dakota Johnson dons fur coat at LAX airport after revealing everything she says turns sexual Only the best for the Lord! Scott Disick stayed in $12,500 a night suite in Miami after fleeing Kardashian Costa Rican getaway 'I've never met a hater whose life I wish I had': Gabrielle Union bites back at mean girls as she flaunts her fabulous figure at 44 in Women's Health Trump requests prayers for Arnold Schwarzenegger and his Apprentice ratings... as his replacement suggest they switch jobs  'WAKE UP & JOIN THE RESISTANCE': Sarah Silverman calls for a military coup to overthrow President Trump Controversial statement Twinning! Cindy Crawford's son Presley Gerber steps out with girlfriend Lily - whose model good looks will fit right in Strictly's rumoured new head judge Gary Edwards suffers 'TV fail' when he continuously refers to Len Goodman as a 'matriarch' rather than a patriarch Imogen Thomas displays her curves in colourful swimwear at the launch of her new collection... as she reveals her relationship has lost its spark Gaz Beadle transforms into a naughty pensioner as he hits the gym and chats girls up in hilarious prank ahead of Spring Break with Grandad launch Just like Linda! Lusardi's daughter Lucy Kane shows an uncanny resemblance to her mum... as she 'blows judges away on The Voice End of an era! Designer Riccardo Tisci leaves Givenchy after 12 YEARS with the French fashion house - as rumors suggest he is heading to Versace Move over George! Adorable Prince of Bhutan proves himself a contender for world's cutest royal baby as he poses for his first birthday portrait Nick Gordon steps out on second anniversary of the day girlfriend Bobbi Kristina was tragically found unresponsive in bathtub 'I love having her around again': Brooke Vincent reveals she was instrumental in her on-screen sister Helen Flanagan's return to Coronation Street Drinking problems! Coronation Street viewers spot a major props blunder when Kate serves Toyah a glass of wine from an EMPTY bottle Who said acting was easy? Joanne Froggatt shelters from the rain as she braves freezing conditions while filming Liar in Kent Alice Eve oozes classic Hollywood glamour in a sophisticated all-black ensemble as she enjoys a low-key dinner in LA British beauty Gigi Hadid wears nothing but a tiny miniskirt as she goes braless for tasteful LOVE magazine shoot Stunning black and white snap  That's a butt rude! Rita Ora is cheeky in see-through gym pants ... as she steps out in LA after congratulating Beyonce on her pregnancy news What a view! Will pregnant Beyonce still perform at Coachella? Singer's April headline slot is uncertain after announcement she's expecting twins The adorable moment Prince Harry pranks an unimpressed school boy with the 'wrong shoulder' trick (and acts surprised when the joke's turned on him) Bella Thorne flaunts her taut tummy as she works up a sweat with her wild moves while leading a dance class Energetic night! Heidi Klum steals the spotlight in a quirky black Victoriana-style ensemble and heavy jewels as she shoots Germany's Next Top Model 'We do get a bit delirious': Rebel Wilson and Anna Kendrick share behind-the-scenes Pitch Perfect 3 video after filming for 15 hours Geordie Shore's Holly Hagan shows off her toned curves as she shares an eye-popping bikini shot from her holiday in Thailand 'I absolutely hate my natural look': Katie Price shares rare 'make-up free' selfie as she takes a break from her hair extensions Ed Sheeran fans hit out at touts after tickets to the British pop star's UK tour were being sold online for up to £1,000 just minutes after going on sale  Racy in red! Lucy Mecklenburgh shows off her stunningly slim figure in chic bikini as she posts yet ANOTHER swimsuit snap from Dubai trip 'Let me come in your changing room!' Trinny Woodall accidentally propositions Phillip Schofield live on This Morning leaving Holly Willoughby in hysterics What a bikini body! Justin Bieber's 'ex' Sahara Ray almost busts out of her skimpy swimwear in racy Instagram snap after THAT lingerie shot Lorraine Kelly can't contain her giggles as she recreates the famous pottery scene from the movie Ghost with Dr Hilary Jones as Patrick Swayze  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
The MMQB with Peter King Friday, Feb. 3, 2017 MMQB VideoPodcastsColumnsOur TeamYour TeamArchive Search Close Facebook Twitter Instagram Google+ Sports Illustrated Close Road to HoustonThe Ballad of Quintorris Jones Road to Houston Wed Feb. 1, 2017 The Ballad of Quintorris Jones Eventually known simply as ‘Julio,’ the star receiver was always larger than life in his Alabama hometown, whether he likes it or not by Jenny Vrentas Matt Ryan Is Old School Matt Ryan Is Old School At Philly’s venerable Penn Charter, they remember Matt Ryan as a low-key, egalitarian leader for whom a team win, not stats or stature, was the priority. The Falcons QB has carried that ethos all the way to Super Bowl 51. The MMQB is on the road to Super Bowl 51. Follow along on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat (@TheMMQB), and find all of our Road to Houston content here. FOLEY, Ala. — In the spring of 2007, a particularly gifted jumper named Quintorris Jones began appearing in high school track and field results across Alabama, as well as in the top meets in adjoining states. He did the long jump, the high jump, the triple jump. Quintorris Jones was so explosive that he could fly farther on a standing triple jump than most of his opponents could with the benefit of the running start. A coach from a Big Ten program called Foley High School, wanting to learn more about this young athlete. As he spoke to Foley’s coach, D.D. Andersen, he became confused. She kept referencing Julio Jones, who at that time was considered the No. 1 football recruit in the nation by numerous media outlets. I appreciate the information, he told her, but I am calling to talk to you about Quintorris Jones. “Oh, I’m so sorry,” Andersen replied. “That’s the same person.” This was Jones’ junior year of high school, and by that point the hype around him had reached such a fever pitch that Andersen had taken to entering him in meets by his given name, Quintorris, rather than the nickname, Julio, that he’d gone by ever since his mother gave it to him as a middle-schooler. “He didn’t really like the hype,” Andersen recalls. “He just wanted to compete. Be him. And didn’t want the limelight.” Not much has changed. While wide receiver peers like Antonio Brown and Odell Beckham Jr., drew scrutiny this postseason (for starring in a post-game locker room Facebook Live, and posting photos of an off-day yacht excursion with Justin Bieber, respectively) the Falcons’ quiet superstar was in the headlines only for his performance, including 180 yards and two touchdowns in the NFC championship game to help launch his team to Super Bowl 51. Photo: Courtesy of Foley High School; Joe Robbins/Getty Images Here in his hometown of Foley, Alabama, with its old-town feel (the main drag includes a drugstore with a soda fountain and a jukebox that plays vinyl records), about 20 minutes from the Gulf of Mexico, Jones has been a household name since he became old enough to drive. A one-word moniker—“Julio”—that became a sing-songy cheer by the fans who came from near and far to catch a glimpse of him playing on the same football field where Ken Stabler once starred. Just as big a part of Jones’ legend to this day, though, is how much he resisted being seen as one. Recruiters from all the top college football programs would come to town and leave bewildered. Jones didn’t want to talk about himself. And he didn’t really want to talk about football, because that would require talking about himself. Finally, one of the Alabama recruiters uncovered the one thing Jones would discuss at length: The Discovery Channel show, Mythbusters. “The word got out,” says Foley High School principal Russ Moore. “I think he had four, five recruiters there watching Mythbusters for a couple months, just so they’d have something to talk to Julio about.” • WHERE MALCOLM BUTLER WAS MADE: The Patriots star still returns to the nondescript strip mall in Alabama where a little-known Division II prospect once trained for his shot at the NFL. * * * At age 5, Jones declared that he wanted to play football. His reason was simple: His father had just left their family behind, and this was a little boy’s way of assuring his mama that they would be O.K. Queen Marvin, his mother, supported the family by working long shifts at fast-food restaurants. First it was Church’s Chicken; then, she spent nearly 10 years at the KFC right next to the high school. “He said, all you do is work, work, work,” Marvin says. “He told me he’d buy me the house I never had, the car I never had and that I wouldn’t have to work no more.” That was Jones’ motivation to play professional football. It wasn’t the fame. In fact, Jones is still oblivious to that side of the equation. In a training-camp conversation last summer, Jones described how, as a kid, he rarely watched football. “I saw one clip of Barry Sanders, on ESPN, like just a clip,” Jones recalled. He loves football, but he doesn’t watch it on TV. It’s a peculiarity that is true to this day (outside of game film, of course). Jones was a running back until his sophomore year of high school, when Todd Watson took over the Foley program. At 6' 3" and about 200 pounds in those days, Jones dwarfed his peers, and he was stronger than most defensive linemen. Watson moved him to receiver and installed a spread attack, out of which they’d throw 60 to 65 percent of the time. The summer before Jones’ junior year, the team went to a national 7-on-7 tournament near Birmingham. That’s when his name caught fire. Photo: Jenny Vrentas/The MMQB A painting of Jones that hangs in the Foley principal's office. Jones seemed to pull off an uncommon feat in every sport he competed in. During his senior year, a Thursday night game against rival Daphne was broadcast nationally on ESPN2. Jones hurt his ankle in the first half, and Watson came out of the locker room at halftime unsure if his star player would return. Late in the third quarter, Jones reappeared on the sideline, ready to go back in. Shortly thereafter, he proceeded to make an acrobatic catch over two defenders for the game-winning touchdown, bad ankle and all. Local broadcaster Clark Stewart, who called Jones’ games for WHEP Radio 35 years after his father broadcast Kenny Stabler’s games, refers to that as “The Catch.” From his radio call that night, October 2007: Julio down there, and Jones rips it out of his hands of the defender. Touchdown, Julio Jones! Touchdown, Foley Lions! What a play! If you are near a TV, go turn it on ladies and gentlemen. That was a play. And listen to this crowd! During basketball season later that year, during a 2008 playoff game against LeFlore High School, there was a play Stewart calls “The Dunk.” A teammate threw up a long-range three that hit the back of the rim and bounced out, when Jones came flying in for a monster slam. Stewart was broadcasting that game with Watson, the football coach, who was rendered speechless, even after coaching Jones for three years. Watson: Wow. Wow. I can’t think of anything else but, wow. I don’t know where he came from. Stewart: Coach, he came down from that steel structure about 10 feet above the rim. Unbelievable. Watson: He’s got everybody in the house stirred. Stewart: I’m not sure I can even call a break here. Jones did everything he could to duck the attention. A night out meant going to the movies with his mom; she’d go to see one film, and he’d go to see another. At one track and field meet, another competitor approached him and asked, “Are you Julio Jones?” Jones pointed to a teammate and said, “No, he is.” But every coach in America knew where to find him. On the ESPN2 broadcast of the game against Daphne his senior year, they reported Jones as having more than 50 offers from schools across the country. Shane Jones, his receivers coach at Foley (no relation), recalls one afternoon when Jones was meeting with Nick Saban inside the high school. Urban Meyer, Bob Stoops and Tommy Tuberville all waited outside in the parking lot for their turn. They flooded Foley, to the point where Jones had to put his own limits on when recruiters could meet with him, because he didn’t want to keep missing class. Photo: Courtesy of Foley High School Freshman Julio Jones and the Foley HS track and field team. When NCAA recruiting rules still allowed it, Foley would host a spring football jamboree, inviting Alabama schools with top prospects to come play in a showcase for college coaches. It was a big deal, but never quite like the spring of Jones’ junior year, which was also Saban’s first year at Alabama. “A few days prior to the jamboree, I start getting calls asking if there is a place to park an RV,” Watson recalls. “I said, there’s a little room, enough to probably accommodate one or two. Well, the day before the game, we had 18 to 20 RVs pull up in.” A chapter of Alabama’s Red Elephant Club had come to tailgate Foley’s spring game. They came to see Saban. And they came to see Julio. • DAN QUINN’S START AT WILLIAM & MARY: Like many in the coaching line, Dan Quinn started at the bottom, working 60-hour weeks and doing the dirty work. * * * Not long after Jones had been drafted by the Falcons in 2011, he came back to Foley to watch a football game. He didn’t want to cause a fuss, so he asked Moore, the principal, to sneak him in through one of the end zones. But Jones stood out just as much as he did in the 2005 Foley track and field team photo, where he’s twice the size of the kid sitting next to him, as a freshman. Something of a scene broke out at Ivan Jones Field. “This is kind of a common sense place—at least I always thought so—but then you have people try to rush the field when he is on the sideline and needed security,” Moore says. “I would never have dreamed that normal people I see every day at Wal-Mart would try to climb over a fence to get somebody’s autograph in the middle of a ballgame. Of course he was embarrassed and mortified, and we got it under control, but…” Jones came to the game with his former Alabama teammate, running back Trent Richardson, who would be drafted in the first round one year later. After security had gotten the field rush under control, a young fan was yelling Richardson’s name over and over. When Richardson turned around to say hello, Moore recalls, the kid blurted out, “Can you get me Julio’s autograph?” “Here in his hometown,” Moore adds, “I think Julio would have a hard time walking into Wal-Mart without it being weird.” He comes back for his mama, and he’s kept the promise he made to her at age 5. Marvin worked at KFC all the way up to his draft day, in April 2011. Soon after, he drove up to the new house he bought her, in her new Cadillac Escalade, with one of those big red bows on top. Even so, just last week a friend spotted Marvin at the going-out-of-business sale for a local hardware store. She was waiting in line, so unchanged by her son’s success that she still wanted to save a few bucks on a broom and a bucket. Back in her son’s high school days, Marvin would ride the fan bus to away games. Whenever she was asked which player was her son, she’d never say, “Julio.” It was always, “Quintorris.” This was the example for the quiet superstar from Foley, who has done everything he can to be inconspicuous off the field, while becoming impossibly conspicuous on it. Question or comment? Email us at talkback@themmqb.com. by Jenny Vrentas @JennyVrentas More Articles MMQB Tweets Tweets by @theMMQB The Ballad of Quintorris ‘Julio’ Jones The non-QB MVP Candidates of SB51 DRAFT NFL Evaluators on Joe Mixon Putin, Trump and Patriotic Anger at SB 51 Podcast All the Non-Super Bowl News The Shared Vision That Saved the Falcons More from The MMQB Fri Feb. 3, 2017 Super Bowl 51: A Coach’s View of Falcons vs. Patriots Fri Feb. 3, 2017 The Longest Snap Thu Feb. 2, 2017 The Road to Super Bowl 51 Subscribe to our Newsletter Get the latest news and updates to your inbox! Contact Customer Service Site Map Buy Issue Media Kit Cover Collection Picture Sales Privacy Policy California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices © 2017 Time Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Read our privacy guidelines, your California privacy rights, and ad choices.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan ​ASX-listed Digital X reports ninth quarterly loss Digital X has posted its ninth quarterly loss, shooting $591,000 into the red for the second quarter of the 2017 financial year. By Asha McLean | February 1, 2017 -- 04:06 GMT (20:06 PST) | Topic: E-Commerce Digital X has reported a loss for the second quarter of the 2017 financial year, seeing the fintech firm post only one profitable quarter since landing on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) in June 2014. For the six months to December 30, 2016, Digital X reported an operating loss of $1.06 million, taking a $591,000 hit in the second quarter. At the end of the period, Digital X also held cash and cash equivalents of $973,000. Latest Australian news ​Microsoft Australia posts AU$55.9m profit for 2016 Vodafone uses NBN to extend its mobile coverage Telstra: Some SMS messages 'incorrectly delivered' after exchange fire Telstra Health wins WA government contract for AU$10m health info system NBN reveals fibre rollout areas to replace Optus HFC Receipts from customers totalled $8.9 million, however $8.4 million was then spent on the purchase of bitcoins for the organisation's liquidity desk. The hosting of bitcoin mining equipment also set Digital X back $240,000 for the six-month period. During the second quarter, Digital X said bitcoin trading operations generated over $2 million in revenue. In delivering its first quarter results, Digital X reported a $473,000 operating loss, attributing the loss to the domino effect the hack on cryptocurrency exchange platform Bitfinex had on the bitcoin market. "The hack of two bitcoin exchanges saw the decision to suspend all post-paid customers and suspend Market Making operations," Digital X told shareholders in November. At the time, it was also revealed that the company had spent $6 million on bitcoins in those three months alone. Currently, the company is reviewing its bitcoin operations and said it has been in "active discussions" with interested parties to leverage the knowledge, trading platform, and customer base of Digital X Direct. "The bitcoin side of the business has been invaluable for the company to gain development expertise in blockchain-based applications that are truly differentiated from the market," Digital X told shareholders on Wednesday. "The company will finalise the process in February to monetise the investment in the platform." Digital X completed a share placement of 31,940,000 fully paid ordinary shares in December at an issue price of $0.05 per share, which saw the company raise $1.62 million. A further 4,232,000 shares were then issued in January on the same terms to raise a total of $211,600. The company did not disclose what it will be spending the funds on. Digital X chairman and co-founder Zhenya Tsvetnenko announced his resignation in July, with the company telling shareholders he would "relinquish" his executive role to pursue "personal interests". Tsvetnenko, along with two others, has been accused by prosecutors in the United States for scheming customers with unsolicited text messages, according to Reuters. "The matter is before the court, and Mr Zhenya Tsvetnenko will be defending all allegations against him," Evelyn Duffy, a spokesperson on behalf of Tsvetnenko, previously told ZDNet. Then, during the second quarter, Digital X announced the departure of the remaining co-founders, with William Brindise resigning and Alex Karis having his contract with Digital CC Holdings Pty Ltd terminated. At the same time, the company appointed existing chairman Leigh Travers to the role of CEO. Faisal Khan also jumped on as a non-executive director, Toby Hicks joined as the board's interim chair, and Neel Krishnan was announced as company president. "The changes have enabled significant savings to be generated from salary and office expenditures," the company said Wednesday. "The reduction in salaries has enabled a saving of AU$1 million per annum." Digital X originally found itself listed on the ASX after performing a reverse takeover of investment firm Macro Energy almost three years ago. Digital X only emerged in October 2015, however, after DigitalBTC -- trading as Digital CC -- underwent a name change and shift in business model as well. Digital X raised AU$3.5 million to fund the development and rollout of AirPocket, its app-based cash remittance product, in late 2015. After rebranding, Digital X announced its focus would be on the AirPocket platform, saying that the new name and direction represented a strategic change from a focus on bitcoin as a mechanism in order to store value to a focus on software development. During the first half of 2017, Digital X signed an agreement with AT&T Mexico to allow users in the United States the ability to transfer funds via AirPocket directly into the mobile phone accounts of users on the teclo's network. It also signed with US-based Servicio UniTeller, which gives AirPocket access to a network of 17,000 cash-out locations in Mexico, which includes Walmart and all of Mexico's major banks. An arrangement with PayKii -- a platform allowing individuals living abroad to pay the bills of family back home in Latin America -- is due to kick off shortly, and will give AirPocket customers further access to sending money overseas. Although Digital X is based in Perth, AirPocket is not available in Australia. For the three months ending December 30, 2015, the company recorded its first and only profitable quarter, posting an operating profit of $746,000. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Security Identity theft, credit card fraud cost US consumers $16 billion in 2016 E-Commerce Freelancer reports record AU$51.9m in cash receipts in 2016 Artificial Intelligence Starbucks begins testing its AI barista for mobile ordering Security ​Chrome 56: Google starts slapping 'not secure' on HTTP payment and login pages × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Connectivity Constraint Computing Market, Social Management, Logistic and Other Network Designing, and Security) - Global Industry Analysis, Trend, Size, Share and Forecast 2016 - 2024 News provided by ReportBuyer Jan 31, 2017, 18:50 ET Share this article LONDON, Jan. 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global Connectivity Constraint Computing Market: Overview Connectivity requirements are a common component of forest planning models, with important examples arising in wildlife habitat protection. These connectivity constraint computing have been increasingly used in ecosystem, healthcare and network designing industry. Increase investment in infrastructure development, connectivity and network designing is expected to increase the market for connectivity constraint computing as well. With the growing advancement in technology and user friendly CCC packages the application of this tool will increase in all application segments. Increase in demand for environment conservation, preservation and management will increase usage of CCC. In many cases of computational sustainability, constraints on connectivity is a major concern. While designing a new wildlife corridor, the area is required to be geographically connected. Also in allocation of harvest of a forest, new areas which are required to be harvested needs to be connected to areas which are already been harvested. This helps in providing easy access to newly cultivated areas. In cases of town designing like in case of smart cities, connection of new homes to the prevailing utility infrastructure is very important. All these problems imposes multiple constraint to an area or a set. A common pattern is required to be drawn out of the available data with minimal cost. The application of connectivity constraint computing helps in these problem solving. Global Connectivity Constraint Computing Market: Drivers and Restraints One of the major drivers of connectivity constraint computing market is the growing investment in automated decision support system and security sector. The advanced connectivity constraint computing helps in optimizing an objective which is subjected to multiple constraint. This computing technique can be used for image recognition, network designing, geo spatial identifications etc. This tool reduces time of analysis and help in taking fast and accurate decision. Increasing connectivity and infrastructure development requires planning and designing. Also, faster adoption of smart cities and well-designed ecosystems have increased usage of this technology. The CCC helps in identification of low cost designing and thus reduces cost of production. Adoption of data driven decision systems will drive the demand for constrained modeling in various application segments. The absence of an alternative for CCC currently will drive the market demand for this computing during the forecast period of 2016-2024. One of the major restraint of the global market for Connectivity constraint computing is the cost and time taken for data collection. This algorithm have been increasingly utilized in research organizations and internal usage to meet the demand for quicker solutions, well informed data driven solution and cost optimization. This advanced technologies reduces opportunity cost of a solution before implementation. Hence the cost of considering adoption of another network or designing framework is higher than the one evaluated with this technology. This acts as a driving factor for adoption of this tool in the market. Evolution of connectivity constraint computing requires huge development of software. With the growing need for modification and advancement of software, it is expected that global market for Connectivity constraint computing would expand during the forecast period. It is an essential property in several problems related to ecosystem design such as understanding of sub graphs from layers of graphs. This helps in identification of original pattern in the data sets. Global Connectivity Constraint Computing Market: Scope of the Study The report on Connectivity constraint computing market is studied on the basis of key market players. The business strategies, financial strategies, and SWOT analysis of key market players have been incorporated into this study. Various macroeconomic and microeconomic factors affecting the market are incorporated into this study. Drivers, restraint and opportunity factors of this report have been discussed in this report. Some of the key players of Connectivity constraint computing market are Walmart (U.S.), Microsoft (U.S.) and IBM (U.S.) among others. Connectivity Constraint Computing Market, by Application, 2016 - 2024: Ecosystem & Healthcare Management System Wildlife Corridor & Ecosystem Designing Public Health Surveillance Others Social Management Biological Mapping Social Media Analytics Others Logistic & Other Network Designing Security Connectivity Constraint Computing Market, by Geography: The market is broadly segmented on the basis of geography into: North America Europe Asia Pacific Middle East and Africa South America Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4662497/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/connectivity-constraint-computing-market-social-management-logistic-and-other-network-designing-and-security---global-industry-analysis-trend-size-share-and-forecast-2016---2024-300400035.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Jan 31, 2017, 18:52 ET Preview: Western Europe: wood tar market Jan 31, 2017, 18:50 ET Preview: Western Europe: vinyl chloride copolymers market My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Feb 02, 2017, 18:26 ET2017 Asia-Pacific Infectious Disease Testing Market: Sales and... Feb 02, 2017, 18:25 ETAir Separation Plant Market by Process, Gas, End User, Region -... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Connectivity Constraint Computing Market, Social Management, Logistic and Other Network Designing, and Security) - Global Industry Analysis, Trend, Size, Share and Forecast 2016 - 2024 News provided by ReportBuyer Jan 31, 2017, 18:50 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
