39.0°, FAIR FORECAST SEARCH LOGIN SUBSCRIBE PITTSFIELD, MASS. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 2016 Toggle navigation Main menu News Local news National news World news Community news Education Police logs Calendar New England Lotteries Daniel Pearl Scholarship Sports Local sports Red Sox Yankees Patriots Giants Celtics Bruins Business Business news Real estate news Entertainment The 413 Berkshires Week Berkshires Week calendar Theater reviews Movie reviews The Ultimate Dining Guide Horoscopes TV listings Lifestyles Insights Berkshire lifestyles Health Food & recipes Outdoors Best of the Berkshires Announcements Opinion Editorials Letters to the editor Columnists Blogs Obituaries Today's obituaries View all Publications Special sections Book of Homes Berkshire Business News Marketplace Jobs Classifieds Top listings Place an ad Legal Notices Weekly Flyers Tools e-Edition Contact us Subscriber services Newspapers in Education RSS Letter: Walmart pays workers a respectable wage Posted Wednesday, September 7, 2016 3:36 am The Berkshire Eagle Walmart pays workers a respectable wage To the editor: I am a taxpayer in Berkshire County and find it hard to understand the Berkshire Central Labor Council objection to PEDA approving Walmart relocating to the William Stanley Park. PEDA was formed in 1998 and 18 years later the park has two tenants and no manufacturing companies negotiating for space. The Labor Council states the jobs promised by Walmart "would not offer wages nor benefits sufficient to support working families." Here are the facts to contradict the Council's conclusion. Walmart pays $14.69/hour for full-time workers with benefits. The minimum wage for the following states is significantly below Walmart's hourly rate. Massachusetts — $10, moving to $11 in 2017. Connecticut — $9.60, moving to $10.10 in 2017. Vermont — $9.60, moving to $10.00 in 2017. New Hampshire — $7.25, no planned increase. Greater New York state — $9.70, moving to $10.40 in 2017. Wait until these four states realize what Walmart pays compared to their minimum wage. They will welcome them and tell their voters how they have been able to increase their standard of living. Richard Jacobs, Lee Print Email Tweet TALK TO US If you'd like to leave a comment (or a tip or a question) about this story with the editors, please email us. We also welcome letters to the editor for publication; you can do that by filling out our letters form and submitting it to the newsroom. Local news 2 years behind bars for man who prompted lockdown at BMC in June PITTSFIELD - A lone shot fired in the air last May has landed a city man behind bars for two years. Dylan Ducharme, 21, was sentenced Thursday after pleading to multiple assault and weapons charges stemming from confrontation during which he … A Berkshire Baby Box for your baby to sleep in Beer, bourbon and wine tasting to benefit Dalton CRA reflooring North Adams looks to win $500,000 'makeover' In bid to grow organically, Berkshire Co-op Market looks to its members for expansion plan funding Read more Sports UMass basketball holds off Temple as teams renew rivalry McLaughlin's layup hands MCLA women's basketball first win of season Taconic football team not phased by spotlight of MIAA state semifinal game against Grafton Wahconah football in familiar position ahead of MIAA state semifinal against West Boylston Berkshire County cross-country athletes set for MIAA state championships Read more Trending Lee girl reports suspicious man in car Otis man with history of sex abuse complaints charged with raping 5-year-old girl Guyer out as Pittsfield's maintenance chief Williams students admit to post-election graffiti 3 face weapons charges after alleged shoplifting © , The Berkshire Eagle Contact us Terms of use Privacy policy Powered by Creative Circle Media Solutions
Home News News Tips Local News More TV6 News Political Page Election Results Illinois Iowa National International Fran Riley Features Traffic Conditions Traffic Cameras Entertainment News KWQC News App TV6 Text Video Watch Now Special Reports Top Video Full Newscasts Get a Copy of a Newscast NBC Portal BiteSizeTV Weather Straight To Six Almanac Closings Submit Closing Current Conditions Forecast KWQC Skycams Quad City Area River Levels Radar Satellite SatRad Weather Alerts Traffic Conditions Illinois Road Conditions Iowa Road Conditions QCWeather App Weather Blog Special Reports Sports Highlight Zone Highlight Zone Facebook Olympics Rio 2016 NCAA Tournament John Deere Classic Bix 7 Race Illinois Sports Headlines Iowa Sports Headlines Donia Daily Rose Bowl Paula Sands Live Submit Idea/Event Facebook Paula Sands Live Extra Recipes Recipe Archive PSL Bios Paula Sands Aubrey Jackson Choirs of Christmas 2015 Choirs of Christmas 2014 Deals Jobs Community Ascentra Making Cents – Tips Made in the QCA Midday Medical Dangerous Deficit: A Study In Sleep QC Tough Jobs Highlight Zone John Deere Classic Bix 7 Race Festival of Trees Parade Liam’s Long Journey Home I Heart Mom What’s in a name? More Meet The TV6 Team TV6 Job Openings Sign up for Email Alerts Sign up for Text Alerts History of KWQC Contact Us Contests Programs TV Listings QCA Gas Prices Viewer Photo Studio Tours 62° F Overcast Hi: 64° F Lo: 56° F Forecast Radar Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News News Tips Local News More TV6 News Political Page Election Results Illinois Iowa National International Fran Riley Features Traffic Conditions Traffic Cameras Entertainment News KWQC News App TV6 Text Featured: Bettendorf Davenport Moline Rock Island Latest Headlines Kansas mother fatally shot, week-old baby reported missing Updated: 5 mins ago WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — Authorities are searching for a missing week-old baby after her mother was found fatally shot in Wichita, Kansas. The W… Autopsy: Man shot self in Alabama police station Updated: 5 mins ago SELMA, Ala. (AP) — A preliminary autopsy shows that an Alabama man who died of a gunshot inside Selma’s police station shot himself to death… Hunt on for spelling-challenged bank robber in Massachusetts Updated: 13 mins ago Iowa City man dies in motorcycle crash near Lone Tree Updated: 6 mins ago Poland’s former president to be reburied following autopsy Updated: 26 mins ago Video Watch Now Special Reports Top Video Full Newscasts Get a Copy of a Newscast NBC Portal BiteSizeTV Weather Weather Straight To Six Almanac Closings Submit Closing Current Conditions Forecast KWQC Skycams Quad City Area River Levels Radar Satellite SatRad Weather Alerts Traffic Conditions Illinois Road Conditions Iowa Road Conditions QCWeather App Weather Blog Special Reports Current Conditions 62° F Overcast Feels Like: 62° F Wind: S 20 Humidity: 62% Dewpoint: 49° F Sunrise: 6:55 AM Sunset: 4:39 PM Forecast Radar Webcams Currently Sponsored by: Sports Highlight Zone Highlight Zone Facebook Olympics Rio 2016 NCAA Tournament John Deere Classic Bix 7 Race Illinois Sports Headlines Iowa Sports Headlines Donia Daily Rose Bowl Paula Sands Live Submit Idea/Event Facebook Paula Sands Live Extra Recipes Recipe Archive PSL Bios Paula Sands Aubrey Jackson Choirs of Christmas 2015 Choirs of Christmas 2014 Deals Jobs Community Ascentra Making Cents – Tips Made in the QCA Midday Medical Dangerous Deficit: A Study In Sleep QC Tough Jobs Highlight Zone John Deere Classic Bix 7 Race Festival of Trees Parade Liam’s Long Journey Home I Heart Mom What’s in a name? More Meet The TV6 Team TV6 Job Openings Sign up for Email Alerts Sign up for Text Alerts History of KWQC Contact Us Contests Programs TV Listings QCA Gas Prices Viewer Photo Studio Tours Search for: Search the site 62° F Overcast Hi: 64° F Lo: 56° F Rock Island spent $15 million hoping for Wal-Mart By Mark Stevens Published: September 6, 2016, 5:26 pm Updated: September 6, 2016, 6:19 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Related Coverage Walmart project in Rock Island falls through-Mayor comments ROCK ISLAND, Ill. (KWQC) – Rock Island spent millions to clear the way for a hoped-for Wal-Mart. Businesses had to move, buildings had to be torn down, and the land needed to be prepped for development. The city spent $15 million to obtain Watchtower Plaza and get it ready for a potential Wal-Mart. It borrowed the money on a line of credit. The city’s spending relocated businesses into new locations and new buildings. The Illinois Iowa center for Independent Living moved further north on 11th Street into a new location. Hill and Valley Bakery moved to the Quad City Industrial Center. A Black Hawk College unit moved south into a new building. The blighted shopping center was torn down, and the pavement ripped up and the ground smoothed over. There’s nothing left anymore except big piles of fill and the chief statue, watching over an empty lot. The city controls all the land. It hired a retail consultant two years ago to help market the city. Rock Island’s economic growth strategy is to increase its sales tax base. It hoped Wal-Mart would do that. The city estimated the big box store would generate $1.4 million in sales tax dollars every year and create 400 jobs. It’ll now have to find another retail outlet to fill the space as it hopes to strengthen the 11th street corridor and earn money on the city’s investment. The city created a new tax increment financing district in the Watchtower Plaza area to put new tax dollars into future redevelopment projects.n A 2014 study estimated the 70-acre area needed $126 million in new investment. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts TV-6 Investigates: Rock Island home demolitions Rock Island City manager to step down Walmart project in Rock Island falls through-Mayor comments Rock Island relocates its recycling center Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on KWQC.com Get A Copy Of A Newscast June 9, 2015 If you are looking for a copy of a story or an entire newscast you saw on KWQC-TV, Universal Information Services is taking over the workloa… Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KWQC.com © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Young Broadcasting of Davenport, Inc. An indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Media General, Inc. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Home News Weather Sports PSL Station KWQC History River Levels Straight To Six Viewer Photo Submit Closing Info Contests Business Contact Us FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Media General Terms of Use Privacy Policy Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Business Intelligence on Retailing, Franchising, and Consumerism in China Home News Categories Banking & Payment Business Clothing Cosmetics Department Stores Electronics FMCG Food & Beverage Furnishings Health Hotel & Travel Law & Order Logistics Luxury Goods Supermarkets Subscribe About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Wal-Mart To Invest CNY60 Million To Upgrade Kunming Stores September 7, 2016 The world's leading supermarket retailer Wal-Mart said that they are optimistic about their development in Yunnan province and will continue to enhance investment and construction to open four new outlets in the southern Chinese province, including one in Kunming, before the end of 2016. Meanwhile, the company expects to launch over 20 new stores in Yunnan, including 12 in Kunming, before the end of 2020. Jim Thompson, chief operating officer of Wal-Mart China, said that Wal-Mart is always confident in the Chinese market and it is committed to becoming the most trustworthy retailer. The year of 2016 marks the 20th anniversary for Wal-Mart 's entry into the Chinese market and it is also an important year for the company's development in Yunnan. They will not only invest over CNY60 million in upgrading existing stores in Kunming, but also will open four new stores in Yunnan before the end of 2016 to further accelerate local distribution. They hope that the store upgrades can bring a fresh appearance to provide customers with better product and shopping experiences as well as more convenient services. Over recent years, Wal-Mart has enhanced its existing stores while implementing stable expansion across China. So far, the company has invested over CNY350 million in this upgrade program, aiming to create a more comfortable shopping environment for consumers. Those upgraded stores reportedly had renovated walls and ceilings and installed high-performance air-conditioning pumps, LED lighting, and leaf vegetable spray racks. Related Topics:investmentJim ThompsonKunmingWal-MartYunnan Wal-Mart Plans 30 New Chinese Stores In 2014 Wal-Mart Plans To Accelerate Sam’s Club Development In China JD Forms Strategic Alliance With 17 Home Improvement Brands China Consumed Over 1,000 Tons Of Gold In 2013 Beijing Tongrentang Sets Up First Retail Store In Kunming New World Department Store To Acquire Kunming, Ningbo Businesses Be the first to comment on "Wal-Mart To Invest CNY60 Million To Upgrade Kunming Stores" Leave a comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website Search for: Email Newsletter Receive periodic free email newsletters about all the news and activities impacting the retail, FMCG, and franchising sectors in China! Email: Follow @ChinaRetailNews on Twitter! China Money Network Upcoming Events Convergence India 2017 @ New Delhi - 2017/02/08   Other China News ChinaTechNews.com: Didi Chuxing Cooperates With 150 Taxi Enterprises In China Chinese Consortium Rumored To Be Discussing Acquisition Of IDG Alipay Becomes Exclusive Mobile Payment Channel In Mainland China MUJI Stores Qualcomm Opens First Global Semiconductor Manufacturing Test Facility In Shanghai GreenChinaTech: Chinese Electric Bus Manufacturer Lands USA Deal American Electric Car Manufacturer To Build In China U.S. Clean Water Company Makes Chinese Inroads GE Will Promote Wind Power Through New Chinese Education Center ChinaSourcingNews.com: Qualcomm Sets Up Semiconductor Test Factory In Shanghai Best Logistics Closes Good Investment For International Expansion CloserStill Media Launches Smart IoT Hong Kong for 2017 New Generation of Orbis Flying Eye Hospital Launches in China Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Corrections and Disclosure Policy Join About Us Contact Us Copyright 2016 ChinaRetailNews.com. All Rights Reserved. A service of Asia Media Network. If you would like to syndicate these articles and posts, please utilize the RSS feed for this online publication, which provides a brief summary of each post with a link back to the original article. Posting of any other part of the articles or posts on this website, in whole or in part, is expressly prohibited without express written permission from ChinaRetailNews.com.
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»White Privilege? Study Says Walmarts Are Nicer In The Burbs 06.09.2016 | 23:00 (6 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News White Privilege? Study Says Walmarts Are Nicer In The Burbs BENTONVILLE (dpa-AFX) - Walmart operates better stores with good services in white neighborhoods than in minority neighborhoods, according to a new study. The study found that stores in lower-income neighborhoods have considerably lower customer service ratings than those in wealthier ones. The study also claims that the higher the number of black or Latino residents in a place, the worse a Walmart there would rate. The study published by Andy Reich, a Columbia University Assistant Professor of Sociologyyear was based on Walmart customer satisfaction from data of the 35,000 total Yelp reviews across 2,800 Walmart outlets nationwide. According the researcher, the one of the reason for the disparity might be because the retail giant generally do not staff stores in low-income neighborhoods adequately as competition are not a big priority in those areas. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Subscribe Buy E-N Merchandise Contact Us About Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Place a Classified Ad Privacy Policy Site Terms of Use Newsletters & Text Alerts Find a Business in S.A. News Archives San Antonio holidays will be full of celebrations, events, Paris dazzled in the 1920s as a melting pot of celebrities Mock assassination of Trump stirs controversy at San Antonio Outdoors: Calendar, Nov. 18 Local News by Neighborhood Texas Obituaries Traffic Weather Lake and River Levels S.A. History Guide to San Antonio San Antonio Charity Breaking News Video Classified Marketplace SAPD: Handgun licensee shoots man who was firing gun into air in Mock assassination of Trump stirs controversy at San Antonio Rohm, who started printing business in the 1980s, also mentored SAPD: Two Crip gang members arrested, one at large after shooting US & World Breaking News Anywhere Border & Mexico US World Health Care Politics Military Track Flights Strange News Trump taps Sessions, Flynn, Pompeo for top positions Volkswagen to shed 30,000 jobs, cutting costs after scandal Kanye West says if he'd voted, he would've voted for Trump Museum as shoeseum: What our footwear says about our souls Business Local Eagle Ford & Energy National & International Automotive News Top Workplaces in S.A. Technology Business Features Finance Features Business Careers Tech Features Press Releases CST shareholders approve merger with Circle K parent company Tesoro now 5th-largest U.S. refiner with Western Refining Tesoro buys Western Refining for $4.1 billion NRP Group will build first apartment complex at Lone Star Sports San Antonio Spurs Sports Nation NBA NFL MLB Soccer Colleges College Football College Basketball High School Scores High Schools Outdoors: Calendar, Nov. 18 Basketball: Thursday’s high school results Texas A&M, Miami nearing deal on future home-and-home series Ticket prices near all-time high to see Spurs retire Duncan's Food Restaurants Food Voted Best in S.A. Recipes & Cooking Bars & Drinks Snacks and Entertaining Guide to Food in S.A. Sponsored: Sip, Savor, Celebrate Signature by Andrew Weissman names chef, general manager New distillery opens in San Antonio Pub Crawl: Ringer fit for a Dude Just a Taste: A smokescreen at Buck’s BBQ Entertainment What S.A. is Watching Things To Do Fiesta 2016 Halloween Celebrity Buzz Comics Puzzles Horoscope Movies & TV Music & Stage Arts & Culture Guide to San Antonio Readers' Choice Photos at S.A. Parties Destinations Brass Monkey spins beats, booze for ThurzGayz anniversary San Antonio holidays will be full of celebrations, events, Paris dazzled in the 1920s as a melting pot of celebrities Review: 'The Other Mozart' intrigues at Tobin Center Lifestyle Wedding Announcements Bridal Ideas Travel & Outdoors Destinations Health & Family Senior Living Home & Garden Home Decorating Trends & Style Beauty and Fitness Tips Better Living Tips Gift Ideas Pets Green Living Christmas celebrated all around Texas Unique Alamo Heights cottage is for the birds San Antonians mourn loss of Phantom Room to fire on social media Fewer U.S. parents are spanking their kids Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Columnists Third & Ave. E Editorial Cartoons Josh Brodesky Robert Seltzer O. Ricardo Pimentel Bruce Davidson Maria Anglin Gloria Padilla Your Turn: Nov. 18 Not so sure about upper deck on I-35 SBOE should reject offensive Mexican American studies book Facebook degrades the national conversation Cars Car Tips and Help News & Reviews Vehicle Search Car Features Latest Car Reviews Hyundai’s compact Elantra sedan updated for 2017 with new Jeep introduces a 4WD Overland version for the 2016 Cherokee New Ram Power Wagon arrives late this year as a 2017 model, with Jobs Salary Wizard Top Workplaces Career Features DIVIDED AMERICA: Easy retirement? Only for a privileged few US home construction jumped by largest amount in 34 years Trump's future role looms over Asia-Pacific summit in Peru Homes Home Search Apartment Search Land Rentals Open Houses New Homes Search Hill Country Living New Construction Real Estate Tips Home Yard Tips Home DIY Kitchen, Bed and Bath Home Decorating Single-family homes just listed for sale in San Antonio Open houses in the San Antonio area this weekend Ranches for sale in Texas you can afford Sitterle New Homes ExpressNews.com MenuSections http://www.mysanantonio.com/news/local/crime/article/SAPD-releases-identity-of-man-found-dead-in-his-9205745.php SAPD identifies 63-year-old man found dead in his trunk in Walmart parking lot By Tyler White Published 3:03 pm, Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Image 1of/3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 Jerry Gonzaba, 63, was found dead in the trunk of his car in a Walmart parking lot on the Southwest Side of San Antonio on Sept. 2, 2016. Jerry Gonzaba, 63, was found dead in the trunk of his car in a Walmart parking lot on the Southwest Side of San Antonio on Sept. 2, 2016. Image 2 of 3 A 63-year-old man was found dead inside the trunk of his vehicle on the Southwest Side in a Walmart parking lot on Sept. 1-2, 2016. A 63-year-old man was found dead inside the trunk of his vehicle on the Southwest Side in a Walmart parking lot on Sept. 1-2, 2016. Photo: Google Image 3 of 3 A 63-year-old man was found dead inside the trunk of his vehicle on the Southwest Side in a Walmart parking lot on Sept. 1-2, 2016. A 63-year-old man was found dead inside the trunk of his vehicle on the Southwest Side in a Walmart parking lot on Sept. 1-2, 2016. Photo: Google SAPD identifies 63-year-old man found dead in his trunk in Walmart parking lot 1 / 3 Back to Gallery SAN ANTONIO — Police identified on Tuesday the man who was found dead inside his trunk in a Walmart parking lot last week on the Southwest Side. Jerry Gonzaba, 63, was found deceased in the trunk of his vehicle around 1 a.m. Friday in a Walmart parking lot in the 8500 block of Interstate 35 South. A previous report said officers were able to track him via an ankle monitor he was wearing for probation. RELATED: Man, 63, found dead inside the trunk of his car in Walmart parking lot on Southwest Side SAPD Sgt. Jesse Salame said the man’s probation officer reported him missing after he did not check in for curfew, which was “out of character” for the man. During the investigation, officers had to force open the man’s vehicle in order to find him in the trunk. RELATED: SAPD charges man accused of fatally stabbing 30-year-old mother of 3 on North Side Gonzaba has a few theft of property charges on his criminal record, according to records pulled by the San Antonio Express-News. Most Popular 1 28-year-old died of asphyxia after falling 20 feet in vehicle... 2 Husband suspected in death of Stone Oak kindergarten teacher... 3 Police: UTSA student, 18, arrested after refilling cup without... The police have not released any new information regarding this case. Text "NEWS" to 72727 to sign up for breaking news from mySA News researcher Mike Knoop contributed to this report. twhite@mysa.com Twitter: @tylerlwhite Duncan Jersey Retirement Ceremony Ticket prices near all-time high to see Duncan jersey ceremony Memes: Spurs fans react to Duncan jersey retirement Duncan stars in second batch of H-E-B commercials The Latest SAPD: Handgun licensee shoots man who was firing gun into air Authorities raid TX ‘concentration camp’ horse ranch Emergency room wait times at hospitals around S.A. Beaumont's first bungalow, former Janis Joplin hangout on the... TV actress dies at 52 after battle with depression UTSA student faces life in prison for alleged soda theft, scuffle Husband suspected in death of Stone Oak kindergarten teacher World's biggest airplane lands at Bush airport Toys "R" Us Black Friday 2016 ad circular released Weekly dance party goes off with a bang on St. Mary's Strip George Strait takes it easy at secret S.A.-area show 35 things to do in San Antonio this weekend Playboy playmates sue S.A. strip club over racy ads Playboy Playmate charged for naked body-shaming photo Celebrities who posed for Playboy Inside the Obamas' first home after the White House What Trump could mean for White House style The 10 best Michelle Obama memes Today in 1999: A tragedy ended an A&M tradition PHOTOS: Victims of the A&M bonfire collapse Look back: When a sniper terrorized UT Recent Breaking News Police: S.A. man threatened to kill parents who didn't vote... SAPD: Two Crip gang members arrested, one at large after shooting Photos show arrest of 6 alleged smugglers with 300 pounds of... 60-Second Clips Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Xbox One S 500GB Console Bundle for $299 + free shipping WalmartPosted 1 day 16 hr ago SHOP NOW This Is Your Life Poster for $10 + free shipping That Daily DealPosted 2 hr 14 min ago SHOP NOW Jockey Men's Slim-Fit Crew T-Shirt 3-Pack for $8 + free shipping eBayPosted 1 day 2 hr ago SHOP NOW Candy Variety Packs: Deals from $4 + pickup at Walmart WalmartPosted 1 day 3 hr ago Sign Up for Email Alerts Sign up for our email services. Stop any time.    Breaking news    Morning headlines    Today's most-read stories    Evening headlines    Traffic alerts    Weather alerts    Politics news & alerts    Border & Mexico news & alerts    Obituaries    Today's Deals from DealNews EMAIL: Click here to sign up for Sports, Neighborhoods and more Email Alerts. Sign Up for Text Alerts Most Popular 1 28-year-old died of asphyxia after falling 20 feet in vehicle... 2 Husband suspected in death of Stone Oak kindergarten teacher... 3 Police: UTSA student, 18, arrested after refilling cup without... 4 Mock assassination of Trump stirs controversy at San Antonio... 5 3 Playboy playmates sue San Antonio strip club over racy ads 6 Best fan photos from George Strait's secret Gruene Hall concert 7 St. Anthony standout banned from playing high school basketball 8 Clinic raid in San Antonio came from federal probe of compound... 9 Scarlett Fakhar says she was fired by KRIV-TV following... 10 Vigil with about 100 honors Texas State student found dead on... 11 Alexandria Vera, teacher impregnated by 13-year-old student,... 12 Raw video: Arizona police officer punches woman in face during... 13 35-year-old charged with soliciting sex with teen boy is son... 14 Alabama man sentenced to 40 years after murdering man who... 15 Boys basketball: St. Anthony star Bassey, others ruled... View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Corporate Home Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Newsroom Contacts Purchase Photos Place a Classified Ad Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Subscribe San Antonio Express-News ExpressNews.com iPad app eEdition Search Our News Archive Manage Your Subscription Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscribe now Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Haze68° FULL FORECASTHaze68° FULL FORECAST Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Macdill Trump White House could boost Tampa defense industry, experts say US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Here's why Toys "R" Us is all about Tampa Bay right now Trump taps Sen. Sessions for attorney general, Rep. Pompeo for head of CIA Polk County inmate located, arrested after stealing county truck, fleeing from jobsite Largo proposes moratorium proposed on marijuana dispensaries Trump's pick for national security adviser brings experience and controversy News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana State Roundup After Trump meeting, Scott says 'I'm staying in Florida' Top News Trump taps Sen. Sessions for attorney general, Rep. Pompeo for head of CIA Trump's pick for national security adviser brings experience and controversy Obama gathers key Europe leaders amid questions about Trump (w/video) Treasure Island voters speak loudly on redevelopment measures The Clinton team blames Comey for election loss; Trump team is doing him no favors. Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Evan Longoria Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More Lightning Strikes Assessing Lightning's prospects with Stamkos out about 4 months Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News Lightning tops Sabres Assessing Lightning's prospects with Stamkos out about 4 months Role reversals for Clearwater's Jarius Williams and Adarius Lemons Fennelly: It's impossible not to feel bad for Steven Stamkos Deal set to dismiss domestic assault case against Johnny Manziel Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2016 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Florida Lighted drones dazzle the night sky over Disney in new holiday show (w/video) Top News Five ideas for pears: chips, crostini, soup and more From the food editor: Four not-so-traditional dessert ideas for Thanksgiving dinner Nine stuffing recipes for apples, squash and your Thanksgiving turkey 5 things to do under $5: Sand sculptors on Treasure Island, free ferry rides, CraftArt Festival Iberian Rooster brings Portuguese street food to downtown St. Petersburg starting Friday Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Corcoran's strong reforms for the Florida House Top Opinion Editorial: Bill Law's strong record at SPC Henderson: Sitting out on any race shouldn't be an election option Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Water Tampa and Cuba, once Cold War enemies, now work together to save the ocean Top News Welcome to McDonald's! May I take your order ... and bring it to your table? Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Walmart stores around Tampa Bay found selling expired products, including baby food By Justine Griffin and Alli Knothe, Times Staff Writers JUSTINE GRIFFINALLI KNOTHETampa Bay Times Tuesday, September 6, 2016 4:03pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged Previous Next Previous Next First came the irritation when Deneen Wyman discovered she had bought expired baby formula at an area Walmart store on Sunday. Then came the added insult when she sought a refund and was sold yet another baby formula that had been outdated since May. Related News/Archive Expired food and baby formula remained on Walmart shelves in low-income areas even after publicity 1 Month Ago Sports Authority to close all its stores including 12 in the Tampa Bay area 6 Months Ago Millennials drive grocers like Publix and Winn-Dixie to feature food produced around Tampa Bay 3 Months Ago It wasn't an isolated incident. Wyman, a handful of other local shoppers and Tampa Bay Times reporters have found dozens of expired merchandise on the shelves at Walmart stores in Hillsborough and Pinellas counties. In addition to the Walmart store where Wyman shopped, The Times found three more Walmart locations in Pinellas and Hillsborough counties had expired goods on the shelves on Tuesday, from three-week-old expired sour cream to Gerber brand butternut squash and potato baby food that expired in February. Reporters also found expired prenatal and children's vitamins, children's allergy and fever medication and baby formula. Walmart took notice of the issue Tuesday, both at the corporate level and at the St. Petersburg location cited by Wyman, where workers were busy rechecking expiration dates Tuesday morning. "We want all of our customers to have the best experience possible while shopping with us, and we take out-of-date merchandise seriously. We are currently working to address the situation," said Charles Crowson, senior manager with Walmart's corporate communications. Officials with Walmart's local management had reached out to at least one local customer, Terri Lipsey Scott, who had complained about the products on Facebook on Tuesday. "I returned to the store to see if anything had changed and was approached by the store manager," Scott said. "He promised me that they were making an effort to clear the inventory of old merchandise and were bringing in staff from other stores to do so." Wyman bought Enfamil Reguline formula from the Walmart Neighborhood Market at 1794 22nd St. S. for her son during what she hoped would be a quick trip over the long weekend. Wyman had moved to a midtown neighborhood in St. Petersburg a month ago, but didn't shop regularly at that Walmart. She didn't notice until she got home that the formula she bought for her infant son was expired. It had expired on Sept. 1, just a few days prior. "So I went back to the store and spoke to customer service. They gave me a refund and apologized, so I changed out the milk," she said. When she got home a second time, she noticed that the second one she had purchased was also expired. This time the expiration date was May 1. "I usually shop at Publix downtown but they don't sell this brand," Wyman said. "But I know I would have never had this problem at any Publix location. What really bothers me is that it's happening in a community that's already poverty stricken and this community depends on this store." Scott posted about her experience on Facebook Monday with photos showing expired nicotine lozenges, expired fiber supplement and expired baby food. The post went viral with more than 80 comments as of midday Tuesday and had been shared more than 200 times. A half dozen employees were seen replacing goods, from packaged cheese to vitamins, in the Walmart Neighborhood Market in midtown on Tuesday morning. Workers were checking dates on items offered for sale and were removing some and replacing them with fresher products. A similar scene was happening at the Walmart Supercenter on 34th Street S in St. Petersburg Tuesday morning. Workers were checking items in the dairy and baby food sections and replacing them with new items. A Times reporter found expired sour cream from Aug. 15 on the shelf along with Enfamil baby formula that expired on July 1. In Tampa, a Times reporter found expired prenatal vitamins, children's allergy medication and expired baby food from February at the Walmart Supercenter on 4302 W Gandy Blvd. and at a Walmart Neighborhood Market on 1601 W Kennedy Blvd. Most of the expired goods came from the Walmart Neighborhood Market, which, like the one in midtown St. Petersburg, serves poorer communities. Employees were stocking shelves, but it didn't appear that anyone was checking specifically for expired items as they were in Pinellas County. The average grocery store has more than 40,000 products on the shelves, said David Vikes, spokesman for the Food Marketing Institute, a food safety organization. Vikes declined to comment specifically about Walmart, but said: "It's hard to keep up with the rotation for each individual item." Wyman said she worried that shoppers could be caught unaware. "Some families don't know how to read these expiration dates or know where to look for them," she said. "It really bothered me to see that there were still expired products there for sale." "This is another example of buyer beware," said Nan Jensen, a registered dietitian with Pinellas County Cooperative Extension. "I expect Walmart will take a long hard look at their stocking practices." It is unlikely that the baby food that expired in February would make a child sick, she said, though it could lead to a vitamin deficiency. She noted that the real risk lies in the lost nutritional value that is guaranteed by the manufacturer up until the expiration date. "I would be most concerned with the formula," Jensen said. "You could end up feeding your baby little more than liquid without the extra vitamins and minerals. We should expect a whole lot more." This isn't the first time Walmart or another grocer has sold expired food and perishable goods on its shelves. In 2008, the state of New Jersey filed a lawsuit against Walmart, Target and a local grocery store chain over selling expired infant formula. Target settled the case for $375,000. Walmart settled two years later for $775,000. In the late 1990s, shoppers in Florida and Alabama sued Winn-Dixie Stores Inc. for relabeling expired food. Contact Justine Griffin at jgriffin@tampabay.com or @SunBizGriffin and Alli Knothe at aknothe@tampabay.com or @Knothea. Expiration date explanations Best if used by: This is the suggested date from the manufacturer that guarantees the best flavor and quality of a food product. The product is safe for consumption after this point, but the taste may be compromised. Use by: This is the date the manufacturer has recommended for use of the product. The food product is safe for consumption after this date, but the flavor or quality may not be as good as when it was initially produced. Sell by: This is the date that tells retailers when the manufacturer thinks the food product should be removed from the shelves. Infant formula: Federal regulations require a "use by" label on infant formula under FDA inspection. If stored too long, the formula can separate and clog. The "use by" date is selected by the manufacturer or distributor of the product. Do not buy or use baby formula after its "use-by" date. Source: Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services and the U.S. Department of Agriculture Food Safety and Inspection Service Walmart stores around Tampa Bay found selling expired products, including baby food 09/06/16 [Last modified: Wednesday, September 7, 2016 10:27am] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2016 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Today's top stats MORE Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Purchase photos Reprints and licensing Online store Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2016 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
    Home | About | Archives | Sponsorship | Contact Us | Submit / Suggest            Wal-Mart's Long Game Poised To Reap Rewards In Mexico by Howard Lake, National Retail Federation Posted: Tuesday, September 6, 2016 at 3:32PM EDT Mexico is a retail market fast reaching its developmental peak. As such, competition is ramping up, with local players like Soriana eager to make up ground on market leader Wal-Mart. Having absorbed domestic rival Comercial Mexicana, Soriana has set an ambitious growth plan from 2018 onwards. Wal-Mart, however, is unlikely to be seriously challenged any time soon, as its multi-format strategy — hypermarkets/discount-bodega stores/warehouse clubs — ensures it covers a broad swath of the population. This does not mean that Walmart of Mexico and Central America, or Walmex, is resting on its laurels. Previous commitments to enhance areas like logistics and the integration of its digital platforms are beginning to bear fruit. Walmex has been busily sustaining funding across its diverse portfolio to ensure its various offerings are properly differentiated. This is becoming increasingly important as the Mexican market matures and changing demographics shift consumer habits and needs. With the consumer price index forecast to remain stable for the near term and both overall and per capital gross domestic product predicted to climb significantly through 2020, this is a market where shopper expectations will see significant change. More sophisticated assortments will become far more prized by Mexican consumers as tastes mature. Health and wellness, too, will likely become a particular concern to shoppers, especially in the fast-growing middle class segment. To read the rest of the story, please go to: National Retail Federation Print Article Send Article Respond Permalink Share Article   del.icio.us   Facebook   Newsvine   LinkedIn   Reddit   StumbleUpon   Twitter Bakery  Dairy  Deli  Floral   Meat & Poultry  Produce  Seafood  Retail & Foodsvc             Got News? Send your latest press releases and announcements to RetailPR@PerishableNews.com © 2016 Phoenix Media Network Inc., All Rights Reserved
Subscribe to Kane County Chronicle 59°FOvercastFull Forecast News News Home Local Get Newsletter Government Education Local Business Town News and Info Community Dining Police Reports Finance Face Time Corrections Get App Sports Sports Home Preps Columns Chicago Steel Kane County Cougars Community Sports Athlete of the Month Get App Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Bears Features A&E Artist Q&A Books Chit Chat Everyday Heroes Features Food & Drink Health Lifestyle Movies Music Mystery Diner Planit Kane Taste of the Town Theater Weekend Life Opinion Opinion Home Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Editorial Cartoons Photos Photo Lists Photo Store Share Photos Galleries Archive Video News Video Live Video Planit Events Calendar Local Deals Share   Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Campus Report Eagle Scout Engagement Announcement Girl Scout Gold Award recipient Join the Birthday Club Letters to the Editor Local Band Spotlight Neighbors Press Release Service Report Share Photos Sidetracks Press Release Submit an Event Support Group Listings Wedding Announcement More About Us Advertise Business Showcase Celebrations Contact Coupons Deals Dining e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Fox River Bike Trails Forms Kane County Magazine Public Notices RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Weather News Sports Pro Football Weekly Features Opinion Obits Photos Video Planit Text Alerts Newsletter Share More Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified St. Charles Geneva Batavia Elburn Sugar Grove Batavia police reports Published: Tuesday, Sept. 6, 2016 1:46 p.m. CST Information in Police Reports is obtained from the Batavia Police Department. Individuals in Police Reports who have been charged with a crime have not been proven guilty in court. • LaBron D. Shaw, 33, of the 1100 block of East Wilson Street, Batavia, was charged Sept. 1 with retail theft from Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • A case of credit card fraud was reported Sept. 1 in the 1500 block of Haines Drive, Batavia. • Ignacio Huerta, 21, of the 500 block of Ashton Avenue, Aurora, was charged Aug. 31 with speeding, driving without a license and obstructing identification. He was also arrested on a Kendall County warrant. • Victor A. Paredes, 29, of the 1000 block of Grand Boulevard, Aurora, was charged Aug. 30 with retail theft from Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • Patricia A. Schweihs, 57, of the 600 block of Sennett Street, Batavia, was charged Aug. 30 with retail theft from Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • Cody G. Rodman, 23, of the 42W300 block of Still Meadows Lane, Elburn, was ticketed Aug. 30 with possession of alcohol on park district property. • Joseph R. Lakomek, 19, of the 100 block of Brookhaven Court, Sugar Grove, was charged Aug. 30 with underage drinking. • A hula dancer figurine was reported stolen Aug. 29 from an unlocked car in the 100 block of South Harrison Street, Batavia. • A case of identity theft was reported Aug. 29 in the 600 block of South Batavia Avenue, Batavia. Fraudulent charges totaling $787.92 reportedly were charged to a credit card. • A case of identity theft was reported Aug. 29 in the 700 block of Newberry Drive, Batavia. Someone reportedly purchased a vehicle under the victim’s name. The victim reportedly did a credit check and found four more credit inquiries had been made. • A lock for a spare tire was reported damaged Aug. 28 in the 1600 block of Beels Court, Batavia. Replacement costs were estimated at $200. • Jethzabel M. Cintron, 19, of the 300 block of Grant Place, Aurora, was charged Aug. 27 with retail theft from Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • Jason D. Walker, 40, of the 400 block of Churchill Court, Batavia, was charged Aug. 26 with two counts of domestic battery. • A case of identity theft was reported Aug. 26 in the 1700 block of South Court, Batavia. Someone reportedly tried to collect unemployment benefits under someone else’s name. • Maria C. Murillo, 58, of the 300 block of Hidden Creek Lane, North Aurora, was charged Aug. 26 with retail theft from Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • Francisco J. Ortiz, 24, of the 400 block of Ann Street, West Chicago, was charged Aug. 26 with improper lane use, driving with a blood alcohol content greater than 0.08 percent, driving with a suspended license, speeding, failure to signal when required, driving without insurance and illegal transportation of alcohol. Previous Page|1|2|Next Page Related Links Adopt A Family project in Batavia underscores residents' generosity Batavia Mayor Schielke talks turkey at annual chamber breakfast Batavia library trustee nomination packets available Batavia Mothers’ Club Foundation tops $15,000 at charity craft show Batavia police reports Batavia plans conversation on adolescent mental health Get breaking and town-specific news sent to your phone. Sign up for text alerts from the Kane County Chronicle. More News Kane County state's attorney hopes to forge conviction integrity unitNov. 16, 2016 - 7:44 am Batavia police reportsNov. 15, 2016 - 12:37 pm Kane County Sheriff's Office reportsNov. 15, 2016 - 12:58 pm 12 more motor vehicle burglaries reported in Sugar GroveNov. 11, 2016 - 5:00 am Sugar Grove police reportsNov. 10, 2016 - 6:00 am Kane County Sheriff's Office reportsNov. 8, 2016 - 8:28 pm About Us | Contact Us | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Place a Classified Ad | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs About Our Ads | Cars on AutoTrader.com | Local Business Showcase Customer Service: toll-free (800) 589-9363 Copyright © 2016 Kane County Chronicle. All rights reserved. Published in St. Charles, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»WAL-MART AKTIE»MoneyGram Unveils New Online Money Transfer Service Platform With Walmart WAL-MART STORES INC 65,19  Euro +0,358 +0,55 % WKN: 860853  ISIN: US9311421039 Ticker-Symbol: WMT  Frankfurt | 18.11.16 | 09:33 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheHandel AktienmarktDJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 64,49 64,66 15:41 64,45 64,59 15:41 06.09.2016 | 15:37 (6 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News MoneyGram Unveils New Online Money Transfer Service Platform With Walmart BENTONVILLE (dpa-AFX) - MoneyGram (MGI) and Walmart announced launch of a new state-of-the-art online money transfer platform that offers customers new features and a streamlined experience when sending money through Walmart.moneygram.com. 'Improving the customer experience to save time as well as money is a priority for Walmart,' says Kirsty Ward, senior director of Financial Services, Walmart U.S. 'This new digital experience for MoneyGram transfers at Walmart.com is another example of delivering seamless solutions for customers wherever they choose to shop.' Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu MONEYGRAM INTERNATIONAL INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Mi MoneyGram: More Than Just A Trump Effect ► Artikel lesen Di Highest Future Earnings Growth in the Data Processing & Outsourced Services Industry Detected in Shares of MoneyGram International ► Artikel lesen 07.11. MoneyGram baut Dienstleistungen zum Bargeldtransfer auf Bankkonten auf den Philippinen aus BPI-Kunden können Geldtransfers jetzt auch direkt aufs Bankkonto erhalten Manila, Philippinen (ots/PRNewswire) - MoneyGram (http://www.moneygram.com/) verkündete heute die Unterzeichnung einer Partnerschaftsvereinbarung... ► Artikel lesen 04.11. MoneyGram Extends Cash to Account Footprint in the Philippines BPI's customers can now receive money directly to bank accounts MANILA, Philippines, Nov. 4, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- MoneyGram announced today the signing of a partnership agreement with Bank of... ► Artikel lesen 04.11. BRIEF-MoneyGram says extends cash to account footprint in Philippines ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu WAL-MART STORES INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 15:28 Retail Earnings Alert: Checking Out Best Buy, Staples and Walmart ► Artikel lesen 13:04 Wal-Mart-Aktie: Beim Bruch der 200-Tage-Linie Position verlassen! Aktienanalyse Kulmbach - Wal-Mart-Aktie: Beim Bruch der 200-Tage-Linie Position verlassen! Aktienanalyse Martin Weiss, stellvertretender Chefredakteur vom Anlegermagazin "Der Aktionär", rät in einer aktuellen Aktienanalyse... ► Artikel lesen 12:26 Wal-Mart Tackles Food Safety With Test of Blockchain Technology ► Artikel lesen 10:58 Walmart: Online-Sparte legt zu - Gewinn sinkt Der Gewinn des weltgrößten Einzelhändlers Walmart sank, verglichen mit 2015, um 8,2 % auf 3 Mrd. Dollar (2,8 Mrd. Euro). Allerdings kann man beim zweiten Blick auf die Zahlen feststellen, dass Walmart... ► Artikel lesen 09:22 BSN Spitouts Ranking: Wal-Mart stürzt im Dow-Ranking ab Diese Ranking-Änderungen hat die Statistikdatenbank des BSN ausgespuckt. ATX Folgende Veränderungen im ytd-Ranking: RBI (1 Platz gutgemacht, von 6 auf 5); dazu, Verbund (-1, von 5 auf 6), CA Immo (+1... ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart MONEYGRAM INTERNATIONAL INC Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % MONEYGRAM INTERNATIONAL INC 9,902 -0,11 % WAL-MART STORES INC 65,19 +0,55 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: These Men Are Leading the Turnarounds at McDonald's and Wal-Mart They rose through the ranks over two decades and now hold the reins to two industry titans. Sarah Priestley (TMFSarahp) Sep 6, 2016 at 7:00AM McDonald's (NYSE:MCD) and Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT), the undisputed leaders in their industries, have undergone notable turnaround efforts in the past few years after both companies came under the new leadership of Steve Easterbrook and Doug McMillon, respectively. In this episode of Industry Focus: Consumer Goods, Motley Fool analysts Vincent Shen and Sarah Priestley look at their paths to the CEO office and their respective visions for each company, including new initiatives, early results, and the challenges that remain. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Aug. 30, 2016. Vincent Shen: This episode of Industry Focus is brought to you by Rocket Mortgage by Quicken Loans. Rocket Mortgage brings the mortgage process into the 21st century with a fast, easy, and completely online process. Check out Rocket Mortgage today at quickenloans.com/fool. Welcome, Fools, to the latest episode of Industry Focus, the podcast that dives into a different sector of the stock market every day. I'm your host, Vincent Shen. It is Tuesday, Aug. 30, and today, I have the great pleasure of introducing Sarah Priestley, who's making her Industry Focus debut -- kind of -- at least, for the Consumer Goods sector. I know you've been on the show with Dylan for Tech a few times. How are you doing, Sarah? Sarah Priestley: I'm good! Thank you very much for having me. Shen: Are you excited? Priestley: Yeah, very excited. This is interesting for me, very interesting -- not, obviously, that tech isn't. Hopefully Dylan won't listen to this podcast. (laughs) Shen: So, we have a great discussion for you today. But I wanted to mention that Sarah and I are pretty excited that, at this moment, there's about 36 hours remaining to the month of August, because we've been suffering through the past 30 days, after we decided to try to kick sugar along with a few other Fools here at HQ. Basically, the rule was no added sugar. Things like fruit are fine, but the good stuff, things like ice cream, chocolate, are no-go. And you can't forget that a lot of savory foods, too, like pasta and bread, I've been missing pizza a lot, even ketchup has added sugar too. So, Sarah, I have to ask you, what has been the toughest thing for you to avoid in August, in terms of sweets? Priestley: Chocolate. Chocolate has been missing from my life. Shen: That's a very common answer among the people who are participating, as something that's hard. I have to say, when the clock strikes midnight tomorrow, what's the first thing you think you're going to be eating, if you're up at that time? Priestley: My parents came a few weeks ago, and they brought some British confectionery, which I'm very partial to. So, I have some stored British confectionery that I may crack out at midnight tomorrow. Shen: That's a very good choice. I think I might be waiting with a spoon and a pint of ice cream, frankly, but we'll see. I'm not really sure yet.  Getting down to business, Sarah had suggested a really interesting topic for the show today, basically around executive leadership and the impact that new CEOs have had in two major companies in the consumer retail world that have been struggling in one way or another over the past few years. Our first company is McDonald's, now led by Steve Easterbrook, who's been at the helm for about 20 months at this point. Sarah, what is Easterbrook's story? Let's start with that. How did he get to that position? We'll go from there. Priestley: Steve Easterbrook started January of last year. He's pretty young. He's only 49. He's been working at McDonald's almost since he left college. He started in 1993. He attended Hamburger U, which is the internal training program. He headed McDonald's U.K. and then went on to head international, and left for a brief period of time to CEO for PizzaExpress and Wagamama, in the U.K., which I know that you're not familiar with. But if you envision, if you will, a mix between Chipotle and Olive Garden that's kind of what you've got. It's a step above fast casual, because it still has table service, but it's in that realm. Shen: So, he's obviously spent many years with McDonald's -- pretty much his entire career except for that short hiatus of just two or three years. Prior to Easterbrook taking the role, I think a lot of people who follow McDonald's, in general, who see headlines ... Comparable restaurant growth at the company was trending downward into negative territory across a lot of its major markets since 2012. The brand was losing, I think, a lot of its luster among consumers and investors. Competition in the restaurant industry was definitely very intense. You had fast-casual entrance, in general, among the big incumbents.  So, Easterbrook takes the job. What do you think, at the time, were the biggest issues on the docket that he needed to address? Priestley: Well, I think for anybody coming into this position, it's the scale of the company. The company is so huge that any change they make has to be pretty impressive to move the needle. To just give you a very brief idea of how big the company is -- they once considered including blueberries in one of the menu items. In one day, overnight, they looked at buying one third of the U.S.'s capacity for blueberries. It's a massive company. Anything they do really has to be quite huge. Then, I think you touched on a couple of the issues. There was definitely a lack of consumer favorability toward the brand. And you even saw this in the restaurants, they started to get a little bit degraded. And then, I think, competition from fast-casual companies. We've mentioned already Chipotle. And also, generally, the environment is moving much more toward healthy eating options, which they didn't cater to very well. Shen: Sure. With that context, there's definitely been a lot of initiatives that he has kicked off, or things he has put into place to start what you call the turnaround. The stock's definitely bounced back quite a bit, I'd say, from the approximately $90 per share that it was trading at in January 2015 when he started. We can get to that a little later, I really want to focus more on the qualitative side. What do you think were the things that worked and didn't work? In general, what did he kick off since taking the reins, essentially? Priestley: He started these initiatives. At the end of this year, they're going to transition from these turnaround plans to a more long-term progression. It's interesting, when he announced the turnaround, Forbes called the video in which he released it spectacularly awful. It was called a yawnfest. And the stock actually fell 2%. So you can see, initially, there wasn't very much support behind what he was saying. My personal feeling on this is that Steve Easterbrook happens to be British. I feel like we are not particularly good at show business and showmanship, and I think that's probably why his presentation was lacking a little bit feeling behind it. Shen: Sure, like that pizzazz. Priestley: Absolutely, which you are all very good at. So, some of the things that he started, I would split it up into four different sections. There was a general shake-up. He looked at efficiencies, better care of employees, all driving toward a better customer experience. Just to touch on the shake-up, I think this is very, very important for a company like McDonald's that's been around for a very long time. It's been beloved, and it's kind of rested on its laurels. It's officially kind of plateaued. So, he's moving the office location from Oak Brook, which is a western suburb of Chicago, they've been there since 1971, to Chicago's Fulton Market District downtown. I think this really symbolizes a lot more than it actually delivers. It symbolizes the fact that they've been in the suburbs, they've been surrounded by fences and been separated from a lot of their competitors, and they've lost that competitive edge, they've lost that drive. He wants to bring them back in to get them to where their consumers are, attract top talent to the downtown area, cost savings from moving, too. But generally, just giving off this impression that things are going to change. So, that's a big step for the company. The other thing is, he's restructured the company into four different sections. You've got the international lead market, high growth markets, and then two subsequent sections. And for all of these sections, he's changed the management. And that's a big structural change for the company, and it really shows you where they're focusing their attention. And I think it's a very sensible thing to do, with trying to devolve the turnaround plan they have. With regards to efficiencies, he's cutting $500 million in SG&A [selling, general, and administrative expenses] by the end of next year. Job cuts are rumored to be part of that. I think there will be some attrition just from moving the location of the company, and then, the franchise models. The franchise model that they currently have is around 81%. They're 81% franchised currently. They want to move that to about 93%. The result of that will be better insight into the locality, so what people like in the area, especially in the Asia region, but also the margins are lot better. They're 82% for a franchise store compared to 15.2% for company-owned. That's huge.  Things like simplifying the menu -- the menu had grown 43% in the last seven years. That's huge. It had become incredibly cumbersome for the staff when they're trying to take customer orders, and also for the customers who, essentially, you want a burger and fries when you go to McDonald's. And that became hard to get. Shen: Absolutely. There are a lot of surveys that research analysts and banks will go out and do, where they talk to franchisees about their experience, what they like and don't like from companywide initiatives. A lot of them had mentioned the fact that -- funny enough, one of the initiatives that a lot of people have attributed successfully to Easterbrook is all-day breakfast, with the fact that menu complication was a big issue for customer service in general. And I think that definitely flowed down to the customer experience. They just mentioned that trying to keep the restaurants running smoothly and efficiently, with all these different menu items, and the fact that it just took longer, for example, people in line trying to figure out what to order, that slows down the works all the way down the line. Priestley: Absolutely. And you touched on all-day breakfast. All-day breakfast has been a huge driver for them, as you can see in the quarterly results. And they actually rolled that out in four months, which I think demonstrates that they've gone from such a cumbersome, slow-moving organization to actually being very fast to enact this. They launched it in October of last year, which is going to make the comps for this coming quarter very difficult for them, I imagine.  But they're also doing other things. They moved from margarine to butter for the flavor. They're using MSC-certified fish; preservative-free in their chicken nuggets. They're moving away from antibiotics. They're doing a lot of things to improve the quality of the food that they're delivering. And some of these things that they're doing, obviously, they're using as promotional to prop the products. But some things they're not. They're actually using sustainable beef sources, and they're mixing that in currently at a low percentage into what they already use. And they're going to gradually increase that until they're using 100% sustainable beef. This isn't something that they've talked about very much, and it shows you, I think, that their quality is being taken very seriously at the company, not necessarily just in advertising. Shen: Yeah, it's not just marketing to compete with Chipotle, for example, to say, "Hey, we're also sustainable, we're also giving you the healthier foods that a lot of consumers seem to be wanting these days." Priestley: Exactly, yeah. I think they were heavily criticized before Easterbrook took over for treating millennials like a homogeneous group, and trying to push forward healthy eating -- kale was always the joke. I think this is similar. They could be criticized for going toward sustainability as a ploy, but I really do think they're trying to embody that. And I think, generally, that it's just becoming a better organization. They're taking better care of employees. They've raised wages. There's tuition assistance, which is fantastic. I think 5,000 people qualify for Archways to Opportunity, which is helping them. And this has had a direct impact. It's reduced turnover, and it's also giving customers friendlier, happier people to interact with when they go to McDonald's. Shen: Sure. And obviously that's very important. We've covered a ton of initiatives that you've mentioned under Easterbrook. I definitely think he's pushing the company in the right direction, especially with this bigger picture, long-term focus. Even going back to the beginning, which you mentioned, about the office move, that can really impact morale. That can really impact the culture, especially at headquarters, their corporate headquarters. And other companies have done that, too. I believe it was Gap, also, new leadership took over and just changed the layout, the interior design in the office. That can really flow through to the rest of the business. Without getting too focused on short-term trading moves, I mentioned that the stock was up quite a bit over Easterbrook's tenure. Forty percent at one point this year, I think it was in May. The gains now are closer to 25%. But still, in a period of 20 months, really solid, especially for a bigger, well-known, mature brand like McDonald's. But if we look a little deeper at the financials, when Easterbrook took over, in terms of trailing earnings, it was trading at about 19 [times] by my calculation. Now, it's about 24 [times]. But earnings per share hasn't changed all that much. But looking at the financials, what do you think? Do you think the business is trending in the right direction, in terms of some of the big metrics we might look at, like comps and things along those lines? Priestley: Absolutely. They had their fourth consecutive quarter of comparable-store sales growth, which is fantastic. I think last quarter, the comps got more difficult, so they are starting to slow, which affected the stock price. But if you look at the first half of 2016, their net income was $2.27 billion, versus $2.13 billion for the year previously. Earnings per share of $2.51 versus $2.09. So, they are definitely making empirical improvement. Franchise margins were also up 6%. You are starting to see some of the cost of the improvement measures, such as the increased wages, taking effect. But if you look at some of the qualitative measures like customer satisfaction, their scores improved in seven out of nine markets. YouGov also does a consumer perceptions report. They take 1,400 companies, they rank what was most improved in terms of customer perception, and McDonald's was fourth. That shows you that they're making leaps and bounds from where they were.  As I mentioned, last quarter the pace of growth slowed due to harder comparisons, but also the industry experienced a 350-basis-point decline due to deflation at grocery stores. So, it became tangibly cheaper for people to eat at home than it is to eat out, whereas before, if you go to the lower fast food restaurants, that's always been touch and go for families. But now it's categorically cheaper to eat at home, which has impacted the whole industry. Shen: Sure. I want to wrap it up here before we move on to our next company, which is another big name that a lot of people will recognize. Do you have any view for Easterbrook in terms of, he's kind of stabilized the business, and put it on the right track. What do you think is maybe, next year or five years, his view? Do you think it's going to be growing stores? You mentioned the refranchising and how important that is, especially with the improved margins they see. Maybe certain markets become a focus? Maybe in Asia-Pacific, for example? Priestley: Yes, he absolutely has a plan to open more stores. I think they want to open 4,000 new stores. I will say, that needs to be 4,000 of the right stores. They're closing underperforming restaurants right now. The focus, absolutely, is in the Asia region. They're refranchising a lot of those because they've underperformed historically. The viewpoint on that has been that they didn't have the insider knowledge, if you like, into the locality. And that's what they're hoping to give them now. They've also opened their first restaurant in Kazakhstan. In different places like that, they're starting to have a presence. So definitely, growth is on the agenda. I would also say, he probably wants to apply some of these learnings and findings from what they've done in the U.S. to other countries, too. Shen: OK. Before we move on to our next CEO case study, I wanted to thank Rocket Mortgage by Quicken Loans for supporting Industry Focus. I was actually catching it with my brother yesterday, who also happens to live in D.C., and he's looking to buy a home in the area. He spent the last four weeks telling me about how he's combing through listings, looking at dozens of properties in Maryland. And even with all the effort he's putting in, he said that his biggest source of frustration has been the whole mortgage process. Fortunately, Rocket Mortgage is bringing in the mortgage approval process into the 21st century. With Rocket Mortgage, you can easily share your bank statements and pay stubs at the touch of a button, helping you get approved in minutes for custom mortgage solution that's tailored to your unique financial situation. It's fast, powerful, and completely online, so you can do all this from your smartphone or tablet. So, if you're looking to refinance your mortgage or buy a home, check out Rocket Mortgage today at quickenloans.com/fool. Equal housing lender, licensed in all 50 states, nmlsconsumeraccess.org number 3030. Our next company is the king of retail, Wal-Mart. Current CEO Doug McMillon has been in the position since February 2014 -- and even more so than Easterbrook, who has impressively had such a long tenure with McDonald's -- he's a company man through and through. He has been with Wal-Mart since his job as a summer associate there in 1984, when he was just 17 years old. The true case of somebody who started at the company and just rose through the ranks, now leading it. What do you think? Priestley: I think he has rightly been praised from multiple sources, even COO of Facebook, Sheryl Sandberg, has given her praise to him after meeting him in an exchange program. Fortune has done an article called "The Man Who's Reinventing Wal-Mart." He's been called the most qualified person since Sam Walton. There's a huge amount of expectation on him. As you said, he's a company man through and through. He's from Arkansas. He worked there in high school, he's stocked shelves, he's done a $2.4 billion merger in South Africa. So he has a huge amount of experience. And then, the other thing is, he's incredibly likable. In New York and Washington, D.C., where Wal-Mart has tended to have a worse reputation with how they treat employees, there's ad campaigns going on at the moment. You may have already seen them. They feature him on his Instagram feed, basically visiting the store and talking about how much better they're treating their employees. It's a very compelling ad, he's very likable. I read somewhere that he strikes the perfect balance between being very affable and aggressive, and that's exactly how I would put it. Shen: Let's paint a little bit of a picture here. I think some people are familiar with the fact, once you reach the scale, similar to McDonald's, that Wal-Mart has reached, doing anything that really moves the needle for the company becomes really challenging. But, before McMillon took the helm and became, potentially, the most qualified CEO since Sam Walton, what was Wal-Mart facing? And then, we can get into the steps that he took. Priestley: I would say Wal-Mart essentially came to prominence by saturating markets. They were the most convenient option at the lowest price. But the problem is, now, they have competition from all sides. From the lower end, Dollar General and the dollar stores' increasing popularity. Costco and Target as the big-box retailers. Kroger, they've really upped their game in terms of organic and fresh. I think Wal-Mart missed the mark on that, initially. If you look, a decade ago, Wal-Mart was 15% to 18% cheaper on groceries than Kroger. The gap is now 4% to 7%. So that's getting a lot shorter. And, the other thing is, in terms of convenience, Walgreens and CVS are leveraging their geographic dominance and offering groceries there, so people have another alternative.  More than all of that, though, is online. If you look, Amazon 2012 to 2015 doubled their sales. Wal-Mart grew their sales by 8.6% in the same period. It's the Amazon effect. There's definitely online sales, which is taking away from Wal-Mart revenue. Shen: Yeah, with that kind of growth...unfortunately, consumer spending has not been growing at that rate. That is Amazon taking shares, especially, from a lot of the traditional retailers, Wal-Mart being, in my opinion, the epitome of that. But they're moving, it seems, forward, under McMillon's guidance. Obviously, big challenges, but still a very large, stable company. A very strong, incredible financial position. But, what is he doing to shore things up for another, essentially, generation of dominance in this space? Priestley: I think you'll see a lot of similarities between this and Easterbrook, purely by the fact that I think they're both huge companies, huge examples of American commerce, and by consequence, they have similarities in their turnaround plans. So he's also doing a shake-up. He's moving execs. Currently, the head of China will now go and take over Asda in the U.K., which is struggling quite significantly. Greg Foran, who's a New Zealander, has been moved to the head of the U.S. And interestingly, when he first took the position, he listed no bad feedback from store managers. He then took this feedback and gave improvement plans, which he's going to review on the 30th of September. And he's put clocks that count down to the 30th of September in a lot of the stores and back offices in Wal-Mart. So, that's very interesting, that technique that he's adopted. Again, Wal-Mart is focusing on making happier workers. CFO Brett Biggs said in the last earnings call that happier workers have been responsible for sales increases. That's interesting. Again, they've raised minimum wage, increased training. And then, I think they're focused most predominantly on e-commerce. If you look, the ShippingPass, that's to counter Amazon Prime. ShippingPass is essentially their equivalent for $50. McMillon has talked about going Wal-Mart-sized in e-commerce. I like the term. And he's doing that. He's bought JD.com in an acquisition in China, and Jet.com recently in the U.S., to really bolster their online offering. [Editor's note: Wal-Mart acquired a 5% stake in JD.com, not the entire company as implied in the comments above. We apologize for any confusion.] Shen: Yeah, we talked a few episodes ago about that. I was able to focus a little bit more on the Wal-Mart and Jet.com deal, if you're curious about that, because it is a very interesting tie up between them. How much of an impact it will necessarily have size-wise, Jet.com, though it's grown incredibly in its first year, is still very small relative to Wal-Mart, obviously. But it's the technology, I think, that Jet.com provides, and some of the logistical intricacy there, in terms of how they build a cart for a shopper, that Wal-Mart is really interested in. It'll definitely be, in the next year or two, an opportunity for McMillon to really leverage that and see where it goes. Priestley: Yeah. He's made it known that that's his focus, and I think he's investing very heavily in that area. Interestingly, we were talking about McDonald's moving their headquarters to the downtown Chicago area. Their e-commerce headquarters is near San Francisco. They're doing that to "invade Silicon Valley for talent." They're very much aware that if they want to get the best people, they need to be in an attractive location. And they're doing that. And I think that shows the importance they're placing on it. But all of these moves are, essentially, again, to improve customer experience. They want to meet the customer where they are -- very much representative of the push-pull model. They're going to offer pick-ups. They're pulling trucks into people's workplace parking lots, and they can do pick-ups from there. They've rolled that out to 30 more markets. They've added more products, improved their fresh produce. And then, on the reverse side, they're also looking into cost efficiencies. They've divested their Suburbia brand in Mexico, which was their clothing brand. And then, looking even in the minutiae of detail -- the bakers, they found, were using spoons to frost, and they were wasting 36 truck loads of icing a year. So, they now have new scrapers not to waste those 36 truck loads. We laugh, and it is funny, but that's the kind of level of detail that these CEOs need to go into, if they're really going to get acute cost savings. Shen: Yeah. For a company this size, that little bit on the spoon amounts to 36 truckloads a year. That's pretty incredible. So, we have a few more minutes. I figure we can look at their recent results as a single time period indicator of some of the progress they might be making. They reported on, I think, August 18, so very recently. The big thing that stood out to me personally was, previously, this was again tied to Jet.com, their e-commerce growth was pretty strong. It was over 20% not that long ago. It was trending downwards, then, bumped up again to 12% for this quarter. What else stood out to you? Priestley: They had organic sales growth of 2.8%, which is great. Comp-store sales at 1.6%. This amounts to their eighth consecutive quarter of positive same-store sales growth. They're definitely getting into that safety zone, I would say, where they're securing their seventh consecutive quarter of positive traffic. Interestingly, they also noted that sales have increased from their own staff members, which may be showing a greater positive feeling toward the company. International business was the underlying negative. 2.2% underlying sales growth, which is great. But if you break that down, the U.K. seriously continues to struggle. Comp sales decreased 7.5%, and operating expenses were up 8.3% across the board due to wage hikes and things like that. So, the general trend is definitely positive. There are some areas they still need to improve, and there was a lot of focus given to those on the earnings call. So, I would say that's in good shape going forward. Shen: OK. Now, at this point, as we're wrapping up, we have the story for McDonald's, we have it for Wal-Mart. Two very different businesses with their own challenges. But Easterbook and McMillon's turnaround initiatives seem to share quite a few themes. What are your final thoughts, takeaways, in terms of some of the similarities there, but also in terms of the importance of leadership? I think both of these examples that we looked at definitely took on a hands-on approach. I think, you mentioned earlier, with McMillon, for example, his ability to think "big picture," to drive and innovate, but at the same time, to have a really good grasp, the fact that he rose up the ranks, of the day-to-day operations being so important. Priestley: Absolutely. I think this is an incredible example that we have right in front of us of two CEOs and a turnaround plan. You don't get that very often. They're both young, they're both company men, essentially. They both face similar challenges. Scale is huge for both companies. They have exposure to different regions. I think it's about 60% for McDonald's, international exposure, and about 30% for Wal-Mart. So they both have those effect challenges. They're both trying to return value for shareholders. These are value stocks, and there's that underlying pressure on them to do that. And I think they've both taken a very, as you said, hands-on approach to shaking up the way the company operates at a fundamental level. Not only is that difficult to do, it's also incredibly brave, especially if they have been brought up, essentially, in their careers under this management, and they've been learning that way to manage, their whole careers. It's difficult. And, as far as, how much does a CEO actually impact on the ground -- there's 3,000 books a year written on the topic of leadership. It's a very highly debated area. I would say these are two examples where they're having a direct impact. I would tend toward the Upper Echelon Theory of Lichtenstein and Collins, who did a good-to-great analysis, and say that executive values do have a direct impact on the way that companies operate. This is a tangible example of that. Shen: Perfect. Sarah, it was awesome having you on. I really look forward to having you on the show again. It's nice to have someone in studio with me to talk to, instead of talking to my computer. If you enjoyed the discussion and you want to learn more about leadership and some of the great CEOs in the sector and others, there's also an excellent episode of the Rule Breaker Investing podcast from Motley Fool co-founder David Gardner. He talks about his experience and lessons that he learned from another highly respected CEO in the consumer world. That's Howard Schultz, the founder of Starbucks. That episode went out on Aug. 10th, and it can be found at fool.com/podcasts, along with some of our other great shows. You can also continue the conversation with us via Twitter @MFIndustryFocus, or send us any questions or comments via email to industryfocus@fool.com. People on the program may own companies discussed on the show, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against stocks mentioned, so don't buy or sell anything based solely on what you hear during the program. Thanks for listening and Fool on! Sarah Priestley has no position in any stocks mentioned. Vincent Shen has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com, Chipotle Mexican Grill, Costco Wholesale, Facebook, and Starbucks. The Motley Fool recommends CVS Health. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Sarah Priestley (TMFSarahp) None Article Info Sep 6, 2016 at 7:00AM Consumer Goods Stocks McDonald's NYSE:MCD $119.45 no change (0.00%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $69.32 up $0.13 (0.19%) Read More McDonald's Stock Needs More Than Table Service to Win McDonald's Is Stuck on the Wrong Side of the River How Wal-Mart Has Changed in the Last Year Better Buy: Wal-Mart Stores Inc. vs. Target McDonald's Testing a Big Change for the Big Mac Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: These Men Are Leading the Turnarounds at McDonald's and Wal-Mart They rose through the ranks over two decades and now hold the reins to two industry titans. Sarah Priestley (TMFSarahp) Sep 6, 2016 at 7:00AM McDonald's (NYSE:MCD) and Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT), the undisputed leaders in their industries, have undergone notable turnaround efforts in the past few years after both companies came under the new leadership of Steve Easterbrook and Doug McMillon, respectively. In this episode of Industry Focus: Consumer Goods, Motley Fool analysts Vincent Shen and Sarah Priestley look at their paths to the CEO office and their respective visions for each company, including new initiatives, early results, and the challenges that remain. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Aug. 30, 2016. Vincent Shen: This episode of Industry Focus is brought to you by Rocket Mortgage by Quicken Loans. Rocket Mortgage brings the mortgage process into the 21st century with a fast, easy, and completely online process. Check out Rocket Mortgage today at quickenloans.com/fool. Welcome, Fools, to the latest episode of Industry Focus, the podcast that dives into a different sector of the stock market every day. I'm your host, Vincent Shen. It is Tuesday, Aug. 30, and today, I have the great pleasure of introducing Sarah Priestley, who's making her Industry Focus debut -- kind of -- at least, for the Consumer Goods sector. I know you've been on the show with Dylan for Tech a few times. How are you doing, Sarah? Sarah Priestley: I'm good! Thank you very much for having me. Shen: Are you excited? Priestley: Yeah, very excited. This is interesting for me, very interesting -- not, obviously, that tech isn't. Hopefully Dylan won't listen to this podcast. (laughs) Shen: So, we have a great discussion for you today. But I wanted to mention that Sarah and I are pretty excited that, at this moment, there's about 36 hours remaining to the month of August, because we've been suffering through the past 30 days, after we decided to try to kick sugar along with a few other Fools here at HQ. Basically, the rule was no added sugar. Things like fruit are fine, but the good stuff, things like ice cream, chocolate, are no-go. And you can't forget that a lot of savory foods, too, like pasta and bread, I've been missing pizza a lot, even ketchup has added sugar too. So, Sarah, I have to ask you, what has been the toughest thing for you to avoid in August, in terms of sweets? Priestley: Chocolate. Chocolate has been missing from my life. Shen: That's a very common answer among the people who are participating, as something that's hard. I have to say, when the clock strikes midnight tomorrow, what's the first thing you think you're going to be eating, if you're up at that time? Priestley: My parents came a few weeks ago, and they brought some British confectionery, which I'm very partial to. So, I have some stored British confectionery that I may crack out at midnight tomorrow. Shen: That's a very good choice. I think I might be waiting with a spoon and a pint of ice cream, frankly, but we'll see. I'm not really sure yet.  Getting down to business, Sarah had suggested a really interesting topic for the show today, basically around executive leadership and the impact that new CEOs have had in two major companies in the consumer retail world that have been struggling in one way or another over the past few years. Our first company is McDonald's, now led by Steve Easterbrook, who's been at the helm for about 20 months at this point. Sarah, what is Easterbrook's story? Let's start with that. How did he get to that position? We'll go from there. Priestley: Steve Easterbrook started January of last year. He's pretty young. He's only 49. He's been working at McDonald's almost since he left college. He started in 1993. He attended Hamburger U, which is the internal training program. He headed McDonald's U.K. and then went on to head international, and left for a brief period of time to CEO for PizzaExpress and Wagamama, in the U.K., which I know that you're not familiar with. But if you envision, if you will, a mix between Chipotle and Olive Garden that's kind of what you've got. It's a step above fast casual, because it still has table service, but it's in that realm. Shen: So, he's obviously spent many years with McDonald's -- pretty much his entire career except for that short hiatus of just two or three years. Prior to Easterbrook taking the role, I think a lot of people who follow McDonald's, in general, who see headlines ... Comparable restaurant growth at the company was trending downward into negative territory across a lot of its major markets since 2012. The brand was losing, I think, a lot of its luster among consumers and investors. Competition in the restaurant industry was definitely very intense. You had fast-casual entrance, in general, among the big incumbents.  So, Easterbrook takes the job. What do you think, at the time, were the biggest issues on the docket that he needed to address? Priestley: Well, I think for anybody coming into this position, it's the scale of the company. The company is so huge that any change they make has to be pretty impressive to move the needle. To just give you a very brief idea of how big the company is -- they once considered including blueberries in one of the menu items. In one day, overnight, they looked at buying one third of the U.S.'s capacity for blueberries. It's a massive company. Anything they do really has to be quite huge. Then, I think you touched on a couple of the issues. There was definitely a lack of consumer favorability toward the brand. And you even saw this in the restaurants, they started to get a little bit degraded. And then, I think, competition from fast-casual companies. We've mentioned already Chipotle. And also, generally, the environment is moving much more toward healthy eating options, which they didn't cater to very well. Shen: Sure. With that context, there's definitely been a lot of initiatives that he has kicked off, or things he has put into place to start what you call the turnaround. The stock's definitely bounced back quite a bit, I'd say, from the approximately $90 per share that it was trading at in January 2015 when he started. We can get to that a little later, I really want to focus more on the qualitative side. What do you think were the things that worked and didn't work? In general, what did he kick off since taking the reins, essentially? Priestley: He started these initiatives. At the end of this year, they're going to transition from these turnaround plans to a more long-term progression. It's interesting, when he announced the turnaround, Forbes called the video in which he released it spectacularly awful. It was called a yawnfest. And the stock actually fell 2%. So you can see, initially, there wasn't very much support behind what he was saying. My personal feeling on this is that Steve Easterbrook happens to be British. I feel like we are not particularly good at show business and showmanship, and I think that's probably why his presentation was lacking a little bit feeling behind it. Shen: Sure, like that pizzazz. Priestley: Absolutely, which you are all very good at. So, some of the things that he started, I would split it up into four different sections. There was a general shake-up. He looked at efficiencies, better care of employees, all driving toward a better customer experience. Just to touch on the shake-up, I think this is very, very important for a company like McDonald's that's been around for a very long time. It's been beloved, and it's kind of rested on its laurels. It's officially kind of plateaued. So, he's moving the office location from Oak Brook, which is a western suburb of Chicago, they've been there since 1971, to Chicago's Fulton Market District downtown. I think this really symbolizes a lot more than it actually delivers. It symbolizes the fact that they've been in the suburbs, they've been surrounded by fences and been separated from a lot of their competitors, and they've lost that competitive edge, they've lost that drive. He wants to bring them back in to get them to where their consumers are, attract top talent to the downtown area, cost savings from moving, too. But generally, just giving off this impression that things are going to change. So, that's a big step for the company. The other thing is, he's restructured the company into four different sections. You've got the international lead market, high growth markets, and then two subsequent sections. And for all of these sections, he's changed the management. And that's a big structural change for the company, and it really shows you where they're focusing their attention. And I think it's a very sensible thing to do, with trying to devolve the turnaround plan they have. With regards to efficiencies, he's cutting $500 million in SG&A [selling, general, and administrative expenses] by the end of next year. Job cuts are rumored to be part of that. I think there will be some attrition just from moving the location of the company, and then, the franchise models. The franchise model that they currently have is around 81%. They're 81% franchised currently. They want to move that to about 93%. The result of that will be better insight into the locality, so what people like in the area, especially in the Asia region, but also the margins are lot better. They're 82% for a franchise store compared to 15.2% for company-owned. That's huge.  Things like simplifying the menu -- the menu had grown 43% in the last seven years. That's huge. It had become incredibly cumbersome for the staff when they're trying to take customer orders, and also for the customers who, essentially, you want a burger and fries when you go to McDonald's. And that became hard to get. Shen: Absolutely. There are a lot of surveys that research analysts and banks will go out and do, where they talk to franchisees about their experience, what they like and don't like from companywide initiatives. A lot of them had mentioned the fact that -- funny enough, one of the initiatives that a lot of people have attributed successfully to Easterbrook is all-day breakfast, with the fact that menu complication was a big issue for customer service in general. And I think that definitely flowed down to the customer experience. They just mentioned that trying to keep the restaurants running smoothly and efficiently, with all these different menu items, and the fact that it just took longer, for example, people in line trying to figure out what to order, that slows down the works all the way down the line. Priestley: Absolutely. And you touched on all-day breakfast. All-day breakfast has been a huge driver for them, as you can see in the quarterly results. And they actually rolled that out in four months, which I think demonstrates that they've gone from such a cumbersome, slow-moving organization to actually being very fast to enact this. They launched it in October of last year, which is going to make the comps for this coming quarter very difficult for them, I imagine.  But they're also doing other things. They moved from margarine to butter for the flavor. They're using MSC-certified fish; preservative-free in their chicken nuggets. They're moving away from antibiotics. They're doing a lot of things to improve the quality of the food that they're delivering. And some of these things that they're doing, obviously, they're using as promotional to prop the products. But some things they're not. They're actually using sustainable beef sources, and they're mixing that in currently at a low percentage into what they already use. And they're going to gradually increase that until they're using 100% sustainable beef. This isn't something that they've talked about very much, and it shows you, I think, that their quality is being taken very seriously at the company, not necessarily just in advertising. Shen: Yeah, it's not just marketing to compete with Chipotle, for example, to say, "Hey, we're also sustainable, we're also giving you the healthier foods that a lot of consumers seem to be wanting these days." Priestley: Exactly, yeah. I think they were heavily criticized before Easterbrook took over for treating millennials like a homogeneous group, and trying to push forward healthy eating -- kale was always the joke. I think this is similar. They could be criticized for going toward sustainability as a ploy, but I really do think they're trying to embody that. And I think, generally, that it's just becoming a better organization. They're taking better care of employees. They've raised wages. There's tuition assistance, which is fantastic. I think 5,000 people qualify for Archways to Opportunity, which is helping them. And this has had a direct impact. It's reduced turnover, and it's also giving customers friendlier, happier people to interact with when they go to McDonald's. Shen: Sure. And obviously that's very important. We've covered a ton of initiatives that you've mentioned under Easterbrook. I definitely think he's pushing the company in the right direction, especially with this bigger picture, long-term focus. Even going back to the beginning, which you mentioned, about the office move, that can really impact morale. That can really impact the culture, especially at headquarters, their corporate headquarters. And other companies have done that, too. I believe it was Gap, also, new leadership took over and just changed the layout, the interior design in the office. That can really flow through to the rest of the business. Without getting too focused on short-term trading moves, I mentioned that the stock was up quite a bit over Easterbrook's tenure. Forty percent at one point this year, I think it was in May. The gains now are closer to 25%. But still, in a period of 20 months, really solid, especially for a bigger, well-known, mature brand like McDonald's. But if we look a little deeper at the financials, when Easterbrook took over, in terms of trailing earnings, it was trading at about 19 [times] by my calculation. Now, it's about 24 [times]. But earnings per share hasn't changed all that much. But looking at the financials, what do you think? Do you think the business is trending in the right direction, in terms of some of the big metrics we might look at, like comps and things along those lines? Priestley: Absolutely. They had their fourth consecutive quarter of comparable-store sales growth, which is fantastic. I think last quarter, the comps got more difficult, so they are starting to slow, which affected the stock price. But if you look at the first half of 2016, their net income was $2.27 billion, versus $2.13 billion for the year previously. Earnings per share of $2.51 versus $2.09. So, they are definitely making empirical improvement. Franchise margins were also up 6%. You are starting to see some of the cost of the improvement measures, such as the increased wages, taking effect. But if you look at some of the qualitative measures like customer satisfaction, their scores improved in seven out of nine markets. YouGov also does a consumer perceptions report. They take 1,400 companies, they rank what was most improved in terms of customer perception, and McDonald's was fourth. That shows you that they're making leaps and bounds from where they were.  As I mentioned, last quarter the pace of growth slowed due to harder comparisons, but also the industry experienced a 350-basis-point decline due to deflation at grocery stores. So, it became tangibly cheaper for people to eat at home than it is to eat out, whereas before, if you go to the lower fast food restaurants, that's always been touch and go for families. But now it's categorically cheaper to eat at home, which has impacted the whole industry. Shen: Sure. I want to wrap it up here before we move on to our next company, which is another big name that a lot of people will recognize. Do you have any view for Easterbrook in terms of, he's kind of stabilized the business, and put it on the right track. What do you think is maybe, next year or five years, his view? Do you think it's going to be growing stores? You mentioned the refranchising and how important that is, especially with the improved margins they see. Maybe certain markets become a focus? Maybe in Asia-Pacific, for example? Priestley: Yes, he absolutely has a plan to open more stores. I think they want to open 4,000 new stores. I will say, that needs to be 4,000 of the right stores. They're closing underperforming restaurants right now. The focus, absolutely, is in the Asia region. They're refranchising a lot of those because they've underperformed historically. The viewpoint on that has been that they didn't have the insider knowledge, if you like, into the locality. And that's what they're hoping to give them now. They've also opened their first restaurant in Kazakhstan. In different places like that, they're starting to have a presence. So definitely, growth is on the agenda. I would also say, he probably wants to apply some of these learnings and findings from what they've done in the U.S. to other countries, too. Shen: OK. Before we move on to our next CEO case study, I wanted to thank Rocket Mortgage by Quicken Loans for supporting Industry Focus. I was actually catching it with my brother yesterday, who also happens to live in D.C., and he's looking to buy a home in the area. He spent the last four weeks telling me about how he's combing through listings, looking at dozens of properties in Maryland. And even with all the effort he's putting in, he said that his biggest source of frustration has been the whole mortgage process. Fortunately, Rocket Mortgage is bringing in the mortgage approval process into the 21st century. With Rocket Mortgage, you can easily share your bank statements and pay stubs at the touch of a button, helping you get approved in minutes for custom mortgage solution that's tailored to your unique financial situation. It's fast, powerful, and completely online, so you can do all this from your smartphone or tablet. So, if you're looking to refinance your mortgage or buy a home, check out Rocket Mortgage today at quickenloans.com/fool. Equal housing lender, licensed in all 50 states, nmlsconsumeraccess.org number 3030. Our next company is the king of retail, Wal-Mart. Current CEO Doug McMillon has been in the position since February 2014 -- and even more so than Easterbrook, who has impressively had such a long tenure with McDonald's -- he's a company man through and through. He has been with Wal-Mart since his job as a summer associate there in 1984, when he was just 17 years old. The true case of somebody who started at the company and just rose through the ranks, now leading it. What do you think? Priestley: I think he has rightly been praised from multiple sources, even COO of Facebook, Sheryl Sandberg, has given her praise to him after meeting him in an exchange program. Fortune has done an article called "The Man Who's Reinventing Wal-Mart." He's been called the most qualified person since Sam Walton. There's a huge amount of expectation on him. As you said, he's a company man through and through. He's from Arkansas. He worked there in high school, he's stocked shelves, he's done a $2.4 billion merger in South Africa. So he has a huge amount of experience. And then, the other thing is, he's incredibly likable. In New York and Washington, D.C., where Wal-Mart has tended to have a worse reputation with how they treat employees, there's ad campaigns going on at the moment. You may have already seen them. They feature him on his Instagram feed, basically visiting the store and talking about how much better they're treating their employees. It's a very compelling ad, he's very likable. I read somewhere that he strikes the perfect balance between being very affable and aggressive, and that's exactly how I would put it. Shen: Let's paint a little bit of a picture here. I think some people are familiar with the fact, once you reach the scale, similar to McDonald's, that Wal-Mart has reached, doing anything that really moves the needle for the company becomes really challenging. But, before McMillon took the helm and became, potentially, the most qualified CEO since Sam Walton, what was Wal-Mart facing? And then, we can get into the steps that he took. Priestley: I would say Wal-Mart essentially came to prominence by saturating markets. They were the most convenient option at the lowest price. But the problem is, now, they have competition from all sides. From the lower end, Dollar General and the dollar stores' increasing popularity. Costco and Target as the big-box retailers. Kroger, they've really upped their game in terms of organic and fresh. I think Wal-Mart missed the mark on that, initially. If you look, a decade ago, Wal-Mart was 15% to 18% cheaper on groceries than Kroger. The gap is now 4% to 7%. So that's getting a lot shorter. And, the other thing is, in terms of convenience, Walgreens and CVS are leveraging their geographic dominance and offering groceries there, so people have another alternative.  More than all of that, though, is online. If you look, Amazon 2012 to 2015 doubled their sales. Wal-Mart grew their sales by 8.6% in the same period. It's the Amazon effect. There's definitely online sales, which is taking away from Wal-Mart revenue. Shen: Yeah, with that kind of growth...unfortunately, consumer spending has not been growing at that rate. That is Amazon taking shares, especially, from a lot of the traditional retailers, Wal-Mart being, in my opinion, the epitome of that. But they're moving, it seems, forward, under McMillon's guidance. Obviously, big challenges, but still a very large, stable company. A very strong, incredible financial position. But, what is he doing to shore things up for another, essentially, generation of dominance in this space? Priestley: I think you'll see a lot of similarities between this and Easterbrook, purely by the fact that I think they're both huge companies, huge examples of American commerce, and by consequence, they have similarities in their turnaround plans. So he's also doing a shake-up. He's moving execs. Currently, the head of China will now go and take over Asda in the U.K., which is struggling quite significantly. Greg Foran, who's a New Zealander, has been moved to the head of the U.S. And interestingly, when he first took the position, he listed no bad feedback from store managers. He then took this feedback and gave improvement plans, which he's going to review on the 30th of September. And he's put clocks that count down to the 30th of September in a lot of the stores and back offices in Wal-Mart. So, that's very interesting, that technique that he's adopted. Again, Wal-Mart is focusing on making happier workers. CFO Brett Biggs said in the last earnings call that happier workers have been responsible for sales increases. That's interesting. Again, they've raised minimum wage, increased training. And then, I think they're focused most predominantly on e-commerce. If you look, the ShippingPass, that's to counter Amazon Prime. ShippingPass is essentially their equivalent for $50. McMillon has talked about going Wal-Mart-sized in e-commerce. I like the term. And he's doing that. He's bought JD.com in an acquisition in China, and Jet.com recently in the U.S., to really bolster their online offering. [Editor's note: Wal-Mart acquired a 5% stake in JD.com, not the entire company as implied in the comments above. We apologize for any confusion.] Shen: Yeah, we talked a few episodes ago about that. I was able to focus a little bit more on the Wal-Mart and Jet.com deal, if you're curious about that, because it is a very interesting tie up between them. How much of an impact it will necessarily have size-wise, Jet.com, though it's grown incredibly in its first year, is still very small relative to Wal-Mart, obviously. But it's the technology, I think, that Jet.com provides, and some of the logistical intricacy there, in terms of how they build a cart for a shopper, that Wal-Mart is really interested in. It'll definitely be, in the next year or two, an opportunity for McMillon to really leverage that and see where it goes. Priestley: Yeah. He's made it known that that's his focus, and I think he's investing very heavily in that area. Interestingly, we were talking about McDonald's moving their headquarters to the downtown Chicago area. Their e-commerce headquarters is near San Francisco. They're doing that to "invade Silicon Valley for talent." They're very much aware that if they want to get the best people, they need to be in an attractive location. And they're doing that. And I think that shows the importance they're placing on it. But all of these moves are, essentially, again, to improve customer experience. They want to meet the customer where they are -- very much representative of the push-pull model. They're going to offer pick-ups. They're pulling trucks into people's workplace parking lots, and they can do pick-ups from there. They've rolled that out to 30 more markets. They've added more products, improved their fresh produce. And then, on the reverse side, they're also looking into cost efficiencies. They've divested their Suburbia brand in Mexico, which was their clothing brand. And then, looking even in the minutiae of detail -- the bakers, they found, were using spoons to frost, and they were wasting 36 truck loads of icing a year. So, they now have new scrapers not to waste those 36 truck loads. We laugh, and it is funny, but that's the kind of level of detail that these CEOs need to go into, if they're really going to get acute cost savings. Shen: Yeah. For a company this size, that little bit on the spoon amounts to 36 truckloads a year. That's pretty incredible. So, we have a few more minutes. I figure we can look at their recent results as a single time period indicator of some of the progress they might be making. They reported on, I think, August 18, so very recently. The big thing that stood out to me personally was, previously, this was again tied to Jet.com, their e-commerce growth was pretty strong. It was over 20% not that long ago. It was trending downwards, then, bumped up again to 12% for this quarter. What else stood out to you? Priestley: They had organic sales growth of 2.8%, which is great. Comp-store sales at 1.6%. This amounts to their eighth consecutive quarter of positive same-store sales growth. They're definitely getting into that safety zone, I would say, where they're securing their seventh consecutive quarter of positive traffic. Interestingly, they also noted that sales have increased from their own staff members, which may be showing a greater positive feeling toward the company. International business was the underlying negative. 2.2% underlying sales growth, which is great. But if you break that down, the U.K. seriously continues to struggle. Comp sales decreased 7.5%, and operating expenses were up 8.3% across the board due to wage hikes and things like that. So, the general trend is definitely positive. There are some areas they still need to improve, and there was a lot of focus given to those on the earnings call. So, I would say that's in good shape going forward. Shen: OK. Now, at this point, as we're wrapping up, we have the story for McDonald's, we have it for Wal-Mart. Two very different businesses with their own challenges. But Easterbook and McMillon's turnaround initiatives seem to share quite a few themes. What are your final thoughts, takeaways, in terms of some of the similarities there, but also in terms of the importance of leadership? I think both of these examples that we looked at definitely took on a hands-on approach. I think, you mentioned earlier, with McMillon, for example, his ability to think "big picture," to drive and innovate, but at the same time, to have a really good grasp, the fact that he rose up the ranks, of the day-to-day operations being so important. Priestley: Absolutely. I think this is an incredible example that we have right in front of us of two CEOs and a turnaround plan. You don't get that very often. They're both young, they're both company men, essentially. They both face similar challenges. Scale is huge for both companies. They have exposure to different regions. I think it's about 60% for McDonald's, international exposure, and about 30% for Wal-Mart. So they both have those effect challenges. They're both trying to return value for shareholders. These are value stocks, and there's that underlying pressure on them to do that. And I think they've both taken a very, as you said, hands-on approach to shaking up the way the company operates at a fundamental level. Not only is that difficult to do, it's also incredibly brave, especially if they have been brought up, essentially, in their careers under this management, and they've been learning that way to manage, their whole careers. It's difficult. And, as far as, how much does a CEO actually impact on the ground -- there's 3,000 books a year written on the topic of leadership. It's a very highly debated area. I would say these are two examples where they're having a direct impact. I would tend toward the Upper Echelon Theory of Lichtenstein and Collins, who did a good-to-great analysis, and say that executive values do have a direct impact on the way that companies operate. This is a tangible example of that. Shen: Perfect. Sarah, it was awesome having you on. I really look forward to having you on the show again. It's nice to have someone in studio with me to talk to, instead of talking to my computer. If you enjoyed the discussion and you want to learn more about leadership and some of the great CEOs in the sector and others, there's also an excellent episode of the Rule Breaker Investing podcast from Motley Fool co-founder David Gardner. He talks about his experience and lessons that he learned from another highly respected CEO in the consumer world. That's Howard Schultz, the founder of Starbucks. That episode went out on Aug. 10th, and it can be found at fool.com/podcasts, along with some of our other great shows. You can also continue the conversation with us via Twitter @MFIndustryFocus, or send us any questions or comments via email to industryfocus@fool.com. People on the program may own companies discussed on the show, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against stocks mentioned, so don't buy or sell anything based solely on what you hear during the program. Thanks for listening and Fool on! Sarah Priestley has no position in any stocks mentioned. Vincent Shen has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com, Chipotle Mexican Grill, Costco Wholesale, Facebook, and Starbucks. The Motley Fool recommends CVS Health. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Sarah Priestley (TMFSarahp) None Article Info Sep 6, 2016 at 7:00AM Consumer Goods Stocks McDonald's NYSE:MCD $119.45 no change (0.00%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $69.32 up $0.13 (0.19%) Read More McDonald's Stock Needs More Than Table Service to Win McDonald's Is Stuck on the Wrong Side of the River How Wal-Mart Has Changed in the Last Year Better Buy: Wal-Mart Stores Inc. vs. Target McDonald's Testing a Big Change for the Big Mac Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article 36° News Omaha Metro Crime/Courts/Public safety Weather Nebraska Iowa Legislature Politics Election Guide Education Military Good News Dataomaha Record National World Special Sections Sports Big Red Today Bluejays Today Mavs Today Prep Zone The Bottom Line Midlands Colleges Outdoors Lancers Storm Chasers National Golf College World Series Blogs Shatel Money Stocks Warren Buffett Watch Inside Business Agriculture Entertainment Arts Dining Movies Music Nightlife TV Living Good News Momaha Health & Fitness Inspired Living Wedding Essentials Let's Celebrate NE Passport Adventures Omaha: We Don't Coast Special sections Health & Fitness Momaha Opinion Jeff Koterba cartoons World-Herald Editorials Public Pulse Syndicated columnists Midlands Voices Koterba Caption Contest ePaper Obits Celebrations Columnists Brad Dickson Erin Grace Matthew Hansen Michael Kelly Tom Shatel Good News Nation World Video Photos Calendar Weather Contests Sarpy News Bellevue Gretna Papillion / La Vista Ralston In The Game Special Sections Inspired Living Omaha Wedding Essentials World-Herald Archives Customer Service User Dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber Services Single copy locations Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff OWH Rewards Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us OWH Rewards Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Omaha 36° Omaha, NE (68102) Today Occasional rain and snow showers this morning. Overcast and windy for the afternoon. High 41F. Winds NW at 25 to 35 mph. Chance of rain 30%. Winds could occasionally gust over 50 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Gusty winds during the evening. Low 27F. Winds NW at 20 to 30 mph. Winds could occasionally gust over 40 mph. Updated: November 18, 2016 @ 7:52 am Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation Menu Buy & Sell Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us Customer service User dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber services Single copy locations Contests OWH Rewards Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff Subscribe ePaper Obits Your browser does not support iframes. Please visit <a href="http://www.omaha.com/huskers" target="_blank">Omaha.com/huskers</a> Your browser does not support iframes. Please visit <a href="http://www.omaha.com/huskers" target="_blank">Omaha.com/huskers</a> Close The Wal-Mart Supercenter opened today on L street Wednesday Aug. 25, 2004 in Omaha Neb.  JEFF BUNDY/THE WORLD-HERALD About-face on Walmart: Company is now a key Obama ally Bloomberg News Sep 6, 2016 (…) WASHINGTON — As a freshman senator with his eye on the presidency, Barack Obama said he’d never shop at a Walmart and held the company up as an emblem of corporate greed. Today, Walmart Stores Inc. is one of Obama’s most reliable corporate allies, a go-to partner that’s backed the White House on more than a dozen business initiatives, particularly Obamacare and climate change. The pairing benefits both. Obama can point to Walmart’s support to beat back Republican charges that he’s hostile to business. Walmart can point to the president’s embrace to lure squeamish shoppers who, like Obama of old, have stayed away out of a belief that the company hurts workers and undercuts competition. This is a key part of the company’s effort to spur continued growth. “It only makes sense for the president to be willing to strike a partnership with the nation’s largest retailer,” said Dwight Hill, a Plano, Texas-based partner in retail consultancy McMillan Doolittle. “And Walmart has made more strides of late to try to be more transparent about worker pay and benefits. They have certainly seen the light.” The president completed the turn from Walmart antagonist to fan when he visited one of the retailer’s stores in Mountain View, Calif., in 2014 to praise its use of renewable energy. Obama’s visit represented a “major milestone” for the company and its public image, said Jib Ellison, whose consulting firm worked on Walmart’s sustainability program. “When he got elected, his rhetoric was very anti-Walmart,” said Ellison, who continues to advise Walmart on environmental policies. “So it’s reaffirming.” The partnership between the president and the retailer is especially strong in two areas: health care and climate change. Obama’s view of Walmart shifted early in his presidency when he realized that he needed business support to advance his health care overhaul, which Republicans claimed would kill jobs and drive companies out of business. Walmart was one of the first major employers to sign on to the plan. In June 2009, as debate raged in Congress, Walmart publicly released a letter to Obama saying it supported requiring employers to offer health insurance to their workers, a keystone of the law. For Walmart, the Affordable Care Act resolved a major gripe about the company: that it provided weak health benefits for its more than 1 million workers in the U.S. Obamacare created a system of subsidized insurance for middle-income Americans and expanded the Medicaid program for the poor to cover people earning poverty-level wages. Pressure subsided on Walmart to provide coverage. When government-run insurance exchanges opened in 2014, Walmart stopped offering health insurance to 30,000 part-time workers. “Obamacare is great for Walmart workers; it was a huge transfer of wealth,” said Nelson Lichtenstein, director of the Center for the Study of Work, Labor, and Democracy at the University of California, Santa Barbara, who wrote a book on Walmart. “The pressure is off Walmart to provide better health insurance to its own employees. If you’re a single mom and work at Walmart you now qualify for Medicaid.” Walmart and the White House have cooperated on Obama’s climate agenda, which current and former company executives described as a natural gelling of interests rather than a political calculation. Walmart began pushing to cut its carbon footprint in 2005 as a way to not only help the environment, but also improve its public image, and is now the largest corporate user of solar energy. Last year, the company endorsed the global accord Obama negotiated in Paris to reduce carbon emissions. Obama senior adviser Valerie Jarrett said the White House has found in Walmart a willing partner as it reached out to various businesses to embrace administration’s initiatives. “We recognize that the private sector is the economic engine of our country,” Jarrett said in an interview. “It’s not enough just to have these policies on the books.” Working with the administration helps the retailer address the social and environmental issues that the company’s customers care about, said Kathleen McLaughlin, Walmart’s chief sustainability officer and CEO of the Walmart Foundation. “It’s so essential that we have these collaborations,” she said. When Walmart announced that it would raise its minimum wage for employees in 2015, after some encouragement from the administration, Obama called Walmart Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon from Air Force One to congratulate him and told a crowd in North Carolina that “once Walmart is paying people more, then you know that something is happening, right?” The pair have also worked on veteran employment, financial security, workforce training, gun control, criminal justice issues and first lady Michelle Obama’s healthy lifestyle campaign. For Walmart, all of this is aimed at bolstering its standing with a key demographic of shoppers it must reach for continued growth — upper-income families in traditionally liberal areas like Chicago, Los Angeles and the East Coast. “Given the fact the company isn’t growing that much, they really need to expand in these coastal cities,” Lichtenstein said. “There has been a certain percentage of Americans that just won’t shop there for political reasons.” Money has followed Walmart’s embrace of Obama. The company increased its political spending during his presidency, with donations to Democrats no longer trailing Republicans by huge margins. Walmart’s political action committee gave $1.2 million to federal candidates during the 2012 cycle, according to the Center for Responsive Politics, a Washington nonprofit that tracks campaign spending. Democrats claimed about half that money, up from 21 percent in 2004 and only 14 percent in 2000. So far this cycle, Democrats have received about 41 percent of Walmart’s $1.1 million in contributions, with Republicans getting the rest. The Wal-Mart Supercenter opened today on L street Wednesday Aug. 25, 2004 in Omaha Neb.  JEFF BUNDY/THE WORLD-HERALD Tags Barack Obama Company Walmart Foundation Wage Republicans White House Democrats Featured Businesses Soho Lounge | Nightclub | Lounge | Omaha 12143 W Center Rd #38, Omaha, NE 68144 402-813-2463 Estate Planning Law Group Of Blazek & Gregg | Omaha 11580 W Dodge Rd, Omaha, NE 68154 402-496-3432 Midwest Gastrointestinal Associates 8901 Indian Hills Dr, Omaha, NE 68114 402-397-7057 Currently Open Baxter Auto Omaha 17950 Burt St Suite B, Omaha, NE 68118 402-983-9606 Watson & Ryan PLC 535 W Bdwy, Ste 200, Council Bluffs, IA 51503 712-322-0448 Butterbaugh Insurance 4409 Piute St, Council Bluffs, IA 51501 712-328-0305 World-Herald 150 Stocks In case you missed it Something to be thankful for this year: A cheaper Turkey feast Two metro-area Shopkos to close Historic tax credits — $24 million for Nebraska projects since 2015 — help drive revival near downtown Omaha Headache for farmers as they get less cash for more crops Former Hinky Dinky grocery building set to undergo $3.4 million renovation Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway Berkshire Hathaway buying stakes in several major airlines Replay: Nov. 15 Warren Watch chat Warren Buffett Watch: Mining the diamond expertise of Borsheims CEO Tweets by @OWHmoney loading... Today's ePaper Omaha World-Herald Sunrise Edition Omaha World-Herald Subscriber services ePaper online Subscriber log in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Single copy locations News Sports Money Living Entertainment Opinion Obits ePaper Full site index Contact us Subscribe Subscriber services News alerts + newsletters World-Herald apps Advertise with us Join our Team
null

Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: How Risky Is Costco Wholesale Corporation? The company has been mostly bulletproof for a decade, but there are some storm clouds on its horizon. Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Sep 5, 2016 at 4:35PM Warehouse clubs exist because in exchange for a membership fee they offer low prices, albeit sometimes in inconvenient quantities. Costco (NASDAQ:COST) has thrived by serving an audience of members looking for deals. The retailer courts bargain-hunters by cleverly curating its selection of merchandise. The chain always has certain staples such as milk, coffee, and healthcare supplies, while shifting up the rest of its mix. That makes its stores a bit of a scavenger hunt. You might enter knowing you need K-cups, cereal, or washing machine detergent pods, only to happen upon a great deal for a snowboard. Not every item is actually a deal, but generally the prices are good, and the merchandise mix, heavy use of sampling, and low-cost snack options keep people coming back. For 10 years that basic formula has produced a near-steady rise in the company's stock price. Until recently there was no reason to believe that might change anytime soon, but there are signs that after an impressive run, Costco stock does face risks from digital competitors, specifically Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) which generally have the warehouse club beaten when it comes to price selection. As these rivals improve delivery -- something both have invested heavily in -- Costco may have something to fear. Over the past 10 years Costco has mostly gone straight up. Image source: YCharts.com. What should Costco worry about? Costco offers two things to its customers -- good prices and a shopping experience. Amazon and Wal-Mart, to a lesser extent, already have the warehouse club beaten when it comes to price plus convenience. In most cases, the online sites offer comparable if not better pricing on most items Costco sells without requiring the bulk purchases the warehouse chain forces for many items. For example, Costco, Wal-Mart, and Amazon all sell generic versions of Prevacid, the popular acid-reflux medicine, with the best deal in all cases being on a three-pack containing six weeks' worth of pills. Amazon and Wal-Mart, however, also offers the option to buy a single 14-pill pack or a 28-dose two-pack -- as well as some larger-than-three-pack offers. In general, the three-pack is the best price per pill at all three chains (prices can vary), but Amazon and Wal-Mart allow people more choice. That may not matter when it comes to pills, but some Costco customers may not want to buy deodorant six at a time or cereal packaged in two extra-large boxes. Amazon and Wal-Mart have offered those advantages for years, but they haven't been able to match the immediacy of shopping in a store. That gave Costco (and physical Wal-Marts) a reason for being that digital players could not match. In recent years, however, Amazon has bridged that gap, with Wal-Mart working hard and spending big to catch up. The online leader now offers Sunday delivery, same-day delivery in some markets, and even nearly immediate service in limited areas. Amazon has also made two-day delivery a standard, with incredible reliability to the point that if a consumer doesn't need something immediately, why not order it from the online giant and not have to leave the house? Going forward, Amazon -- and eventually Wal-Mart -- could have drone deliveries, trucks with 3-D printers roaming the country, and advanced predictive software that brings items from warehouse to customer even faster. When that happens, Costco, which has mostly ignored its digital operations to keep the focus on its stores, has something to worry about. Should Costco shareholders worry? For the Costco customer who visits the store because it's entertaining, faster online shipping and better prices or selection at Amazon.com or Wal-Mart.com shouldn't matter. The shopper perusing the warehouse club based on getting a good deal, however, may eventually be swayed to drop his or her membership. For now, Costco has an immediacy advantage over its rivals. Going forward that may not be the case, as Amazon and Wal-Mart's digital arm -- which now includes Jet.com -- both shorten the delivery window. That represents a risk for all retailers, but Costco could ultimately feel a pinch it has so far avoided. As Amazon ups the delivery bar and Wal-Mart scurries along behind it, Costco members may decide that visiting a store -- especially one that charges an annual fee for the privilege -- isn't worth it. When that happens, and the day isn't that far off, Costco memberships, sales, and ultimately share price may suffer. Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. He got spooked by a lizard when he was walking to a coffee shop to write this. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com and Costco Wholesale. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info Sep 5, 2016 at 4:35PM Consumer Goods Stocks Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $763.12 up $6.72 (0.89%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $69.32 up $0.13 (0.19%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $150.84 down $0.36 (-0.24%) Read More Better Buy: Costco Wholesale Corporation vs. Amazon 3 Retail Stocks You Don't Have to Babysit Costco's CEO Has a Simple Recipe for Making Money 4 Things Costco's Management Wants You to Know Is Stock Market Genius Joel Greenblatt Right About Costco Stock? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: How Risky Is Costco Wholesale Corporation? The company has been mostly bulletproof for a decade, but there are some storm clouds on its horizon. Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Sep 5, 2016 at 4:35PM Warehouse clubs exist because in exchange for a membership fee they offer low prices, albeit sometimes in inconvenient quantities. Costco (NASDAQ:COST) has thrived by serving an audience of members looking for deals. The retailer courts bargain-hunters by cleverly curating its selection of merchandise. The chain always has certain staples such as milk, coffee, and healthcare supplies, while shifting up the rest of its mix. That makes its stores a bit of a scavenger hunt. You might enter knowing you need K-cups, cereal, or washing machine detergent pods, only to happen upon a great deal for a snowboard. Not every item is actually a deal, but generally the prices are good, and the merchandise mix, heavy use of sampling, and low-cost snack options keep people coming back. For 10 years that basic formula has produced a near-steady rise in the company's stock price. Until recently there was no reason to believe that might change anytime soon, but there are signs that after an impressive run, Costco stock does face risks from digital competitors, specifically Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) which generally have the warehouse club beaten when it comes to price selection. As these rivals improve delivery -- something both have invested heavily in -- Costco may have something to fear. Over the past 10 years Costco has mostly gone straight up. Image source: YCharts.com. What should Costco worry about? Costco offers two things to its customers -- good prices and a shopping experience. Amazon and Wal-Mart, to a lesser extent, already have the warehouse club beaten when it comes to price plus convenience. In most cases, the online sites offer comparable if not better pricing on most items Costco sells without requiring the bulk purchases the warehouse chain forces for many items. For example, Costco, Wal-Mart, and Amazon all sell generic versions of Prevacid, the popular acid-reflux medicine, with the best deal in all cases being on a three-pack containing six weeks' worth of pills. Amazon and Wal-Mart, however, also offers the option to buy a single 14-pill pack or a 28-dose two-pack -- as well as some larger-than-three-pack offers. In general, the three-pack is the best price per pill at all three chains (prices can vary), but Amazon and Wal-Mart allow people more choice. That may not matter when it comes to pills, but some Costco customers may not want to buy deodorant six at a time or cereal packaged in two extra-large boxes. Amazon and Wal-Mart have offered those advantages for years, but they haven't been able to match the immediacy of shopping in a store. That gave Costco (and physical Wal-Marts) a reason for being that digital players could not match. In recent years, however, Amazon has bridged that gap, with Wal-Mart working hard and spending big to catch up. The online leader now offers Sunday delivery, same-day delivery in some markets, and even nearly immediate service in limited areas. Amazon has also made two-day delivery a standard, with incredible reliability to the point that if a consumer doesn't need something immediately, why not order it from the online giant and not have to leave the house? Going forward, Amazon -- and eventually Wal-Mart -- could have drone deliveries, trucks with 3-D printers roaming the country, and advanced predictive software that brings items from warehouse to customer even faster. When that happens, Costco, which has mostly ignored its digital operations to keep the focus on its stores, has something to worry about. Should Costco shareholders worry? For the Costco customer who visits the store because it's entertaining, faster online shipping and better prices or selection at Amazon.com or Wal-Mart.com shouldn't matter. The shopper perusing the warehouse club based on getting a good deal, however, may eventually be swayed to drop his or her membership. For now, Costco has an immediacy advantage over its rivals. Going forward that may not be the case, as Amazon and Wal-Mart's digital arm -- which now includes Jet.com -- both shorten the delivery window. That represents a risk for all retailers, but Costco could ultimately feel a pinch it has so far avoided. As Amazon ups the delivery bar and Wal-Mart scurries along behind it, Costco members may decide that visiting a store -- especially one that charges an annual fee for the privilege -- isn't worth it. When that happens, and the day isn't that far off, Costco memberships, sales, and ultimately share price may suffer. Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. He got spooked by a lizard when he was walking to a coffee shop to write this. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com and Costco Wholesale. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info Sep 5, 2016 at 4:35PM Consumer Goods Stocks Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $763.12 up $6.72 (0.89%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $69.32 up $0.13 (0.19%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $150.84 down $0.36 (-0.24%) Read More Better Buy: Costco Wholesale Corporation vs. Amazon 3 Retail Stocks You Don't Have to Babysit Costco's CEO Has a Simple Recipe for Making Money 4 Things Costco's Management Wants You to Know Is Stock Market Genius Joel Greenblatt Right About Costco Stock? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
null
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why Dollar General, Dollar Tree, and Five Below's Stocks Fell in August Dollar store chains slipped on August on slowing sales growth, but the sector is stronger than the market gives it credit for. Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Sep 5, 2016 at 8:51AM Image Source: Motley Fool.  Dollar store chains got slammed last month as Dollar General (NYSE:DG), Dollar Tree (NASDAQ:DLTR), and Five Below (NASDAQ:FIVE) all posted disappointing earnings reports. As the chart below shows, all three stocks fell by 11% or more. DG data by YCharts The culprit appeared to be a resurgent Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT), which has invested to clean-up stores, raise wages, bring back greeters, and eliminate out-of-stocks. In its most recent quarter, the retail giant posted comparable sales growth of 1.6%, its best performance in several years. Wal-Mart has also lowered prices on key traffic drivers such as fresh produce, and branded and private-label goods, helping to poach customers from dollar store chains. Dollar store stocks had thrived in recent years, finding a retail niche with low-income customers that had been ignored by other companies as well as one that was not affected by Amazon.com or the rise of e-commerce. However, that trend may be changing as the three companies above cited similar competitive threats. At Dollar General, same-store sales increased just 0.7% in its most recent quarter as management noted the effects of food deflation and a decline in food stamp participation rates and benefit levels. CEO Todd Vasos said, "the competitive environment intensified in select regions of the country." At Dollar Tree, meanwhile, comparable sales growth slowed to 1.2% as management also noted a "challenging retail sales environment." Dollar Tree also lowered its full-year revenue guidance and said it expected full-year comparable sales to be in the low-single digits. Five Below, on the other hand, fared better than its competitors with a comparable sales increase of 3.1%. Five Below tends to sell fewer staples than Dollar General and Dollar Tree, making it less of a direct competitor with Wal-Mart. Five Below's CEO also sounded more optimistic than his rivals, but, nonetheless, the company was affected by the weak reports from its peers, falling 11% in the quarter. Earnings growth remains strong Despite falling stock prices and weakened sales, earnings growth was solid at the dollar stores in the last quarter. At Dollar General, which had the sharpest drop last month, earnings per share still increased 14% to $1.08 due to a 6% increase in revenue, a modest reduction in expenses, and a share buyback program that reduced shares outstanding by more than 4% in the last year. With a profit margin near 6%, Dollar General remains one of the most efficient retailers on the market. Dollar Tree, meanwhile, has successfully integrated its Family Dollar acquisition, and saw gross margin improve 190 basis points to 30.3%, and Selling, General, and Administrative expenses fall 120 basis points to 23.1%. As a result, operating margin jumped from 4.1% to 7.1%. Strong earnings growth caused Dollar Tree to actually raised its full-year EPS guidance to $3.67-$3.82, despite lowering its revenue guidance. Finally, Five Below saw operating income jump 36% on a 20.8% increase in sales, and raised its full-year EPS guidance to $1.28-$1.32 even though it sees comparable sales growth slowing in the current quarter. On the other hand, despite worrying dollar store investors, Wal-Mart is actually seeing profits fall as it steps up investments in stores, and adjusts its business model to the e-commerce era. The lesson seems to be that the recent dip in dollar store stocks was more a result of bloated valuations rather than weak performance, as even with modest comparable sales growth, profits are still growing at a solid pace. Jeremy Bowman has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com. The Motley Fool recommends Five Below. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Fool since 2011. I write about consumer goods, the big picture, and whatever else piques my interest. Follow me on Twitter to see my latest articles, and for commentary on hot topics in retail and the broad market. Follow @tmfbowman Article Info Sep 5, 2016 at 8:51AM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $69.32 up $0.13 (0.19%) Dollar Tree Stores NASDAQ:DLTR $81.40 down $0.25 (-0.31%) Dollar General NYSE:DG $76.91 no change (0.00%) Five Below NASDAQ:FIVE $40.53 no change (0.00%) Read More Should Dollar Tree Inc. Be Worried About This New Rival? Square Slumps and Dollar General Spikes on Flat Day for Stocks Kroger Co. and Dollar General Corp. Jump as Stocks Sink These Rock-Solid Stocks Are Immune to Brexit What Investors Might Have Missed in the Stock Market Last Week Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
null
null
null
null
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 5 Popular Stocks To Buy Right Now For a diverse range of reasons, here's why Apple, Chipotle, Shake Shack, Costco, and Wal-Mart rank as some of the most popular stocks to buy today. Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Sep 4, 2016 at 6:41PM Image source: Getty Images. Smart investors always think for themselves. However, with some research supporting the wisdom of crowds, investors may also be well served by keeping an eye on the top-performing and most popular stocks to buy today. Here's a brief rundown of five of the most popular stocks on the market today. Apple As the world's largest and most profitable publicly traded company, technology colossus Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is hardly a surprise appearance on this list. In fact, Apple is so popular among investors that its shares are roughly 3 times more heavily traded than some of the more popular broad-market ETFs. Popular Stock Name Market Cap Avg. Daily Volume Average Analyst Rating Apple $579.4 billion 33.4 million Buy Data source: Yahoo! Finance.  However, Apple offers investors a lot more than just liquidity. Even if the forthcoming iPhone 7 were to end up a dud, demand for new iPhones would simply transfer from one Apple product cycle to the next, setting up an iPhone "supercycle" in late 2017. Chipotle Chipotle Mexican Grill (NYSE:CMG) is a divisive entry on this list. Its notable expansion over the past decade has been rocket fuel for its financial results and stock-price performance. But more recently, Chipotle's food-poisoning woes have tainted the company for many investors. Not that it isn't a longtime Fool favorite -- or still a popular stock: Popular Stock Name Market Cap Avg. Daily Volume Average Analyst Rating Chipotle $12.0 billion 1.08 million Hold Data source: Yahoo! Finance.  The shares are down roughly 50% versus the S&P 500 over the past 12 months. But the current weakness appears unlikely to permanently impair what had been one of the most successful restaurant concepts since McDonald's pioneered fast food in the middle of the 20th century. Shake Shack The new kid on the block, January 2015 IPO Shake Shack (NYSE:SHAK), was billed as the next Chipotle. But it's gone from enjoying a spectacular post-IPO to seeing a sell-off. Today, its shares are down roughly 20% from its IPO level, as the market struggles to sense of whether Shake Shack has the growth potential to justify its forward earnings multiple of 63. Regardless, the company enjoys plenty of interest from the investment community. Popular Stock Name Market Cap Avg. Daily Volume Average Analyst Rating Shake Shack $1.3 billion 1.05 million Hold Data source: Yahoo! Finance.  The fundamentals underpinning its continued growth story appear compelling. In addition to a 37% year-over-year sales increase last quarter, Shake Shack saw its comparable same-store sales grow 4.5%.  The average analyst seems to have settled the tension between major potential and the lofty stock price by suggesting investors stand pat, though those looking for a company with multibagger potential might consider Shake Shack shares today. Wal-Mart In today's low-yield environment, dividend investing is all the rage, making Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT), the world's largest retailer and longtime dividend aristocrat, a natural stock of interest. The company's 2.8% yield and 41 consecutive annual dividend increases are well above average, but they aren't the only reason to like Wal-Mart's stock today. Popular Stock Name Market Cap Avg. Daily Volume Average Analyst Rating Wal-Mart $222.8 billion 10.1 million Hold Data source: Yahoo! Finance.  Wal-Mart recently completed a roughly $3 billion purchase of e-commerce start-up Jet.com in what many analysts, myself included, saw as a renewed commitment from Wal-Mart to challenge Amazon.com's superiority in this increasingly important segment. Amazon enjoys a number of structural advantages, some of which Wal-Mart has the resources and skill sets to replicate. It has more help now, considering Jet's management helped build several e-commerce challengers to Amazon, including Diapers.com. Costco Another longtime Fool favorite and market-beater, Costco Wholesale (NASDAQ:COST) might be the most interesting name on this list, thanks to its unique business model, in which it sells bulk items at wholesale costs and generates profits from high-margin membership fees. It's no accident that Costco's stock has outperformed the market over the last one-, five-, and 10-year periods, not to mention its entire lifetime. That's an impressive accomplishment, and one that helps explain its popularity among investors. Popular Stock Name Market Cap Avg. Daily Volume Average Analyst Rating Costco $72.8 billion 2.23 million Buy Data source: Yahoo! Finance.  However, like Wal-Mart, Costco is a mature company. As of its most recent earnings report, it had nearly 47 million members, and it's fair to ask how much further it can grow that membership base. Sustaining above-average growth could be challenging, and given the generational growth story in e-commerce, the Costco of today appears better suited for income investors than for those seeking long-term revenue growth. Andrew Tonner owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com, Apple, Chipotle Mexican Grill, and Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Andrew Tonner is a senior tech specialist for The Motley Fool. He is a graduate of The University of Arizona with a degree in Finance. Follow @andrewtonner Article Info Sep 4, 2016 at 6:41PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $110.27 up $0.32 (0.29%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $69.32 up $0.13 (0.19%) McDonald's NYSE:MCD $119.45 no change (0.00%) Chipotle Mexican Grill NYSE:CMG $402.90 no change (0.00%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $763.12 up $6.72 (0.89%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $150.84 down $0.36 (-0.24%) Shake Shack NYSE:SHAK $36.55 up $0.14 (0.38%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Reliable Analyst Leaks Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Details Best Low-P/E Tech Stocks to Buy in November Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
News Newport News Police: 'Dangerous, desperate' robber, car thief needs to be stopped VIDEO: Police searching for robber, car thief Newport News police have shared footage of a man robbing two stores at gunpoint. Police called the man desperate and dangerous and are seeking the public's help in identifying and locating the man. Newport News police have shared footage of a man robbing two stores at gunpoint. Police called the man desperate and dangerous and are seeking the public's help in identifying and locating the man. Michele CantyContact Reportermcanty@dailypress.com Police: 'Dangerous, desperate' robber, car thief needs to be stopped Privacy Policy A man who witnessed a convenience store robbery helped Newport News police piece together a crime spree by a man they say is desperate, dangerous and needs to be stopped. "This guy is bold — we're talking about broad-daylight robberies in highly traveled areas," said Master Police Detective L.D. LeGrande, a robbery unit investigator, during a news conference Tuesday at police headquarters. In August, the man stole a car, used it to rob at least two Newport News businesses — including one robbery where he punched two clerks — and then dumped the stolen Oldsmobile at an apartment complex, according to police reports. Map: Crime spree locations "We'd like the citizens to be aware of this particular car, we'd like to put the car out there, in case someone actually saw this man driving around in this car between (Aug. 29 and Aug. 31)," LeGrande said. "Maybe the citizens of Newport News can help us identify who this guy is." Surveillance video from Aug. 29 at the Wal-Mart at 12401 Jefferson Ave. shows the man in the parking lot with a backpack, wearing a baseball cap and shorts riding his bike. He tried to steal a car, checking out models made in the 90s or earlier, but was unsuccessful, LeGrande said. He leftWal-Mart and is captured on film minutes later in the Kohl's parking lot at 551 Bland Blvd. Again, police say he rides around the lot before stopping at a blue 1991 Oldsmobile Calais. The man breaks into the car and drives away, police said. At 1:15 p.m., the stolen blue car pulled up to the curb of a Radio Shack store in a shopping center at the corner of Denbigh and Warwick boulevards, LeGrande said. Caption Man shot and killed on Adams Drive in Newport News, police say A man was shot and killed in Newport News Thursday night in the 700 block of Adams Drive, police said. Police have not released the victim's identity, but said he was a 24-year-old man. This is the fifth fatal shooting that Newport News police have investigated since Saturday, according to police reports.  A man was shot and killed in Newport News Thursday night in the 700 block of Adams Drive, police said. Police have not released the victim's identity, but said he was a 24-year-old man. This is the fifth fatal shooting that Newport News police have investigated since Saturday, according to police reports.  Caption Man shot and killed on Adams Drive in Newport News, police say A man was shot and killed in Newport News Thursday night in the 700 block of Adams Drive, police said. Police have not released the victim's identity, but said he was a 24-year-old man. This is the fifth fatal shooting that Newport News police have investigated since Saturday, according to police reports.  A man was shot and killed in Newport News Thursday night in the 700 block of Adams Drive, police said. Police have not released the victim's identity, but said he was a 24-year-old man. This is the fifth fatal shooting that Newport News police have investigated since Saturday, according to police reports.  Caption Man dies after Newport News fire Crews respond to a house fire in Newport News.  Crews respond to a house fire in Newport News.  Caption Homicide in the 2100 block of Kecoughtan Road Hampton police officers investigate the scene of a homicide in the 2100 block of Kecoughtan Road Tuesday evening November 15, 2016.  Hampton police officers investigate the scene of a homicide in the 2100 block of Kecoughtan Road Tuesday evening November 15, 2016.  Caption Man shot and killed in Denbigh A 23-year-old died after he was shot Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016 in the 14000 block of Penrith Lane located in the Denbigh area of Newport News. A 23-year-old died after he was shot Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016 in the 14000 block of Penrith Lane located in the Denbigh area of Newport News. Caption Double fatal shooting at Tarrytown Apartments Newport News police received a call around 6:30 p.m. Saturday, Nov. 13, reporting gunshots heard at Tarrytown Apartments, police spokesman Brandon Maynard said. Newport News police received a call around 6:30 p.m. Saturday, Nov. 13, reporting gunshots heard at Tarrytown Apartments, police spokesman Brandon Maynard said. The man outfitted himself in a mask and dark clothing. Armed with a black handgun, he demanded money and a pair of high-end headphones from store employees. He left the store at 14331 Warwick Blvd. and drove off in the Oldsmobile, police said. LeGrande said the man kept the car for two days before using it in another robbery on Aug. 31 — this time at a Miller Mart at 12445 Jefferson Ave. The robber slid through a back door and was armed with a gun, police said. During this robbery, he punched the two clerks, leaving them injured and stole cash from the register, police said. Police: Masked man robs Newport News store, punches employees Amanda Williams Police said a masked man robbed a convenience store in Newport News Wednesday morning.  Just before noon, a masked man with a gun came into the Miller Mart at 12445 Jefferson Ave. through a back door, Newport News Police spokesman Harold Eley said. The man punched two employees, leaving them with... Police said a masked man robbed a convenience store in Newport News Wednesday morning.  Just before noon, a masked man with a gun came into the Miller Mart at 12445 Jefferson Ave. through a back door, Newport News Police spokesman Harold Eley said. The man punched two employees, leaving them with... (Amanda Williams) A trucker who had stopped at the Miller Mart to pay a bill saw the robbery, police said. He described the car and got the license plate number that helped connect it to the other robbery, LeGrande added. Police searched the area and found the robber had dumped the blue car not far from the convenience store at an apartment complex on Warwick Boulevard. LeGrande said the theft and the robberies happened within a five- to eight-mile distance from each other in the Denbigh area. "We think this guy is very violent. We need him identified and taken off the streets," the detective said. Police encourage anyone with information that could help the investigation to call the Crime Line at 1-888-LOCK-U-UP. Canty can be reached by phone at 757-247-4832. Armed man robs Radio Shack in Newport News Michele Canty A masked man robbed an electronics and cellphone retailer Monday, according to Newport News police reports.  Around 1:15 p.m., police were called to the Radio Shack store in the 14000 block of Warwick Blvd. for a robbery.  When officers arrived, employees told them that a man pulled up to the curb... A masked man robbed an electronics and cellphone retailer Monday, according to Newport News police reports.  Around 1:15 p.m., police were called to the Radio Shack store in the 14000 block of Warwick Blvd. for a robbery.  When officers arrived, employees told them that a man pulled up to the curb... (Michele Canty) Copyright © 2016, Daily Press Crime Read more crime and courts news Pictures: Mug shots from local arrests Breaking News Videos Top Videos Communities Trending Contact us Obits Sports Fun Share Advertise 53°
null
null
Subscribe Today   Customer Service  P-Edition  Advertise Top Workplaces UnidosSC.com Weather Home News Sports Entertainment Business Life Opinion Blogs Cannifornian Obits Press-Enterprise Rewards CARS JOBS HOMES DEALS Classifieds Real EstateColumnsInsiderMarketsLocal ProfilesRetail Sports Inland high school sports playoff schedule News Salton Sea wins $14 million grant to aid migratory birds News Aerial search launched for missing L.A. couple believed heading to the desert Sports Rams charge into Inglewood, break ground on $2.6 billion complex Business Walmart seeks Inland warehouse workers Temporary and permanent positions will be filled in the coming weeks, according to the company handling the hiring Tweet    Riverside Yellow Pages THINGS TO DO     STAFF REPORT Published: Sept. 6, 2016 Updated: Sept. 7, 2016 11:18 p.m. Walmart seeks Inland warehouse workers Print Photo Share Pin It More Galleries     Related article » More than 800 employees are being sought to work at the Walmart.com Fulfillment Center in Chino. Randstad, one of the nation’s largest human resources services and staffing companies, is handling applications and operating a weekly hiring open house at Unidos Por La Musica, 1520 N. Mountain Ave., Suite 138, Ontario. Candidates looking for job opportunities can register/apply through an online portal, call the job hotline or attend an upcoming hiring open house. The open house hiring events will be done in partnership with Unidos Por La Musica, a local community center dedicated to providing various resources that benefit the Inland Empire community. Open-house events, all beginning at 9 a.m., are scheduled for Sept. 6, Sept. 13, Sept. 17, Sept. 20, Sept. 27 and Oct. 4. Information: https://goo.gl/8MdQvy� or 909-983-2690. In a news release, Randstad said it is hiring seasonal and temporary warehouse positions at Walmart.com, paying up to $13.75 an hour depending on the shift and role. A variety of schedules are available for weekdays, weekends and night shifts. Applicants must be 18 years of age, submit to a background check and be able to lift up to 50 pounds. Contact the writer: Business@pe.com Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off More from Business Homepage Pala launches social casino app Amazon offers $20 discount on Prime UPS, San Bernardino airport make a cargo deal COMMENTS | PRINT | EMAIL |    Join the conversation Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our User Agreement We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. Return to Top Home News Cities Sports Entertainment Business Life Opinion Blogs Photos Obituaries Weather Real Estate Jobs Cars Classifieds Copyright © 2016 The Press-Enterprise & Digital First Media. All Rights Reserved. About Us | Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Map
null
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 41° Clear Tehachapi, CA (93561) Today A mix of clouds and sun. Gusty winds diminishing during the afternoon. High 57F. Winds SE at 20 to 30 mph.. Tonight Mainly clear skies. Low 39F. Winds SE at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: November 18, 2016 @ 6:15 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Letter to the editor: Rise of crime that comes with Walmart Nancy W. Johnston Sep 6, 2016 It was only a few days ago I heard a piece on NPR about the rise of crime that comes with a new Walmart.   The city of Tulsa, Okla., needs two full-time police officers to deal with the calls from the Walmarts in their city. Walmart supporters will get what they want, but we will all pay for it with a loss of quality of life and an increase in the cost of police protection.  Nancy W. Johnston This Week's e-Edition Login Subscribe Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Man dead after being struck by SUV Pedestrian struck by SUV identified by coroner There could be some new faces in local government Pen in Hand: The price of living in Tehachapi 100 years ago Christian Life Assembly kids jump for joy over new building Local boxer Macias tagged 'rising star' after stealing the show in Vegas Football Notes: Podratz out for season with broken leg Water rates slated to increase in Golden Hills Cheers to Charity Homebrew Edition deemed a success Chelley Kitzmiller, July 27, 1946 - Nov. 6, 2016 Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Classifieds Traffic Sections News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Online Features Services Subscription Services Submission Forms Classifieds Search Visitor-guide Weather Contact Information TehachapiNews.com 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA 93561 Phone: (661) 822-6828 Email: webmaster@bakersfield.com © Copyright 2016 Tehachapi News, 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... WWD logo x WWD logo search Close WWD logo Fashion Rachel Roy Unveils Swim Lines Net-a-porter Launches Jacquemus Capsule Collection Invista Fibers Unit Said on Selling Block Kelly Slater Joins White Ribbon Effort Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Alice + Olivia Names Aliza Licht as EVP of Brand Marketing and Communications Gigi and Bella Hadid Lead Charge of Influencer Marketing Store Openings Help Fuel Jimmy Choo's Growth in Half Céline Adds Senior Executive for Accessories Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Melanie Dir Launches Perfume Line Gamine Frank Body Hits U.S. Retail Scene, Enters Urban Outfitters Bold Colors Dominated Spring Runway Beauty Looks Clarins to Introduce Fifth Generation Hydration Line, Seventh Generation Body Fit Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Five Four to Enter Men’s Athletic Fray, Grooming Steve Aoki Launches Dim Mak Collection In the U.S. Esquire Teams With Macy’s on Men’s Jewelry Collection Pitti Uomo to Open in Uncertain Economic Scenario Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway ATM Anthony Thomas Melillo Pre-Fall 2017 Paco Rabanne Resort 2017 Diesel Black Gold Pre-Fall 2017 Bottega Veneta Pre-Fall 2017 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Couture 2016 Men’s Fall Collections Accessories Swarovski Forum Details China's Growth Cities, Multibrand Potential Casadei Opens Largest Flagship in London's Mayfair Amélie Pichard Will Forgo Seasonal Collections to Foster Creativity, Commerce Accessories Hit List: Bags and Shoes Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Emma Stone, Nina Dobrev, Warren Beatty, Jenna Dewan Tatum and Zuhair Murad Shine at Stylemakers 2016 Stylemakers 2016: Warren Beatty, Lily Collins and Albert Wolsky Discuss "Rules Don't Apply" Getting to Know Spring's Top Runway Models Loewe Unleashes Trio of Parties to Fete Madrid Flagship Parties People Lifestyle … Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Follow Us twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest Advertise About WWD Terms & Conditions Today's Digital Daily WWD logo Sections Fashion. Beauty. Business. Subscribe Log in Welcome Account Log out search Fashion Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Couture 2016 Men’s Fall Collections Accessories Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Parties People Lifestyle Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Fashion Koch Said Nearing Sale of Invista Fibers Unit Koch Industries is said to be considering a sale of its Invista fibers unit, 12 years after buying it from Dupont for $4.4 billion. clock 10h • Arthur Friedman Fashion Loewe Opens Madrid Flagship, With All the Trimmings An exhibition, book and calendar also trumpet the brand’s new look, made over the last three years by creative director Jonathan Anderson. clock 17h • Miles Socha Business Coach Unveils 20,000-square-foot House on Fifth Avenue The brand this year moved to new headquarters and now to a vast new retail space. clock November 17, 2016 • Sharon Edelson Wal-Mart Behind Push for Robotic Sewing SoftWear Automation has delivered on its project to help Wal-Mart automate the process of sewing jeans and calls its machines "sewbots." By Debra Borchardt on September 6, 2016 Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk A SoftWear automated sewing machine. courtesy photo Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and the Department of Defense could be the reasons why the apparel industry finally becomes fully automated. SoftWear Automation Inc. just delivered on its final phase of a 24-month project to automate jean production for Wal-Mart. The Wal-Mart Foundation and Wal-Mart Stores gave Georgia Institute of technology grant money to figure out how to get robots to take over the sewing process. By collaborating with SoftWear, the two has now begun to solve the myriad of challenges that sewing presents to robotic processing. The “sewbots” were able to accurately place two pattern pieces, transport them and sew the outside seam on a pair of jeans with the push of a button. The robot uses a variety of air devices to pick up the fabric pieces and then place them correctly at the sewing machine. The machines have cameras that function as eyes to make sure the sewing happens in the correct sport. SoftWear got its start after the company received a round of funding from the DOD to look at solving the problem of automating sewing. Military uniforms must be made in the U.S., but manufacturing thousands of uniforms domestically presents some challenges. SoftWear spokesperson Anastasia Simon said that one problem in particular is that soldiers come into the military wearing one size and then change as they become more fit. The military has a hard time providing multiple sizes to soldiers and felt that if the process were automated, more uniforms could be turned out more quickly. This money helped get the company off the ground. To address Wal-Mart’s issue, they started with unlocking the process of sewing a pair of denim jeans, which takes 38 different steps. The main challenge for robotics and sewing is that fabric is flimsy. This lack of rigidity makes it hard for robots to pick up pieces and move them. Denim is a great trial fabric because it is stiffer than many other textiles. This was solved by using a combination of vacuum and compression air. The tricky part is when a human seamstress would normally pick up the item and them adjust the product for the next step. Simon said their main challenge in this stage is to keep the right tension on the fabric as it is manipulated for the next level of sewing. The company’s goal is to accomplish automating all 38 steps in jean production over the next two years. There are already automated fabric-cutting processes and pocket-making that the company can integrate into their procedures. Wal-Mart decided in 2013 that it wanted to spend $250 billion on U.S.-made goods. But the company found that it was easier said than done and ran into major supply chain problems. In order to solve for this problem, they launched the $10 million U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund in 2014. The retail giant awarded grants to 7 universities with the first group focusing on textiles. The idea is to innovate the processes of fabric printing, dyeing and cutting in order to make U.S. goods more competitive with foreign products. According to Simon, the apparel industry has been slow to invest in automating the sewing process because labor is so cheap. But as labor costs rise in China, apparel manufacturers are now turning to Bangladesh and India for the latest cheap labor. There is also a cultural shift in China that Millennials don’t want to sit in a factory and sew. Either their parents want them to pursue education or work in a call center, but not a factory like themselves. Simon said the company isn’t looking to eliminate all apparel manufacturing jobs. Instead, automation would create a new category of highly skilled sewing technicians and software designers for the industry. Not to mention, new automated sewing machinery that is computer-driven. You're missing something! Activate your FREE PREVIEW now. Apparel Wal-Mart Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk load comments blog comments powered by Disqus Essentialist Today's Must Read Business Mexican Fashion Industry Vows to Fight Trump’s NAFTA Plans clock 24h • Ivan Castano Latest Galleries Emma Stone, Nina Dobrev, Warren Beatty, Jenna Dewan Tatum and Zuhair Murad Shine at Stylemakers 2016 Bottega Veneta Pre-Fall 2017 They Are Wearing: Alexander Wang Sample Sale FREE ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SIGN UP PRIVACY POLICY Social Studies @wwd @golden_barbie is taking over our Snapchat at @WWD today to bring you live updates from the @variety & WWD StyleMakers Awards. Tune in at 10:30 a.m. PST. #StyleMakers2016 @wwd The Costume Institute's new exhibition is finally here. "Masterworks: Unpacking Fashion" reminds visitors of the evolution of fashion by spelling out how highly-technical pieces have changed the course of fashion from the early 18th century to today. @wwd Donatella Versace just opened @versace_official's second hotel in the world, Palazzo Versace Dubai. See how the designer celebrated at WWD.com. @wwd @traceeellisross is this week's cover star. The actress from the hit series @blackishabc forges her own chic path and is being honored as this year's Style Innovator at the @variety & WWD StyleMakers Awards. (📷: @rainmac) @wwd The @alexanderwangny sample sale in SoHo brought out all the best street style looks. Check out WWD.com to see them all and get the full scoop on the brand's first sample sale in two years. (📷: @lifeinreverie) @wwd From @vanessaseward to @driesvannoten, bright swaths of color on the eyes were omnipresent at fashion's spring shows. (📷: @delphineachard) @wwd @amberfillerup reveals the secret to getting her full, long hair. Click link in bio to get the full scoop. (📷: Will Ragozzino) @wwd "It's not the technique that makes the difference in fashion, but the care and passion. Talent is conceptual, but if there is no passion or sharing a project, you lose the poetry." - @maisonvalentino's creative director Pierpaolo Piccioli (📷: Simone Lezzi) @wwd Exclusive behind-the-scenes look at @victoriassecret Angel @josephineskriver's fitting for the VS Fashion Show. (🎥: @leahjubara) @wwd ICYMI: From @dior opening its first makeup boutique in NYC to @lordandtaylor unveiling its holiday windows, here are all the major highlights from this week. (🎥: @leahjubara) @wwd See all the hottest sneaker trends from Sneaker Con NYC. 👟 (🎥: @leahjubara) @wwd The Life Aquatic: Designers showered their spring collections with all manner of maritime references, making for a refreshing season. (📷: @eds1ngleton) @wwd Here we are!! @stellamccartney #menswear #abbeyroadstudios 📷 @maryamccartney 👍🏽 #stellaxabveyrd @wwd #beastieboys 👌🏽 #stellaxabbeyrd @stellamccartney 📷 @marymccartney #nenswear #abbeyroadstudios #wwd @wwd @sharleenspiteri 🎉 #WWD #stellaxabbeyrd 📷@maryamccartney @wwd #bethditto 👌🏽#stellaxabbeyrd #wwd @stellamccartney 📷 @maryamccartney #stellaxabbeyrd @wwd Feels like home #abbeyroadstudios #wwd @stellamccartney #london 📷 @maryamccartney #stellaxabbeyrd @wwd @stellamccartney is unveiling her first ever men's collection today. For an exclusive insider look, follow along on our Instagram Stories as Stella's sister @maryamccartney takes you behind the scenes. Tune in at 2 p.m. EST. #StellaXAbbeyRd @wwd We're talking spring trends with @netaporter's Vice President of Global Buying @sarahrutson at 12 p.m. EST on Facebook Live. Click link in bio to tune in. More From Our Brands Footwear News See All the Glitzy Looks Jennifer Lopez Wore to the Latin Grammy Awards 5h Ago Fairchild Summits & Events 2017 WWD Digital Beauty Forum 4d Ago Variety Pinewood Atlanta Studios Selects Tech Guru Frank Patterson as President 3h Ago BGR This pre-Black Friday sale at Best Buy might be too good to pass up 5h Ago Never Miss a Fashion Moment Subscribe Today WWD down caret About Us Advertising Careers Classifieds WWD Magic Legal down caret Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions FAQ Customer Service down caret WWD.com WWD.com + WWD Print WWD Print WWD Archives twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest © Copyright 2016  -  Penske Media Corporation twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest
null
GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 61° Low 34° High 71° Fayetteville 55° Low 28° High 66° Bentonville 50° Low 30° High 66° See complete forecast Funeral Services For Philanthropist Pat Walker Begin Wednesday Posted 11:05 am, September 6, 2016, by Zuzanna Sitek, Updated at 09:12am, September 7, 2016 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video SPRINGDALE (KFSM) -- Funeral services for local philanthropist Amy "Pat" Seamans Walker, who died Friday (Sept. 2) at 97, will begin Wednesday. She died at her home surrounded by her family. Walker married Willard Walker in 1942 after the two met at S.H. Kress department store in Kansas. Seventeen years later, Walmart founder Sam Walton hired Willard Walker to manage his Five and Dime store in Fayetteville and Walker eventually worked his way up to an executive position at Walmart. During the first ten years of their marriage, the Walkers lived in several Oklahoma and Arkansas cities before settling down in Springdale to raise their family. The couple established the Willard and Pat Walker Charitable Foundation, which has contributed to medical centers, colleges and universities, public schools, libraries, park and recreation facilities, performing arts centers and museums, churches and religious institutions and social service organizations. In 2016, Pat Walker was inducted into the Arkansas Women's Hall of Fame. Willard Walker died in 2003. Pat Walker is survived by her two children, seven grandchildren and 15 great-grandchildren. A memorial service will be held for Walker Thursday (Sept. 8) at 5 p.m. at the Springdale High School performing arts center, which is named after her. A church service will be held Friday at 2 p.m. at Spring Creek Fellowship in Springdale, followed by a private burial ceremony. The Walker family will receive friends for a visitation Wednesday at Sisco Funeral Chapel in Springdale. The Walkers' names appear on several facilities around Northwest Arkansas including Walker Elementary School in Springdale, the Willard Walker Field House at Springdale High, the Pat Walker Health Center at the University of Arkansas and the Pat Walker Center for Seniors at Washington Regional Medical Center. “She was wonderful. She was kind. She had a beautiful presence around everyone," said Mary Alice Serafini, Executive Director of the Pat Walker Health Center. "We want that to carry on, and we have a lot to learn from her legacy." To read Pat Walker's full obituary, click here. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Mercy Healthwatch Your latest health news. Popular 2016-17 Arkansas Basketball Schedule Wildfire Rages In Franklin County, Shuts Down Highway 96 And Burns Homes Grandma’s Accidental Thanksgiving Invite To Wrong Teen Goes Viral ‘Incredibly Loved And Missed’ Sister Of Missing Siloam Springs Woman, Baby Pleads For Information Springdale Junior High Student Dies After Collapsing In Basketball Practice Latest News 2016-17 Arkansas Basketball Schedule Thomas Jefferson Elementary, Bentonville – Ms. Kayla Spaulding – 3rd Grade Parga Making Mark On Defense, Special Teams Adventure Arkansas: Mount Magazine Rock Climb Trump Team Set To Do ‘Thank America Tour’ News Arkansas Children’s Northwest Launches $70 Million Campaign News Firefighter’s Home Burns After Racist Threat News Walmart Surprises Teen Who Saved Man’s Life Inside Indiana Store News Little Girl Drives Barbie Car Full Of Gifts To Neighbors Who Lost Everything News Chili’s Removes Manager Who Took Away Veteran’s Free Meal News Springdale Football Player Dies In Car Accident News Video Shows Chili’s Manager Taking Away Free Meal From Veteran News Funeral Plans Announced For Family Members Killed In Poteau Train Collision News A Superhero’s Send-Off: Funeral Held For South Carolina School Shooting Victim Jacob Hall News Funeral Services Conclude For Fallen Deputy Cpl. Bill Cooper, Procession Begins Down Rogers Avenue News Pernod Ricard Announces Facility Expansion, Malibu Rum To Be Bottled In Fort Smith Plant News Springdale Schools Reports Suspected Mumps Cases In 14 Schools, 27 Students News Thousands Remember Springdale Football Player At Funeral Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2016, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Supermarket News Search: Buy SN Research Digital Edition About Contact Advertise Subscribe RSS Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close News Retail & Financial Online Retail Executive Changes Laws & Regulations Marketing Recommended Reading Store Design & Construction Issues & Trends The New Consumer Food Safety Health & Wellness Sustainability Organic & Natural Top Retailers Walmart Kroger Publix Ahold Delhaize Product Categories Bakery Beverage Center Store Dairy Deli Prepared Foods Meat Multicultural Nonfood & Pharmacy Private Label Produce & Floral Seafood Rankings & Research Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents Top 25 Global Retailers Disruptors 2015 SN Awards SN Research Upcoming Events White Papers & Studies Advertisement Home > News > Executive Changes > Whole Foods names 3 senior leaders Whole Foods names 3 senior leaders Sep 6, 2016 EMAIL Tweet Comments 2 Advertisement Whole Foods Market on Monday announced three new members of its senior leadership team, including two former Wal-Mart Stores executives and a Starbucks veteran.  Sonya Gafsi Oblisk, global VP of marketing; Martin Tracey, global VP of team member services, and Brooke Buchanan, global VP of communications, joined their respective teams Monday, Austin, Texas-based Whole Foods said. “We are thrilled to welcome Sonya, Martin and Brooke to our senior leadership team,” Walter Robb, co-CEO of Whole Foods Market, said in a statement. “They are accomplished leaders who bring deep retail and consumer experience, valuable perspective on both internal and external communications strategy and will play an integral role in supporting the company’s culture of innovation and team member empowerment as we continue to grow and evolve.” Oblisk will lead the company’s marketing, advertising and brand development efforts, including digital, brand marketing and customer relationship strategies. Oblisk brings more than 15 years of experience in retail, consumer products and affinity marketing, including an eight-year tenure at Wal-Mart where she most recently served as VP of marketing for Sam’s Club. Tracey will have strategic responsibilities for the end-to-end team member experience including recruitment, compensation and benefits, talent analytics, learning and development and payroll operations for more than 87,000 team members, Whole Foods said. In his most recent role at Starbucks, Tracey was responsible for leadership development, talent analytics, and organizational development as chief talent officer and VP of people development. Buchanan will lead Whole Foods Market’s public relations, internal communications and government affairs efforts. Buchanan has previously served as VP of communications for Theranos, VP of public relations for Williams-Sonoma and held multiple senior positions at Walmart. Prior to her corporate experience, she spent over eight years in political and government communications. The new vice presidents are based at the company’s headquarters in Austin. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 2 ok starbucks (not verified) on Sep 6, 2016 Hopefully Tracey picks better people at WFM than Starbucks, because service level stinks at Starbucks. reply Log In or Register to post comments Anonymousnononymous (not verified) on Sep 7, 2016 Hmmm. These new "leaders" are from Walmart and Starbucks. I think that says it all. Whole Foods Market, RIP. reply Log In or Register to post comments Post new comment Name: Sign In or register to use your Supermarket News ID Email: Your comment: * Advertisement Related Articles Gallery: Whole Foods on St. Louis' Central West End Whole Foods sees drops in 3Q earnings, comps 365 by Whole Foods opening in Lake Oswego Expanding Sprouts Names Two New VPs   Whole Foods Promotes Robb to Co-CEO   Latest News Natural Grocers to moderate store growth  Sanders out as Sprouts chairman CPI shows 6th straight month of retail deflation  Northgate shows off waste-to-energy system Walmart posts modest 3Q sales, comp growth  more Advertisement Top Retailers Walmart Kroger Albertsons Publix Ahold USA Delhaize America Editor's Choice New value concept sweeps Harveys overnight    Reimagining Center Store    Value-added and natural offerings drive pork sales    Retailers play up citrus    Wegmans, Price Chopper see benefits in full-service restaurants    Advertisement Connect With Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube LinkedIn RSS iPhone Featured Products SN Top 75 List 2016 PDF BRAND NEW - Download the 2016 SN Top 75 list. SN Fresh Foods Survey 2016 BRAND NEW - Download the 2016 SN Fresh Foods Survey. SN Center Store Survey 2016 BRAND NEW - Download the 2016 SN Center Store Survey. View CatalogView Shopping Cart Advertisement Navigate SupermarketNews.com News Top Retailers Product Categories Rankings & Research Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Contact Newsletters View Mobile Site Penton Magazine Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube LinkedIn RSS iPhone Search SupermarketNews.com Search: Supermarket News Penton Media Food Group and Related Sites NewHope360 MeetingsNet Nation's Restaurant News Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18878.89 -0.13%   S&P 500 ▲ 2186.00 -0.05%   Nasdaq ▲ 5336.70 0.05%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 7/32 yield 2.279%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.52 0.22%   Euro ▲ 1.0622 -0.04%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Yellen Says Rate Rise Could Come ‘Relatively Soon’ as Data Point to Stronger Economy Small Businesses Are Living Longer—But Also Staying Smaller Asian Central Banks Struggling to Defend Currencies The Outlook GDP, Inflation, Interest Rates Forecast to Rise Under Trump Inflation Continues to Firm U.S. Housing Starts Jump 25.5% in October What a Privately Funded Infrastructure Push Could Add to GDP Capital Account Trumpflation: Not Now, Maybe Later Is Growth in the Gig Economy Stalling Out? U.S. Jobless Claims Fall House Republicans Aim to Cut Taxes Without Increasing Deficits China-U.S. Economic Ties Run Deeper Than Official Estimates, a New Report Says Does Trump Spell an End to Fed’s Era of Low Rates? Donald Trump’s Win Gives GOP Fuel to Slash Taxes The U.S. Economy President Donald Trump Will Inherit, in 11 Charts Global Economy Week Ahead: GDP Data in Japan, Europe 5 Reasons Why Oil Prices Could Fall Further Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Economy Economic Data U.S. Service-Sector Index Shows Slowest Growth Since 2010 Some economists say ISM report should give Fed pause at September meeting By Anna Louie Sussman Anna Louie Sussman The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyAnna Louie Sussman @annalouiesuss anna.sussman@wsj.com Updated Sept. 6, 2016 12:33 p.m. ET WASHINGTON—A gauge of U.S. service-sector activity sank in August to its lowest level in more than six years, signaling slowing growth in key sectors of the U.S. economy ahead of a policy meeting of Federal Reserve officials. The Institute for Supply Management on Tuesday said its nonmanufacturing index fell to 51.4 in August from 55.5 in July, the lowest reading since February 2010, and well below a consensus expectation of 55.0... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos A Reporter's View From the Trump Tower Lobby Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds Nintendo NES Classic Edition Takes You Back to ’85 China Tightens Regulations on Movie Themes LA Auto Show: Five Things to Watch Most Popular Articles Theranos Whistleblower Shook the Company—and His Family Opinion: Donald Trump Won Because Hillary Clinton Flopped Yellen Says Rate Rise Could Come ‘Relatively Soon’ as Data Point to Stronger Economy Trump Children Won’t Have Formal White House Roles U.S. Prosecutors Charge Former Valeant, Philidor Executives Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Close E-Edition Subscriber Services Place My Ad Contact Archives November 18, 2016 Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard White Mountain Independent Search: Advanced Search Tip: Use advanced search for extended search features and options. 19° Clear White Mountain Independent Latest News Sports Local Sports Sports Briefs Take a Hike Go Fishin' Recreation Fearless fifteen friday football forecast Top Story Three bull elk poached near Joseph City PINETOP — The Arizona Game and Fish Department is asking for the public’s help in finding those responsible for the illegal killing of three b… posted: November 18 Comments (0) rss More headlines Staten pushes lead to four games with two weeks left Fishing Report, 11/18/16 Chino Valley boys shut out BR for 4th straight title Sports briefs, 11/18/16 Police White mountain mugshots Police Reports Police News Top Story Oral argument set for motion to dismiss marijuana lawsuit SNOWFLAKE — The first lawsuit filed against the Town of Snowflake and Copperstate Farms LLC regarding the special use permit for the medical m… posted: November 18 Comments (0) rss More headlines Navajo County Sheriff's Office, 11/18/16 Show Low Police, 11/18/16 Pinetop-Lakeside Police, 11/18/16 Snowflake-Taylor Police, 11/18/16 Opinion Letters To The Editor Editorial Editorial Cartoons Submit a Letter From Our Polls Top Story KEEPING IT SIMPLE : America needs to get behind new President Since President-elect Donald Trump won his bid to become the leader of the free world, there have been a lot of protests — both homegrown and abroad. posted: November 18 Comments (0) rss More headlines What To Expect The National Convention of the Deplorables ROUGH WRITER: It may not be rocket science, but ... It's time to 'just stop' Obituaries Latest Obituaries Obituary Archives Submit Obituary Community Beat about our reporters announcements briefs education health local entertainment movers and shapers religion Top Story Faith and inspiration: Encyclopedia of saints for today Saint Mechtild of Magdeburg, Mystic (1210-1297).  posted: November 18 Comments (0) rss More headlines Flouride screening planned in December News Briefs, 11/18/16 Get Out! What's Happening This Weekend, 11/18/16 Teacher shortage may grow critical Business Business News Top Story Frontier layoffs will have ‘minimal’ local impact SHOW LOW — Following a reported third-quarter loss of more than 99,000 DSL Internet customers, Frontier Communications’ Show Low vice presiden… posted: November 18 Comments (0) rss More headlines Investors should avoid ‘great expectations’ Five conversations not to have at the Thanksgiving table Supporting our wounded warriors Naked Mobile receives outstanding community service award Multimedia Photo Galleries Videos Slideshows Health Classifieds Place My Ad Featured Ads Announcements Services & Merchandise Cars Jobs Rentals Real Estate All Classifieds Display Ads Public Notices Local Legal Notices Legals Around the State Delinquent Tax Home Police Police Reports Snowflake-Taylor Police 9/6/16 Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Posted: Tuesday, September 6, 2016 5:00 am Snowflake-Taylor Police 9/6/16 0 comments • Aug. 21 — Police responded to a report of domestic violence in Taylor. A 14-year-old boy was allegedly beating up his 10-year-old brother and would not listen to the mother. Police said the older brother attempted to flee and resisted arrest. Police arrested on charges of disorderly conduct domestic violence as well as resisting arrest. He was booked into Navajo County Juvenile Detention. kAm­— !@=:46 E@@< 2 C6A@CE @7 2 EH@\G69:4=6 ?@?\:?;FCJ 244:56?E 2E (2=>2CE :? %2J=@C] }@ :?;FC:6D H6C6 C6A@CE65 2?5 @?6 G69:4=6 H2D A2C<65]k^Am kAm— !@=:46 E@@< 2 C6A@CE @7 E96 E967E @7 2 46== A9@?6 :? $?@H7=2<6] %96 G:4E:> D2:5 2 >2? >6E 96C 2E E96 C@56@ 8C@F?5D E@ C6EFC? :E 3FE @?=J C6EFC?65 96C 4C65:E 42C5D 2?5 ?@E E96 A9@?6]k^Am kAm— !@=:46 E@@< 2 C6A@CE @7 2 5@8 3:E :? $?@H7=2<6] p 7C:6?5’D 5@8 3:E 2 H@>2? :? E96 2C>] %96 5@8 925 FA52E65 G244:?6D]k^Am kAm• pF8] aa — !@=:46 2?5 2? 2>3F=2?46 C6DA@?565 E@ r@F?ECJ r=F3 uF6=D :? $?@H7=2<6 27E6C 2 >2? 4@==2AD65 2E 2 AF>A]k^Am kAm— !@=:46 C6DA@?565 E@ 2 C6A@CE @7 DFDA:4:@FD 24E:G:EJ :? $?@H7=2<6] x?5:G:5F2=D H6C6 C6A@CE65=J D?@@A:?8 2C@F?5 2 G242?E >@3:=6 9@>6 H:E9 7=2D9=:89ED E96 AC6G:@FD ?:89E 2?5 ?@H E96C6 H6C6 A6@A=6 :?D:56 E96 9@>6] !@=:46 7@F?5 E96 A6@A=6 H6C6 E96C6 3J A6C>:DD:@? @7 E96 C62=E@C] %96J H6C6 E96C6 4=62?:?8 E96 C6D:56?46]k^Am kAm— zJ=66 #F2C<[ aa[ @7 $?@H7=2<6[ H2D 2CC6DE65 2?5 3C@F89E E@ E96 DE2E:@?[ 492C865 H:E9 5C:G:?8 H:E9 DFDA6?565 =:46?D6 2?5 5CF8 A2C2A96C?2=:2] $96 H2D EC2?DA@CE65 E@ }2G2;@ r@F?EJ y2:= p??6I :? $9@H {@H]k^Am kAm• pF8] ac — !@=:46 C6DA@?565 E@ 2 C6A@CE @7 D@>6@?6 E9C62E6?:?8 2?5 C67FD:?8 E@ =62G6 2 AC:G2E6 A2CEJ] !@=:46 D2:5 qC2?5:2? pC28@?6K >256 E9C62ED E@ 92C> 2?5 <:== E96 9@>6@H?6C] pC28@?6K[ ba[ @7 %2J=@C[ H2D =@42E65 2E 96C 9@>6 :? %2J=@C 2?5 2CC6DE65[ 492C865 H:E9 4C:>:?2= EC6DA2DD:?8[ E9C62E6?:?8 2?5 :?E:>:52E:?8 2?5 5:D@C56C=J 4@?5F4E] $96 H2D 4:E65 2?5 C6=62D65]k^Am kAm• pF8] ad — !@=:46 E@@< 2 C6A@CE @7 2 AC:G2E6\AC@A6CEJ 244:56?E 2E (2=>2CE :? %2J=@C] !@=:46 D2:5 E96 DFDA64E G69:4=6 2?5 DFDA64E H6C6 4=62C=J D66? @? D64FC:EJ G:56@]k^Am kAm— p $?@H7=2<6 C6D:56?E C6A@CE65 2 3FC8=2CJ 2E 9:D ?6:893@C’D 9@>6] &?<?@H? :7 2?J :E6>D H6C6 E2<6?] x?G6DE:82E:@? :D @?8@:?8 2E E9:D E:>6]k^Am kAm— !@=:46 E@@< 2 C6A@CE @7 E967E :? $?@H7=2<6] %9C66 8:C=D H6C6 C6A@CE65=J 42F89E ECJ:?8 E@ 3C62< :?E@ 2 DECF4EFC6] %96 DFDA64ED H6C6 E@=5 E@ =62G6 2?5 ?@E 4@>6 324<]k^Am kAm— !@=:46 C6DA@?565 E@ 2 C6A@CE @7 5@>6DE:4 G:@=6?46 :? $?@H7=2<6] v6?ECJ pF=E[ bd[ @7 $?@H7=2<6[ H2D 2CC6DE65[ 492C865 H:E9 2DD2F=E 5@>6DE:4 G:@=6?46] w6 H2D E2<6? E@ E96 4@FCE[ H96C6 2 ;F586 C6=62D65 9:>]k^Am Subscription Required An online service is needed to view this article in its entirety. You need an online service to view this article in its entirety. Have an online subscription? Login Now Need an online subscription? Subscribe Already a Print Subscriber? Login Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Remember me on this computer Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Or, use your linked account: yahoo Need an account? Create one now. Choose an online service. 1 A - Day Pass E-edition & Premium Content $1.99 for 1 day $1.99 for a Day Pass (24 hours) to access all content available on WMIcentral.com. 2 B - 1 Week E-edition & Premium Content $4.99 for 7 days $4.99 for one Week's worth of access to all content available on WMIcentral.com. 3 C - 1 Month E-edition & Premium Content $11.99 for 30 days $11.99 for one Month's worth of access to all content available on WMIcentral.com. 4 E - RENEWAL - 1 Year E-Edition/Premium Content $50.00 for 365 days $50.00 for One Year's worth of access to all content available on WMIcentral.com. *** Subscribers within Apache & Navajo Counties will also receive print delivery of The White Mountain Independent FREE of charge (104 issues) *** This also includes the E-Edition Digital Newspaper replica, all online articles and access to online archives dating back to 2002. (if you live outside of Apache and Navajo counties, print delivery is not available). We will contact you via email to set up your print subcription. 5 D - 1 Year E-Edition/Premium Content $50.00 for 365 days $50.00 for One Year's worth of access to all content available on WMIcentral.com. *** Subscribers within Apache & Navajo Counties will also receive print delivery of The White Mountain Independent FREE of charge (104 issues) *** This also includes the E-Edition Digital Newspaper replica, all online articles and access to online archives dating back to 2002. (if you live outside of Apache and Navajo counties, print delivery is not available). We will contact you via email to set up your print subscription. Current print subscribers 1 CURRENT PRINT Current subscribers to the White Mountain Independent get FREE access to Premium Content on WMIcentral.com. Print Subscribers will first need to create an account on WMIcentral.com. You will also need to know your Account Number which is located on your newspaper's mailing label that is sent to you in your mail **The first number (up to four digits) directly above your name** or is located on your billing invoice. Your 5 digit Zip Code will also be required for authentication. Enter your Account Number in area "1" and your zip code area in the area provided for authentication. Already a Print Subscriber? None of these apply to you? Back Need an account? Create one now. Discuss Print Posted in Police reports on Tuesday, September 6, 2016 5:00 am. Welcome to the discussion. Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Remember me on this computer Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Or, use your linked account: yahoo Need an account? Create one now. A subscription service is required to post comments. A subscription service is required to post comments. Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. 2 Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness acounts, the history behind an article. Print comments Social Marketplace Popular Commented Stories Show Low Police 11/11/16 Elks dominate with 690 yards in quarterfinal shutout Pie-in-face event raised $4,200 for St. Jude Suspect shot, killed after allegedly murdering officer Lee Revier Darrin Lee Reed Grady Martin Tucker NC finance director Menlove resigns Photos Videos All Special post-election commentary (26) Suspect shot, killed after allegedly murdering officer (8) Officer Reed was an outstanding officer (6) People have spoken with election (4) Arizona is a swing state (7) Next time you leave home, know your rights (6) Who is the enemy? (24) Recreational pot fails, minimum wage increase passes (2) Show Low, AZ Current Conditions Clear 19° Humidity: 42% Winds: ENE at 5mph Feels Like: 13° Your Extended Forecast Today High 52°/Low 28° Freezing rain and sleet likely in the morning Tomorrow High 63°/Low 37° Plenty of sun Sunday High 62°/Low 41° More clouds than sun Monday High 44°/Low 31° Rain and wind 7 Day Forecast carshomesjobs Sections Sections News Sports Police Opinion Obituaries Photos Weather RSS Feeds Online Features Services Services Contact Us Advertise Place My Ad Home Delivery Subscription Services Submission Forms Site Index Add Search Toolbar © Copyright 2016, White Mountain Independent, Show Low, AZ. [Terms of Use & Privacy Policy] Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Remember me on this computer Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Or, use your linked account: yahoo Need an account? Create one now.
Success cafemom Groups & Conversations Advice Login Join Now Parenting Lifestyle Entertainment News Swirl Winter Wellness Celebrate The Holidays Raising Kind Kids First Time for Everything It's On Us See All View More The Stir SHARE Share Tweet Parenting Top Parenting Stories Big Kid 15 Adorable Thanksgiving Kids' Table Ideas Parenting News I'm a Black Mom Who's Turning Trump's Win into Inspiration Parenting Topics Pregnancy Baby Toddlers & Preschoolers Big Kid Tweens & Teens Being a Mom Celebrity Moms Parenting News Lifestyle Top Lifestyle Stories Fashion 16 Fabulous Faux-Fur Looks to Keep You Warm All Winter Long Dating & Couples Science Knows If (Or When) Your Relationship Is Going to End Lifestyle Topics Beauty & Style Love & Sex Food & Party Home & Garden Healthy Living Money Entertainment Top Entertainment Stories TV Your 'Gilmore Girls' Refresher Course -- as Told in 16 Classic GIFs Celebrities Beyonce's CMAs Performance Was Not Misplaced Entertainment Topics Celebrities Movies TV News Top In the News Stories Politics & Views Our Kids May Be Suffering From Post-Election Hate Politics & Views It's Time to Have a Heartfelt Conversation About the Election In the News Topics Breaking Crime Good News Bizarre News Politics & Views Viral Videos Swirl Winter Wellness Celebrate The Holidays Raising Kind Kids First Time for Everything It's On Us See All More Winter Wellness Celebrate The Holidays View More Here's Everything You Need to Know About the Country Fresh Veggie Recall Alaisha Key August 29 at 6:24 PM 0 Share Tweet Pin There's no easier way to get in your daily amount of vegetables than by adding some already-made sides to your lunch or dinner. But before you get ready to munch on those prepackaged, fresh-cut veggies, you'll want to read this first. Country Fresh, Inc., just recalled 30,000 of its precut packaged vegetables due to potential Listeria monocytogenes contamination.  A variety of these products can be purchased at several stores such as Walmart, Publix, Winn Dixie, Harris Teeter Supermarkets, and BI-LO. Shoppers in the Southeast should be on the lookout because the products were distributed across several southern states including Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia.  According to the US Food and Drug Administration, customers should be wary of Country Fresh items that have the "best if used by" dates that range between August 7, 2016 to August 19, 2016, as they may be affected. These items in question are also packaged in either clear containers or Styrofoam trays wrapped in plastic. A list of the recalled items and the store in which they are sold can be found here.  More from CafeMom: 6 Foods This Expert on Food Poisoning Will Never Ever Eat (PHOTOS) Fortunately, there have been no reported illnesses in relation to the recalled vegetables.  The director of food safety for the Conroe, Texas–based company, Max Payen, explained in a news release: "We are treating this incident very seriously because we want to ensure that our customers are provided with only the safest, most wholesome, and high-quality products available."  The Georgia Department of Agriculture originally identified the contamination in a routine sample that tested positive for the bacteria. More from CafeMom: Major Hot Dog Recall Underway: Here's What You Need to Know Right Now Listeria causes short-term symptons for healthy people, but can cause serious infections in children, elderly, and individuals with weakened immune systems. Infection can even cause miscarriages and stillbirths in pregnant women. If you have purchased any of the possibly contaminated items, please return the items to the store for a full refund. Customers can also reach out to Country Fresh about any questions via phone at 281-453-3305, Monday through Friday, 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. CT.    Image via StudioSmile/Shutterstock Read More recalls, food safety, kitchen safety Share this Story Share Tweet Pin comments Related Articles Bizarre News Grandma Goes Viral After Inviting the Wrong 'Grandkid' to... Politics & Views Megyn Kelly Should Not Have to Explain What a Bimbo Is to Her Young... Get the latest from The Stir directly to your inbox Subscribe Please enter a valid email address. Piping Hot 01. Brian Austin Green Shares Rare Pics of All 3 Adorable Sons With... 02. Ashton Kutcher Reveals His Unusual Baby Name Choice That Mila... 03. 16 On-Screen Couples We Always Wished Were a Thing IRL 04. 18 Adorable Celeb Couples We Kept Falling For in 2016 05. Brooke Mueller, Mom of Charlie Sheen's Twins, Hospitalized After... 06. Blake Lively Keeps It Chic & Casual on Her 1st Red Carpet Since... 07. 11 of Natalie Portman's Most Stylish Maternity Moments -- This Time... 08. The 10 Over-the-Knee Boots You Need in Your Wardrobe, Stat 09. Grandma Goes Viral After Inviting the Wrong 'Grandkid' to... 10. 13 Moms Get Real About Why They Chose Not to Breastfeed 11. 17 TV Character Deaths That Totally Surprised Us ... & Felt All Too... 12. Attractiveness Isn't About Being Pretty — It's About Being YOURSELF all piping hot Comment Overload Activities & Play SPONSORED CONTENT 17 Learning to Find Your Way Home Activities & Play SPONSORED CONTENT 15 Make Holiday Travel Less Stressful! Around the Web ZergNet Ed Sheeran surprises 9-year-old super fan battling terminal illness: 'She's still on cloud nine' Megyn Kelly's new book gets trolled by Donald Trump supporters on Amazon Joni Mitchell steps out for her birthday Marion Cotillard Speaks Out About Those Brad Pitt Rumors: ‘I Didn’t Take It Personally’ George Ortiz Dead: Former 'Project Runway' Hairstylist Dies at 45, Officials Investigating as Suicide Ben Higgins, Lauren Bushnell 'Happier Than Ever' After Calling Off Wedding Kendall Shades Rob and Chyna's Baby Name on Corden "The Shining" Star Re-Emerges, Tells Dr. Phil She's "Very Sick" Suzanne Somers Reveals Her Beauty Secrets Get all the latest from the stir directly to your inbox Subscribe Please enter a valid email address. About The Stir Writers Contact Us Terms of Use Terms of Use Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Part of the CafeMedia family ©2016 CMI Marketing Inc. All rights reserved.
Home Veterans Resources VA Benefits Jobs for Veterans Jobs News for Veterans VA Home Loans Short Term Personal Loans Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) Medical & Health Forum RSS Feed Email Newsletter Sign-Up Download VT Apps VT APP (Android) VT App (Iphone) VT Radio App (Android) VT Radio App (Iphone) VT Radio & TV Channels YouTube ITunes Sound Cloud Android Devices Social Networks Facebook Google + Twitter Help Desk Submit Support Ticket Vladimir Putin We have one Fatherland, one people and a common future Home Health Agent Orange Coping Gulf War Illness (GWI) Medical Disability Benefits PTSD Investigations 9/11 Holocaust JFK Assassination Paris Attacks 2015 Sandy Hook Life Art, Books, & Entertainment Economy & Business Education Environment Food, Wine & Travel History Civil War (1861-1865) Cold War (1947-1991) Gulf War (1990-1991) Iraq War (2003-2011) Korean War (1950-1953) Libyan Civil War (2011-2014) Vietnam War (1955-1975) World War I (1914-1918) World War II (1939-1945) Humor Of Interest Peace, Causes & Activism Personal Finance Religion Media Military Heroes Support the Troops Politics Civil Liberties and Freedom Corruption Election 2016 Foreign Policy Government Legislation Veterans Benefits Regional Top 10 VA Home Loans Veteran Service Organizations Veterans Affairs WarZone Afghanistan War Drug War New World Order War Ukraine Wars War in Syria World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Russia Custom Weapons Download Apps VT Polls Career Center VT Books Contact Editorial Board-Staff Comment Policy Write for VT About Us Advertise Legal Notice Search Syrian War Report – November 18, 2016: Govt Forces Storming Eastern Aleppo Russian spokeswoman says Jews behind Trump win NEO – Will US Hit the Reset Button with Russia? Should the military overthrow Trump? Armenian President: Russia’s Iskander missile systems in Armenia to maintain balance in region Trump Election Spurs Hate Crime Wave with 400 Racist Incidents FF2P – False Flags 2 Protect American interests in the Mideast replaces R2P? Trump’s “isolationism” vs. Deep State ‹ › Born in the Palestinian city of El-Bireh (presently under Israeli Military and Settlers Occupation). Immigrated to the US in 62. After graduating from high school in Gary, Indiana was drafted into the US Army (66-68) received the Leadership Award from the US 6th Army NCO Academy in Ft. Lewis, Washington. Five of us brothers were in US military service about the same time (Nabil-Army), (Lutfi-Marines), (Sam-Army) and (Taiseer-Marines) with two nephews presently with US Army. Graduated from Indiana University with BA-72, Master of Public Affairs-74 and Jurist Doctor-77, and in senior year at IU, was elected Chairman of the Indiana Student Association. Sami Jamil Jadallah is an international legal and business consultant and is the founder and director of Palestine Agency and Palestine Documentation Center and founder and owner of several businesses in technology and services. His articles are also featured on JeffersonCorner.com, PalestineNote.com and Ramallah Online. View Latest Posts >>> Trump Selling “White America” Trash By Sami Jamil Jadallah on September 5, 2016 Gary Indiana 1965 White middle-aged Americans have every reason to be angry, but there is no reason to believe that Donald Trump will deliver prosperity and get back the good old days, when a high school education and working in the steel mills would allow you to own a home, two cars, and some leftover money to send your kids to junior college. Those days are gone, done with, and neither Hillary Clinton nor Donald Trump will ever bring them back. Statements coming from presidential candidates about getting back American Middle-Class status are at best, trash. I should know. Though categorized by the US Census Bureau under “Others”, I am an immigrant; yes, a legal immigrant — fingerprinted, issued a permanent visa and arrived in Chicago on a TWA flight. I am an Arab-American who lived in and grew up in the industrial town of Gary, Indiana. Back in the 1960’s, my father, who had no high school education, worked in the steel mills, and so did I after completing my military service, working the midnight shift at Inland Steel in East Chicago. We both earned around $2.75/hour, but that salary allowed my father and me to own a decent house and each to own our own car and support our siblings. We could never do that again, even if we got a minimum wage of $12/hr. _________ That Was Then White Americans of the early fifties and sixties enjoyed the industrial boom that came after the end of the war. With Europe’s and Japan’s industrial bases totally destroyed, Americans – mainly White Americans – enjoyed and benefited from the fact that America’s industrial base was intact and was easily converted from military manufacturing to civilian manufacturing. Steel mills flourished from Milwaukee all the way to Chicago to East Chicago to Gary to Pittsburgh and Ohio, with great companies of the times such as Inland, US, Bethlehem, and Republic steel employing hundreds of thousands. These factories supplied the steel to booming car industries all over the State of Michigan, Ohio, even Indiana, and Wisconsin. The South also had its share of the industrial boom, with textile, and furniture manufacturing, in addition to factories producing refrigerators, televisions, washers and dryers to meet the needs of every house in America. White Americans with high school educations were the engine behind such an industrial boom — and a good job they did. Many small towns became big towns. With the spread of suburbia came the demand for cars, and all the amenities the suburbs can provide. _________ What Happened? All of that changed during the Reagan years, where the very idea of a “trickle down” economy was promoted as the new hope for White America. Well, partially true, it made the rich richer, but it left White Americans having a mere high school education behind. A changing economy was taken shape while White America slept through it. WalMart set up shops that competed with downtown Sears and JC Penny’s and Goldblatt’s, and with a business model that attracted buyers looking for cheap items, over 500,000 small businesses in small town America had to close down because they could not compete with WalMart and many loyal and lifetime customers abandoned these community shops. The wealth of these 500,000 owners overnight was transferred to a family of 100. Those White American lost their jobs in these shops, and lost their jobs in over 500,000 industrial manufacturing plants that also closed — no different than the hundreds of thousands of steel mill workers who lost their jobs in the industrial Midwest, the one that won the war neglected and became the Rust Belt. As the wealth shifted from the owners of these small shops through the WalMart-effect, so did many of the factories in the South close down, then moving to China and Mexico — with no thanks to Congressional tax policies that gave the financial incentives to America’s big corporations to move their manufacturing operation overseas, thus depriving tens of millions of Americans out of a job and the dreams of retiring as Middle Class. _________ Election reflects Disappointment Abandoned by both Republicans and Democratic administrations, certainly, by a corrupt Congress, White America is showing its anger by rallying to the side of a man who represent everything but the very ideals that White Middle-Class America hold, hard work, family values, and love for the country. Donald Trump, notwithstanding his rhetoric, is no lover of America, seeking much deferment to avoid military service, born into privilege and wealth, most gained from morally questionable sources; a person who is the darling of Wall Street, having filed for bankruptcy and bailed out by Wall Street six times — Taj Mahal (1991), Trump Castle 1992, Trump Plaza and Casino 1992, Trump Hotels and Casino Resort 2004 and Trump Entertainment Resorts 2004. Wall Street always came to the rescue of a man who is presenting himself as a successful businessman, a Wall Street that failed to bail out tens of millions of American, but looted them, looted their assets and their pensions. Most of Mr. Trump’s business is casino business, fleecing the very poor by selling them dreams. Busloads of poor Whites and Blacks board the buses every day and every weekend, only to drop the little of what they have in Mr. Trump’s treasury. Anyone who believes this man will bail out America is a stupid fool. Of course, I can understand why White America is angry, and yes for good reasons, left behind in a changing economy, when America’s political and business leadership failed to anticipate the changing economies and never invested in “retraining” White America for the new jobs and new economies that while accepting high school education required a highly skilled labor force. It is too late, the game is over. One can also understand the anger at the “illegal immigrant” who is taking the White Man’s job, but if you look around, these immigrants, legal and illegal, work hard in homes and housing construction, cutting grass on highways, maintaining parks, picking up garbage, cleaning offices, doing all the hard work and accepting minimum wage, which requires them to work two jobs and to have 2 or 3 members of their families working to make ends meet. You hardly see a Latino loitering and without a job. Angry, yes and for good reasons, but do not be fooled that Donald Trump will make America great by his policies of building walls and have Mexico pay for it, or deporting over 5 million illegal immigrants causing America to come to a halt. Will White America that lost its status as Middle-Class role its sleeves and does the dirty work these “immigrants” do, from picking lettuce in farms to cleaning the streets, I doubt it. We are all mistaken that Donald Trump or Hilary Clinton has the magic wand to make America Great now or again. It is the Congress and only Congress that enabled the policies that deprived White America of its cherished Middle Class status, by allowing American corporation to set shops overseas giving them tax benefits, by never accepting the very idea of “investing” in people and the White labor force to train them and provide them with the skills for the new economies. I never understood why White America is against the government. I understand it is against this kind of government that we have, beholding to big money, big business and to the privileged few. But never understood why White America think that “libertarianism” is the right thing for America with the views that the less government, the people are better off? Well think about, without government investing in its people, in their education, in their health in their well-being, they will never be able to regain their Middle-Class status. If they think that Donald Trump will use his money to bail them they are more than stupid fools. What we need in America is not big or small government, we need responsible efficient government, corruption free, that gives us as much it takes from us, that while we contribute to the treasury it must also contribute to and save our social security and retirement and give us the security we need in our old age and as we become sick and fragile. Why Congress writes their own health policies and we had to fight for ours. Even the people in the need of real health care are opposed to public health, never understood such logic. After working so many years contributing to the treasury with most of our money ($ trillions) going to wars, I think that our government owes us something like a safety net. We worked for it, and we earned it. Think about it before you cast your vote for a lousy businessman who is selling White America “trash”, and he knows it. _____________ Related Posts: Should the military overthrow Trump? Trump’s “isolationism” vs. Deep State Today in Trumpland, Life on the other side of the mirror Vladimir Putin to Donald Trump: Did you get my beautiful letter? Trump Asks to Postpone Fraud Trial until after His Inauguration The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Sami Jamil Jadallah on September 5, 2016, With 5319 Reads Filed under Election 2016, Politics. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 42 Responses to "Trump Selling “White America” Trash" Nasir  September 14, 2016 at 9:50 am Sami, I really want to explore the immigration issue. Both parties are dishonest. Getting in the line is a red herring. I believe that immigrants, citizens, and people toiling away all over the globe are all being kept in slavery by the corporations. The government has just become an enforcing arm of the corporations which is allowed to take money from these same people to protect the looters. However, people will not look at this issues without going nuts at the use of the word “slave”, however the present state of a large majority of people are far worse off than slaves. People have come to believe that this euphemistic freedom, is actual freedom. The other day I was watching “Captain Philip” on TV with my family, I don’t know if it was true or not, however the message that took away was that our soldiers engaged at a very large scale to protect the insurance company! Of course we cheer for our armed forces doing such a good job, but no one calculates the amount of money which such an expedition will cost, to protect corporate trade, which has nothing to do with US. The ships was not transporting anything to the US, let alone something useful. In the end taxpayers foot the bill, the military endangers the lives of our young men and women–just to protect an insurance payout. I don’t think such actions should be acceptable to the public. Warm regards, Nasir Log in to Reply Nasir  September 11, 2016 at 11:25 am Sami, what about East European sex workers? You are a well traveled person, why majority of waitresses are from those countries and what skills do they bring? Thanks for your kind words, always great to read from you. Warm regards, Nasir Log in to Reply Sami Jamil Jadallah  September 11, 2016 at 1:13 pm Nasir, I am sure you know that most if not all of the white trafficking in prostitutions, especially from East Europe and the former Soviet Union, are run and operated by Israeli mafia., operating rings all over the world and they are found in nightclubs, casinos and whorehouses and of course enjoy the kind of protection that allows them to operate with impunity. No politicians especially those operating casinos talk about because of big income from such operation. They only look at the guy who is working 18 hours a day on a farm or washing dishes. Nasir  September 11, 2016 at 11:09 am Jim, how are you? Can you please give us more room to write. The word limit is too small: last few times, I just gave up after a few tries. This topic is important, so I kept at it. I am not sure people write long articles in the comments, and if they do nothing wrong with that, your readers get to enjoy a fuller and better treatment of an opinion. Keep doing the good work, Nasir Log in to Reply Nasir  September 11, 2016 at 11:05 am Sami, my cleaning lady was an attorney and a Mexican. Log in to Reply Sami Jamil Jadallah  September 11, 2016 at 11:08 am Nasir, I do not doubt you. I know of others from the Middle East, and South Asia and Afghanistan who are professionals like doctors or engineers who are working as taxi drivers. The lucky ones are in the Tech industry. Thanks, Nasir  September 11, 2016 at 11:03 am Contd… Wait a few more years and see every job taken over by those who are called illegal. You probably have notices that Asians have taken over most of the Tech Industry, the education, and the South and central Americans are no less human or no less hard working. Expect to have a Mexican boss. My condolences to the entitled ones, but there is no other way out: either shape up or become the new corporate slaves. Sincerely, Nasir Log in to Reply Nasir  September 11, 2016 at 10:59 am contd… 8. Black Americans, living in the hood are the unluckiest people. in the hood you can still hire people for 10 bucks a day for hard labor and a day is when the job is finished not 8 hours. 9. The truth is the people are worse off than slaves these days. The immigration laws have been designed to produce slaves. A slave owner has property, so they had to protect them by feeding them, clothing them, teaching them skills and providing them healthcare. Now a minimum wage (or below minimum wage) worker has to provide all of that for himself, while his slave owners–credit ridden under educated, suburbanites–who are most likely less educated or skillful work them to death without providing the benefits that they will to their dogs. 10. Let’s face it, America started as a slaver owning nation, it has innovated to stay a slave owning nation but with reduced responsibility, before people were owned and taken care off, now they are made to work for free in a less personal way, however the free labor is the constant factor. And no, one human who is less skilled or less educated is not entitled to services of the more skilled and more educated. It is a travesty when a Computer science graduate is driving a cab, or a lawyer is mowing your yard, or a doctor is cleaning your house. It is shameful and it will not stay that way, it cannot stay that way, it is unnatural. Human laws, especially deceitful ones, cannot trump the laws of nature. contd… Log in to Reply Nasir  September 11, 2016 at 10:44 am Sami, labor arbitrage can only exist for a limited time. The truth is that people who do not work hard/do not want to work hard are no longer competitive. You made factual errors: 1. Illegal immigrants, are not paid minimum wage. 2. Illegal immigrants are usually more educated than US populace. In 1980s my cleaning lady was an attorney from Mexico. If you bother to look, you will find a large number of legal and illegal immigrants employed below their qualification and expertise. 3. While NASA employs professional clappers for JPL, the people who actually work are not White American or what passes for American these days. 4. Look at your faculties (real faculties, hard sciences) you will be hard pressed to see a white member, if you see one, if will be a spousal hire or quota mandated. 5. It is absurd to want to be able to live the American Dream without being as intelligent and as hardworking as other humans in this world. 6. The immigration VISAs take something like 15 years to process–if one gets in Trumpian lines–therefore a sizeable majority of immigrant, bit the bullet and marry a local idiot for a while to obtain residence status. 7. In case of Trump, he is importing women of east European areas, through marriage. No that they were qualified, or deserving of O visas, H1B Visas. The reason for East European women getting work and immigration VISAs quickly can be witnessed in your local strip clubs. Log in to Reply Sami Jamil Jadallah  September 11, 2016 at 10:56 am Nasir, while no one question the fact that some of the illegal immigrants are well educated, mostly from South Asia ( India, and China) the majority of “illegal immigrants” are from Mexico and Central America. Who have been in this country for a long time, before the tech boom that allowed hundreds of thousands of well-educated “South Asians” into the country most of who are on a work visa. I think the case of your cleaning lady is an exception and not the rule. The fact remains the majority of illegal immigrants are from Mexico, Central and Latin America. Thank you for the information and feedback. LC  September 10, 2016 at 11:44 pm A song dedicated to Trumpster in YouTube:::: I Am NOT Black, You are NOT White. Log in to Reply Bartered  September 10, 2016 at 3:47 pm Al Capone was the purist form of capitalist and a modern day bussiness model. Just look at how Monsanto operates by hiring black water security agents to insure compliance. On the note of Trump its easy to admit he is selling white trash the America they dream of but that is too simplistic given the reason he made it to where he is. W eve been trained to envy success and pushed to emulate the means the achievers used to get where they are despite our better natures forbidding the concept of “crushing” the competition. He is America. He is not something for God fearing honest workers to be proud of. They always get the greatest burdens and least rewards. Log in to Reply wjabbe  September 7, 2016 at 2:07 am Here is a quote this morning from an article by Neil Munro in Breitbart on exactly what Sami is talking about here and this disgusting H1b visa program authorized by Congress: “Caterpillar is firing 300 American employees in Mossville, Illinois, even though it is continuing to recruit and pay foreign “H-1B” guest-workers to do the white-collar jobs sought by American professionals in the United States. Caterpillar’s combination of white-collars layoffs and H-1B outsourcing matches the much-criticized decision by Carrier, a company in next-door Indiana, to outsource 1,400 blue-collar factory jobs to Mexico.” About a year ago Disney did exactly the same thing. It is bad enough that these reprehensible companies are doing this but being encouraged by our reprehensible Congress and president only adds salt to the wound. These workers are the backbone of our country as the former ones were years ago. How else can this be interpreted other than a deliberate destruction of American in front of our very eyes by the worthless pieces of garbage elected to our worthless Congress.? Stop electing these lying lawyers. Put them out of work and out of their soft lifetime jobs for a change. Do not buy anything made by these traitorous companies. Log in to Reply wjabbe  September 7, 2016 at 2:16 am We need companies like this and a Congress and president like this like we need a hole in our heads. Money isn’t everything. Let’s end the worship of the almighty dollar while destroying the good families of America who work in the modern day slaughter houses like once and still operate in Chicago. Get a few books out by Upton Sinclair and discover how nothing ever really changes in America except more unemployed stupid workers who were sold out by greedy employers with money on their minds. This is a shameful disgrace. We learned nothing from history and the great depression did we? The more higher education Americans get, the dumber they become. Frankly they deserve their plight because the continue to elect liars and cheaters and thieves. The great Founders would say, “we gave you the tools, the ballot box, but you are too stupid to vote these jerks out of their soft jobs. What more could we have done for stupid people?” wjabbe  September 7, 2016 at 2:25 am Remember what Ross Perot said about 1992? “We need to clean out the barn in Washington, D.C. He was only able to muster about 20% of the vote and even he and his own family were also threated then by the corrupt powers for destroying the jobs of the American Workers. The barn in DC stinks to high heaven today like a rotting meat locker with a power failure. Doesn’t it sound so simple? The Founders gave all of us simple tools to put these worthless pieces of human garbage in Congress, all on the public dole, out of their jobs. But stupid Americans are too mentally impaired to accomplish this simple task.. Shame on them. Frankly they deserve their plight and you can be sure the lying lawyers in Congress and having a good laugh every day at these fools. captain obvious  September 7, 2016 at 4:21 am yes, Ross sure tried to warn us and they ran him off with threats. the situation now is the uninformed masses are going to drag the informed minority along for the big ride to hell. No one  September 6, 2016 at 8:04 pm Ya know, Sami – when I was a young girl, I asked my WWII father what he felt about draft dodgers and protesters. His reply: I DON’T BLAME THEM. THEY AREN’T FIGHTING THIS WAR TO WIN, SO I DON’T BLAME THEM. See, Sami – I DO love America, and I DID volunteer to serve during that war, but after witnessing those young men, many of them drafted, leaving for war, and their faces after their return, I have NEVER DISPARAGED ANY ONE who refused to be rounded up like a sheep to slaughter. My sons love this country, but they will not serve in a military that is not fighting to win. I’ve made a flying trip down to a Marine Corp recruiting station, shrieking like a banshee, to stop my oldest son from signing. I won’t stand for my sons becoming another alcoholic riddled with nightmares LIKE THEIR FATHER. That does not mean they are not willing or ready to fight for this country in the streets of their home town. I’ve worked with Iranian Engineers who came to this country to escape things like seeing their mother KICKED INTO A ROADSIDE DITCH after her face was exposed during a sand storm by a man passing by on a bicycle. I KNOW the stories of such immigrants who did, indeed, sincerely love this country and were GRATEFUL to no longer live in fear… I also know poorly disguised Taqiyya when I hear it as well. Trump 2016 Log in to Reply Victor King  September 7, 2016 at 2:54 pm How do you propose “fighting to win” and against which enemy? If you are referring to ISIS or Al-Qaeda. perhaps the best way to “fight to win” would be not to have our government covertly sponsor these groups in the first place. And your comment about “taqiyyah” reveals your ignorance. Taqiyyah is an obscure idea in some medieval Islamic texts that most Muslims have never heard of. It simply states that if your life is in danger, you don’t have to admit to being a Muslim. Most of us would have no problem with a Christian lying about being Christian when captured by a ISIS murderer, or a Jew lying about being Jewish when confronted with the Gestapo. In practice, taqiyyah has been historically only been used by minority Shia when oppressed by fanatical Sunnis and it was safer for them to say “I am Sunni, leave me alone.” A rare case of taqiyyah being practiced by Sunnis was in Spain during the Inquisition, where Moors would say they were Catholics to stay alive (hardly surprising). It appears that taqiyya in the minds of people like yourselves is a projection of your own tactic — lying about your own beliefs and motivations, presenting yourselves as patriots when in reality you are just angry bigots who wish to do to others what you do not wish others to do to you.. Sami Jamil Jadallah  September 7, 2016 at 3:29 pm Victor King, not so sure of my “ignorance” since I did not refer to “taqiyya” which I agree was used in ancient times to hide one’s faith or identity to escape prosecution. Both Muslims and Jews in Catholic Spain during and after the Inquisition to use such practice and for good reasons. As for the Al-Qaeda and ISIS, the US directly and indirectly played a key and significant role in setting up and funding and sponsoring such terrorists group and it goes all the back to the Reagan years when not only funded by supplied and trained the Mujahideen with the latest weapons including the Stinger missiles which we refused to give to the Saudis. To end terrorism, we must disengage from out constant wars against the region pro or con and stop funding and ask our allies in the region to do the same. These mercenaries did not come from Mars. All the best Victor. LC  September 6, 2016 at 7:39 pm Whore-Ticultural Revolution is what Donald is about. Trump wants to TRANCE-FORM America into his own family business. find out more by typing stuff like this in Google IMAGES:::: “TRUMP NUDES” & for some of his own real comic episodes YouTube:::: TRUMP SHIT George Carlin::::: Folks:::: This is all that America Deserves::::: Garbage In Garbage Out (GIGO)!!!!! Log in to Reply Jack Heart  September 6, 2016 at 5:53 pm Sami I agree with just about every paragraph you wrote here as Dylan would say they glow just like burning coal from right out of your keyboard but, and it’s not the obligatory but, I really wanted to like this piece simply because it is so good… But you sound like a multicultural shill when you talk about “illegal immigration.” Two words for anyone trying to push this worn out bull$@#$ about Americans not wanting to do the jobs that illegal immigrants do and that’s Operation Wetback, look it up and why you are at it why don’t you look up the little speech Eisenhower, who has no friend in me, made after he pulled it off to the NY Times and all the rest of the Presstitutes of his day who were even then in the rich man’s pocket. Eisenhower talked about them trying to turn this into a plantation economy which is exactly what they are doing now. All those Hispanic guys pushing lawn mowers out there and digging holes, those hard working people you are singing paeans too here. Your right they are working for 10$. In NY the prevailing wage for a landscaper is 39 dollars and hour, look that up too, I’m a contractor, been one all my life. Now extend that to the rest of the construction industry and all the rest of the jobs you say you used to be able to support a family on and maybe just maybe you will start to get it about what an open southern border has done to this country, starting with Blacks and Hispanics and Muslims like yourself who are here legally… Log in to Reply Jack Heart  September 6, 2016 at 5:59 pm If you ask me, having a moron like Donald Trump represent as his Trump issue the greatest real single security threat Americans face today was a masterful psy-op stroke by the those who seek Americas dissolution… Sami Jamil Jadallah  September 6, 2016 at 6:16 pm Jack, thanks, you are so right about the issue of “illegal immigrant: which I consider a national security issue, with social and legal and economic ramifications and I think it should be on the top of the agenda for the New Congress No country in the world no matter how generous or how liberal can accept the 5 or millions illegal immigrant. However too bad the Congress does not take this issue seriously enough that it mandate a commission to come up with the solutions and implementation. Congress is too far polarized to even think straight. We need level headed people that over a period of 3 years take care of this issue. Of course, as you know, many of these “illegal immigrants” are “plantation” workers working for people that make money out of them and most likely do not pay taxes. I think you and I agree on the need to solve this issue. As a country with failing infrastructure, we need to “retool” all those guys who worked in the steel mills and manufacturing job to take care of and fix our falling apart infrastructure. Many thanks, Frank, appreciate your advice. Jack Heart  September 6, 2016 at 7:35 pm Beautiful said Sami and thank you for this, America needs a hero not a zero and Chump happens to be a hand picked zero… David Vaughn  September 6, 2016 at 1:47 pm The free trade agreements are why manufacturing jobs fled the USA, not trickle down economics. In 1992 38% of all US jobs were in manufacturing, now we are under 5% Ross Perot was right. Log in to Reply Sami Jamil Jadallah  September 6, 2016 at 2:11 pm Free trade existed since the days of Teddy Roosevelt and continued the US continued to add more trade partners, however, it was during the Reagan years that the economies began to shift with more corporation moving out and setting up shops overseas, accelerating at during Clinton and Bush administration. More than 500,000 manufacturing operations closed down and more than 5 million lost their jobs mostly White Americans with high school education with the middle-class lifestyle. Any candidates who promised he/she will bring back these jobs are simply big time liars. matthewmccauley  September 6, 2016 at 3:30 pm Gvt need to give back some of what they take to help us out? Why in the hell would they do that? What if we stop paying into it instead? Why do I even need a job, when the earth is a magic ball that makes food, materials, and sexy women, given a little work and access to water and people’s natural desire to work and trade? We are all fools. Public Banking Institute. Dot org. The Public Bank Solution (book). This is a good article but it dances in the middle of the debate. The end of the debate is to stop giving our energy/money away to weasels who can appear to make sense to the ill informed, AND THE COPS AND MILITARY WHO DO THEIR BIDDING. BRICS is detouring around the vampire banking weasel pig ™, and being slandered for it. China, Germany, and North Dakota all use some version of public banking. We are wealthy beyond imagination. wjabbe  September 6, 2016 at 12:21 pm Today in America there are basically three types of workers: Highly skilled “trades” workers, highly skilled college graduates and other usually the “lower end” common labor doing the worst jobs for the lowest pay. The way all this evolved is very unfortunate. No employer or businessman want idiots on the job because they can cause mayhem and money and liability for horrible claims which the owners must pay. Especially today think of the difficult job it is to trouble shoot almost anything because of the complex computers on board. Almost everything has computers today. One false move and some part or the whole system is destroyed. It is very unfortunate we did not develop a parallel system leading to respect of any and all workers high or low skilled, college or no college but with intelligence and hard work the leveling field instead of the military type pecking order system where an engineer can be overruled by a political hack in the front office and cause lives to be placed at risk or lost. This is what happened in the Challenger disaster where Roger Boisjoly pleaded with them not to launch but was overruled anyway due to politics. Frankly Reagan should have been jailed for negligence but he was so sorry it all happened. Many years later this top mechanical engineer with a conscience cried when he related this horror story because he knew the crew was being sent to their deaths but he was powerless to stop it. Log in to Reply Sami Jamil Jadallah  September 6, 2016 at 12:42 pm Wjabbe… you are so correct. Reagan Administration put the last nail in the coffin of “White Middle-Class America” when he sold them ‘snake charm, making them feel good while they were losing their jobs left and right without any efforts to retrain or put in place transition teams to new economies. As such many of those White Americans with high school education were out of jobs in the steel mills and manufacturing job with nowhere to go and no jobs to get to keep them in the honorable lifestyle of dignity they are used to. America never invested in its labor force, never bothered to work corporation to put in place mandatory retooling plans for its laid-off workers. Yes, we did commit major sin toward all these people who worked so hard in difficult jobs and left them on their own. It is ironic that the same people left behind by the government are now who are seeking and supporting less government. Ironic and it makes no sense at all. zman  September 6, 2016 at 10:46 am Thank you for a very adept article. Yes, we are continually baited with the old ‘make America great again’ line, whether enunciated specifically or not. Ever since Reagans PR presidency template which in reality was the death knell for our country, we’ve gone continually in the wrong direction…Caring for citizens is bad, bigger corporate profits are good. Unions, environmentalists, safe food and medicine, decent incomes and employment security became the enemies of our society, while corporate profits, off shoring, economic pacts, over grown military and perpetual war became the mantras. Hasn’t quite worked out for the average joe, but Wall & K street have done very well. A great start would be cutting the military in half and investing in us, but that would take a miracle these days of perpetual war and foreign control. Bernie had the right ideas, but apparently no guts to stick to his guns even after finding how badly he (and we) were screwed. Then again, he probably was made an offer he couldn’t refuse…which I imagine any real person would be. What it would take to change directions today is scary. Log in to Reply Sami Jamil Jadallah  September 6, 2016 at 9:22 am Nullnvoid, thank your for your feedback. I assure I am not a White Trash Pimp selling bad products. You did not read any of my articles, about the blight of Black America. Yes, before I put the blame on others I put the blame on Black American themselves, on their leadership on their churches on thier own schools. They never rose up to the responsibilty for their own community, blaming others will not do. Why the Koreans and Asians, and Vietnamese even Latino were able to rise up politically and economically because of a community dedicated to education, to family values, to social cohesions to hard work. The Black leadership failed the Blacks in America, you only see them at funerals and at demonstration but you do not see them cleaning the neightorhoods from drugs and guns that send most of Blacks to jail. Of course the deck is stacked against them, but the Black community has to take charge and they never did. I should know, I grew up in Gary, Indiana. Black politicians are bought and sold on the Republican and Democratic stock market. Chicago and Detroit are but too examples. We can fault the Nation of Islam but they sure proved White America wrong with their hard work and social values. If you think Donald Trump or Hilary will deliver Blacks you are a fool. Log in to Reply Nephre  September 6, 2016 at 9:01 am Yes, nice article. One that jibes with our experience here in Pittsburgh. Instead of writing more on other things, I would like it if Sami would continue on the thread – filling in the details. This history is rapidly being swept away – well under the cover of NWO darkness. There are many theme within: betrayal, corruption, and the constant shell game that has removed any reality from the promises of political candidates and which has made fools of the public (to their own special disgrace – the ignorant, gullible, unschooled individuals who still believe there is a vote). Log in to Reply Sami Jamil Jadallah  September 6, 2016 at 9:10 am Salam and thank you Nephre. Will do this subject is close to my heart and shaped my social and political philosophy. Be sure I will tell it like it is just like it happened corruption, sleazy politicians corporate greed, neglection of the very people who made America great, who rebuild it after the Depression and who turned its factories from producing guns and tanks to producing cars, Middle Class America that made this nation with its hard work, not the politicians nor Wall Street, you bet, will do it. The memory of living in Gary and working in Inland Steel is alive in me every day. Thank you Sami Jamil Jadallah  September 6, 2016 at 7:26 am Salam and thank you Gmansaid. Yes, I am a legal immigrant, who earned his citizenship after I completed my military service in the US Army ( 66-68). America is totally mistaken if its president has all the solution. Congress, which has the power over money, budget, formulate the tax and federal criminal laws is where the problem lies. And we keep sending these people, back again and again. But for tax codes no American corporation would move its operation overseas leaving millions without jobs,. but for lack of criminal codes, all those crooks on Wall Street who fleeced the American treasury and drove millions of American to poverty forcing them to foreclosure and losing their pension, yet no one went to jail. Do you know that Wall Street paid $100 Billion, ( Yes, $100 billion) in legal fees tax deductible to fight the very same people it cheated. If we are to have a revolution and we must, it must start with Congress. Log in to Reply Leno  September 6, 2016 at 7:21 am Where are all the Hillary stories hiding. The coughing, hole in tongue, the stools, falling down, prism glasses, fainting, blood clots & thinners, thyroid, can’t climb stairs, no press conferences in almost a year, catheter or defib under clothes. What did I miss. Log in to Reply Sami Jamil Jadallah  September 6, 2016 at 7:30 am Leno. thanks yes, Hilary and Congress are next promised. Sami Jamil Jadallah  September 6, 2016 at 8:28 am Steve, wait and see, Hilary and Congress are next, don’t worry. Sami Jamil Jadallah  September 6, 2016 at 5:46 am Amen to all of that. Yes, we let is happens and we keep sending the same people back to Congress and the Senate year in and year out, everyone against Washington, yet all of them want to be part of Washington. True, Americans became lazy and stupid watching reality shows and stupid comedies, getting fat in the belly and head, with rock stars and porn stars are the ideal not the teachers, the firemen, the scientists. Amen to all what you say. Log in to Reply captain obvious  September 6, 2016 at 2:43 am yes neither can do, both BAD jokes. right after NAFTA-GATT was rammed through with corporate welfare grants going to “her majesty’s company nicknames” so they could move to China at our expense (national deficit!), hillary became member of the board of directors of Walmart you mention, that expanded to bankrupt all smaller retailers, selling Chinese goods. millions of related jobs disappeared, while Walmart had “dead peasant” insurance policies on their elderly “Walmart greeters” for instant money to build a new store with! I’m no trump fan but DO believe hillary has done much more to profit from economic sabotage than trump. just because she’s able to avoid -most- prosecution doesn’t make her a legit candidate! Log in to Reply Sami Jamil Jadallah  September 6, 2016 at 5:11 am Captain obvious. salam, always appreciated your insightful comments and feedback. I was and am a Sanders” supporter and not advocating Hilary. I want to point out the lack of the rational behind Trump’s support by a majority of Whites when in fact, he will never give them back what they used to have. It is all lies and trash, and you know it. Thank you, captain obvious  September 6, 2016 at 12:48 pm I didnt trust Ron Paul as a candidate but he did make some VERY valid points. I think Bernie would have been TONS better than “criminal A” or “criminal B” that we have now been abandoned to. IMHO we need a Cynthia McKinney type person at the helm. She did a lot of good for her district before the gerrymandering and demonizations to get rid of her, especially after she gave rumsfeld the smackdown treatment! Caesar Lion Cachet  September 6, 2016 at 1:03 am LS… Thank you for this clear and crisp article Log in to Reply You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT Latest Top 10 Comments Syrian War Report – November 18, 2016: Govt Forces Storming Eastern Aleppo Russian spokeswoman says Jews behind Trump win NEO – Will US Hit the Reset Button with Russia? Should the military overthrow Trump? Armenian President: Russia’s Iskander missile systems in Armenia to maintain balance in region Trump Election Spurs Hate Crime Wave with 400 Racist Incidents FF2P – False Flags 2 Protect American interests in the Mideast replaces R2P? Trump’s “isolationism” vs. Deep State Possible Scenarios of the Conflict in Syria Meet the Jews in Donald Trump’s inner circle Today in Trumpland, Life on the other side of the mirror Russian Pantsir-S air defense systems go to Kuweires airbase near Aleppo City Judge orders CIA, FBI & NSA to disclose whether they spied on Occupy Philadelphia protests – report Russia’s Economy Minister detained for corruption Never Lose HOPE in Dealing with your Fears and Anxieties Professor Stephen Cohen: The Zionist media gets it completely wrong about Russia and Vladimir Putin Syrian War Report – November 16, 2016: Russia Launch Air Raids and Missile Strikes on Terrorists Netanyahu: Trump is ‘a true friend’ of Israel A Nation of Utter and Complete Morons Actually Believes Black-Box “Election Results” Exclusive: The US is up for uneasy times Australian 60 Minutes exposed the Worldwide Satanic Pedophile Network (101489) Yes, the election WAS stolen – so who “sent” Trump? (16570) Time to take down the flag as most Americans surrender to a foreign backed coup (16134) Breaking/Exclusive: The New 9/11, Information In, Israel Rigs an Election (updating) (13297) Qatari princess having sex with seven men (10816) Disclosure: Hillary Campaign Knew Trump Aided by Intel Agencies (9505) Will the Powers That Be assassinate Donald Trump? (8390) Confirmation: British Pegida leader is an Israeli op (8314) Obama, Clinton, helpless at Russian election grab (7411) Meet the Jews in Donald Trump’s inner circle (7064) JohnZ: Should the military overthrow Trump? JohnZ: NEO – Will US Hit the Reset Button with Russia? Ariana: SouthFront: Turkey Seizing More Syrian Territory while Russian Fleet Readies for Attack methuselah: FF2P – False Flags 2 Protect American interests in the Mideast replaces R2P? a1abhi: NATO expansion into Eastern Europe underway Khalid Talaat: Should the military overthrow Trump? Khalid Talaat: Should the military overthrow Trump? Khalid Talaat: Should the military overthrow Trump? roger: Possible Scenarios of the Conflict in Syria Sababu Sanyika: Should the military overthrow Trump? VT Readers Poll Should USA break up into (2) separate countries, one Whites Only and other Everyone Else? Yes No Not Sure View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Featured Columnists Allen L Roland, PhD Bob Nichols Brig Asif H. Raja David Swanson Dr. Ashraf Ezzat Ed Mattson Gilad Atzmon Gordon Duff, Seni.. Ian Greenhalgh Jack Heart Jack Speer-Williams Jane Rosenstein Jim W. Dean, Mana.. Johnny Punish Jonas E. Alexis Kadir A. Mohmand Katherine Frisk Kevin Barrett Michael Shrimpton Muhammed Ali Carter Paul Fitzgerald Press TV Preston James, Ph.D Richard Edmondson Sami Jamil Jadallah South Front Stuart Littlewood World News Tommor.. Personal Finance View all Google and Facebook Take Aim at Fake-News Sites Google and Facebook Take Aim at Fake-News Sites Financial Conversations You Should Have During the Holidays It’s All Bullish in the End as Stocks Post Best Week Since 2014 We Should Take Our Cues From the Market — Not Politicians In personal finance, there’s a gender divide National News View all The Case For Trey Gowdy As US Attorney General The Case For Trey Gowdy As US Attorney General Memo to Hillary Supporters: Trump Won, Stop Whining and Grow Up Dispatches from Wolf Country–Trump Whorehouses and Saunas Under Donald Trump, Harsh Critic of V.A. May Become Its Leader The VA Must Do Right by Trans Veterans VA Home Loans View all Mortgage Rates Rise to Near Pre-Brexit Levels Mortgage Rates Rise to Near Pre-Brexit Levels How Can A Little Strategy Help You Win Big Eight Reasons to Invest in the Forex Market 7 guidelines on how to finance small business Veteran Affairs Renews Contract with Black Knight Career News View all Aircraft Service International Group Joins HireVeterans.com! Aircraft Service International Group Joins HireVeterans.com! Utica College Joins HireVeterans.com! How Riverside County reached ‘functional zero’ veteran homelessness Service and Sacrifice: Former State Legislator Leads Program to help Maine Veterans 9 High-Rated Companies Hiring Veterans Now Network News View all Expose Journalists Elizabeth Gould and Paul Fitzgerald Join VT Expose Journalists Elizabeth Gould and Paul Fitzgerald Join VT VOTE: Message from VT General Manager John Allen James Hall – Former Political Operative Joins VNN Sherwood Ross: Award-Winning Reporter Joins Veterans Today Writers Staff Rag Radio host Thorne Dreyer Joins VT Radio VT LIVE Radio TV Video Media   Listen Live TCK Radio: Dr. Tenpenny “Global Forced Vaccines; Conspiracy Or Reality? WTF: Taking A Dump For Trump! TCK Radio: Patrick Wood “Technocracy Rising: It’s a GREEN World” Short End Of The Stick with Mike Harris: Dr. Preston James is the guest Short End Of The Stick with Mike Harris: John Denugent and Kevin Barrett TCK Radio: Josh Tolley “Post Election Prognosis, Putin & Preparedness” TOP 50 READ ARTICLES THIS MONTH Australian 60 Minutes exposed the Worldwide Satanic Pedophile Network Breaking/Exclusive: Comey Lied: FBI “Synced” Weiner Laptop Under Misused Terror Warrant – Updated “Lock Him Up” Trump Faces Possible Jail for Insurance Fraud Breaking/Exclusive: The New 9/11, Information In, Israel Rigs an Election (updating) The City of London’s ReColonization of America The Hidden History of the Incredibly Evil Khazarian Mafia (Updated) Rodrigo Duterte: I am officially through with the New World Order BREAKING: Comey Admits to Fabricating Email Investigation, Rigging Election in FBI Secret Memo Qatari princess having sex with seven men Yes, the election WAS stolen – so who “sent” Trump? VT Exclusive: Largest Pedophile Ring in History, 70,000 Members, Heads of State, the Rats Scramble Time to take down the flag as most Americans surrender to a foreign backed coup Why the Red Poppy Holds Valuable Symbolism for War Veterans We “conspiracy theorists” won – so why aren’t I celebrating? Wikileaks Tracked to Haifa, Trump’s Real Campaign Headquarters and more, much more Israel makes ‘Hail Mary’ move to influence US election – FBI commit treason? Vladimir Putin Is Morally and Intellectually Destroying the New World Order LUCIFER in the Temple of the Dog II Top 10 reasons to be a holocaust denier New World Order, Weiner and Revelation Trump is the Anti-Obama, Just Like Obama Was the Anti-Bush (But It’s All a Con Game) Disclosure: Beyond the Burning the FBI, VT Breaks New Ground(part IV) FBI “Insurrection” to Scuttle Director, Rig Election LUCIFER in the Temple of the Dog I Tying it together, Wikileaks, the FBI and the Mob Part V Disclosure: Hillary Campaign Knew Trump Aided by Intel Agencies 1933: Trump Elected Chancellor Russia petrifies the New World Order and its agents—again Rape and Sex in German Cities After World War II Revisited (Part II) FBI “Insurrection” to Scuttle Director, Rig Election: part 2 Will the Powers That Be assassinate Donald Trump? Admiral Kuznetsov Carrier Group Saved Syria From US Cruise Missile Strikes Confirmation: British Pegida leader is an Israeli op Press TV: Duff Buries the Trump/ISIS Lie Machine Loser of the Day: Porn Star Turns Down $10k Trump Offer Vladimir Putin to George Soros: Thank God we kicked you out of Russia Looks like Hillary will be Trumped Obama, Clinton, helpless at Russian election grab Power, Pedophilia and the US Government The Fall of the Saudis, the Battle after ISIS Assad: New World Order agents (like John Kerry) have no political or intellectual teeth Meet the Jews in Donald Trump’s inner circle Russia wins the Syrian war; New World Order agents are becoming obsolete American Nightmare: Tyranny Under the FBI, an American Reality (Part III) October Boomerang COINTELPRO II: The FBI Informant Army and Donald Trump VI (updated) The New World Order is melting in the heat of its own contradiction On Trump and the Jews ISIS Takes Out M1A Abrams Tank with American TOW Missile (video) “Wikileaks is the Mossad, Stupid, Not the Russians, We are playing them like a fiddle…” Assange (sort of) Facebook Friend Us Twitter Follow Us Google+ Circle Us RSS Site Feed About Us Veterans Today (VT) is an independent online journal representing the positions and providing news for members of the military and veteran community in areas of national security, geopolitical stability and domestic policy. All writers are fully independent and represent their own point of view and not necessarily the point of view of any other writer, administrator or entity. Quick Links VT Live Radio & Video Download Apps Email Newsletter Advertise Contact Us Help Desk Search Archives Search Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 Search Veterans Today Network VETERANS TODAY NETWORK: National News | Foreign Affairs | Net Radio | Veterans Jobs | Career News | VA Home Loans | Money | Forums | Veteran Owned Businesses (VOSB) | Partners: USS Liberty | Rense.com | Log in  - Powered By Veterans Today Network
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Friday, November 18, 2016 10:37 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 26°C, Haze MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Laptops and cool tops: a strong year for US back-to-school shopping Tuesday September 6, 2016 01:23 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Arts festival looks at what goes into a plate of food Street protests against Islamic law, Jakim tells Muslims Astronauts back on earth after China’s longest-ever mission With Trump win, China looks to seize Asia free trade leadership Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article A woman shops for back to school supplies at a Walmart store in San Diego, California, US August 6, 2015. — Reuters picNEW YORK, Sept 6 — Along with the perennial run on leggings, students returning to America's classrooms this year are making a beeline for retro sneakers, “cold-shoulder” tops, versatile laptops and USB drives. Demand for those hot-ticket items is helping to push back-to-school spending to its fastest growth in four years, a boon for retailers in their second most important season. Outdone only by the post-Thanksgiving holiday bonanza, back-to-school shopping for clothing, shoes, electronics and backpacks spans most of the third quarter, from July to September, and is a key driver in the sector's sales and profits. But while demand is on the rise, retailers still need to work hard to get shoppers in the door with coupons and promotions like special shopping days.  An increasing share of parents are Millennials, adept at using technology to find the best deals. Good weather is playing its part too by coaxing shoppers to malls and department stores such as J.C. Penney and Macy's, which have endured tough competition from online giant Amazon Inc. Total back-to-school sales rose 2 per cent in July, compared with 1 per cent growth in 2015 and 2014 and a 0.2 per cent rise in 2013, according to payments technology company First Data. Spending for back-to-school and college is expected to reach US$75.8 billion (RM309.33 billion) this year, up from last year's US$68 billion, according to retail association National Retail Federation's annual survey. “They (younger shoppers) are getting mom to buy more for them, because they are agreeing to shop at these less expensive lower priced retailers,” NPD Group analyst Marshal Cohen said. In July, electronics and appliance sales rose 5.5 per cent, the biggest increase in four years, according to First Data.  Items ranging from tablet computers to USB drives are all doing well, especially when carrying special offers. Always appreciating a bargain  Sales of laptops that can double up as tablets like Dell's Inspiron 2-in-1, have been helped by this trend, said Petter Knutrud, spokesman for Office Depot.  He added that schools were asking students to save their work on USB drives, which had boosted demand for the small devices. Electronics retailer Best Buy has tempted students with special coupons for everything from laptops and headphones to college dorm-friendly items like compact refrigerators and microwaves. J.C. Penney is also using promotions to boost back-to-school sales of apparel, which in turn helped July comparable sales.  Its 'Penney Day' promotions, which offer back-to-school staple items such as fashion leggings or tee shirts at a discount every Saturday during the season, are helping drive sales, company spokeswoman Sarah Holland said. Sales of apparel and accessories have been helped by new trends such as retro sneakers like Stan Smith models from Adidas and shirts for women with cut-out shoulders known as "cold-shoulder" tops. Good weather so far in the season has also benefited clothing sales at retailers such as Gap Inc's Old Navy chain or Urban Outfitters. While more jobs and rising stock markets are boosting consumer wealth, customers are still putting value over brand name. Wage gains for middle-income consumers remain insufficient to encourage discretionary spending, some analysts caution. Lower-priced stores like Old Navy, off-price retailer TJ Maxx and Kohl's are 2016's top back-to-school shopping destinations, RBC Capital Markets analyst Brian Tunick wrote in a note. “Income rises faster than frugality changes,” NPD's Cohen said, suggesting that bargain-hunting is hard to give up even in the best of times. — Reuters                 MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Foreign banks shaken by Malaysia's move to halt currency slide Fintech association anticipates regional investments With Trump win, China looks to seize Asia free trade leadership Bank Negara Malaysia says it is intervening in currency market European stocks falter, euro hits 12-month dollar low Foreign banks shaken by Malaysia's move to halt currency slide Bank Negara instructs foreign banks to refrain from offshore ringgit trading, sources claim Malaysia Airlines mulling purchase of 25 widebody jets next year Ex-Valeant executive, ex-pharmacy CEO charged for fraud scheme Bank Negara Malaysia says it is intervening in currency market Most Watched Now Week Neil Patrick Harris stars as Count Olaf in trailer for ‘A Series of Unfortunate Events’ Bloomberg Video: Resurrecting Jaguar’s legendary XKSS supercar Jessica Chastain in ‘The Zookeeper’s Wife’ Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Did you know: The ocean is way deeper than you think Reuters Video: Thailand sinks boats to tackle illegal fishing Related Articles US native groups promised input as pipeline dispute looms Takei responds to Trump surrogate’s internment camp comments Japan PM confident in Trump’s diplomacy debut ‘I Wrote That Sh-t’ series puts songwriters for Katy Perry and more US intelligence chief James Clapper resigns Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
up next: now reading: Main Street Shopping and the Internet AP Photo/Ted S. Warren, File Main Street Shopping and the Internet By Froma Harrop September 06, 2016 AP Photo/Ted S. Warren, File X Story Stream recent articles Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Entry: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Wal-Mart is seeing the future, and the future isn't more shoppers driving through stop-and-go traffic to big boxes at the edge of town. It's online shopping. The giant retailer plans to plunk down a princely $3.3 billion for Jet.com, an e-commerce company. Using the same crystal ball, Macy's says it will close at least 100 stores, many in malls that have seen better days. Where does retailing in our city centers and on our Main Streets fit into this story? The answers are not simple. In the beginning, Americans went downtown to buy everything from hammers to sweaters to footballs. When much of the middle class departed for the suburbs, the retailers followed them. The new shopping venues were big-chain discounters and giant malls. This mass transfer drained the life out of downtown retailing, leaving sad, empty storefronts on architecturally splendid streets. Nowadays, "the Darwinian thing is going on in suburban retailing that was happening downtown," Mark Cohen, retailing expert at Columbia Business School, tells me. Amazon.com is the undisputed king of that jungle. Its online mega-store sells 550 million products. Every year, it takes a bigger bite out of bricks-and-mortar store sales. Another weight on suburban retailing is a ludicrous overbuilding of retail space. "The developers never saw a highway and exit ramp that they didn't want to build a mall on," Cohen quipped. So what happens next? Many of the fringe developments further down the highway without full tenancy are going to be history, according to retail analysts. Some big boxes, such as Home Depot and Lowe's, may do OK. Others will not. On to our downtowns. Whether hopping with activity, on the mend or still ailing, they remain the center for much of our civic life. Downtown is where one finds city or town hall, a main post office, a good library and transportation hubs. The stores are key players in the experience. Will online shopping hurt Main Street retailing the way it has plagued suburban stores? That all depends on the downtown. Where there is gentrification -- wealthier people moving to urban neighborhoods -- there is, of course, retail opportunity. Another advantage for city and town shopping districts is foot traffic, people walking by storefronts. Take me. I'm one of Amazon Prime's valued customers. I click away for moth traps and patio lights and color printers that get delivered to my doorstep. I know exactly what a Lego Elves toy is and would not sacrifice a half-hour driving for something I can order online in five minutes. But shopping does remain a part of the entertainment mix. On Saturday afternoons, folks hang out in nearby shopping districts. The stores there display clothes and housewares more interesting than the commodities at the discounters'. And being seduced by an artful display window could be a byproduct of meeting someone two doors down for coffee. Many of the most successful retail districts are those that attract tourists, particularly foreign ones. Visiting Asians, Russians and South Americans are known to stuff empty suitcases with stuff bought here. The concern right now is the higher American dollar -- plus the threat of another travel-related terrorist attack. The good news for physical retailers everywhere, Cohen says, is that the internet isn't likely to take it all. About 15 percent of current retail sales, online shopping could possibly go as high as 40 percent, but that would still leave at least 60 percent. And so the dreamscape of a bustling Main Street persists. Every now and then, one comes across a surviving family-run sporting goods or shoe store -- and salutes. It would be awfully nice to see more of them. COPYRIGHT 2016 CREATORS.COM fharrop@gmail.com Related Topics: U.s. Economy, Walmart, Amazon Comment Show commentsHide Comments RCP Log In | Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. ©2016 RealClearPolitics | Go to full site
Home Watch Live Video Headlines What’s on NBC Hollywood Today Live News Western Mass. I-Team Crime Massachusetts Boston Statehouse Decision 2016 I-91 Reconstruction inFocus Sex Offenders World News Entertainment Hollywood Today Sports News Health News Weather Today’s Forecast 7 Day Forecast Closings & Delays Flight Tracker Interactive Radar Jr Weather Academy Satellite Sat Rad Severe Weather Snowfall Forecast Temperatures Weather Alerts Weather App Weather News Weather Photos Webcams The CW Shows Videos Text Alerts CW Photo Galleries Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Shows on Social Media Report It Photo Galleries Report It! Community Stop the Swerve Working for a Better Tomorrow A Look at the Movies Live Traffic Map Pump Prices Lottery Obituaries Mass Appeal Watch Live Contact Us Taste Appeal Family Appeal Relationship Appeal Community Appeal Gardening Appeal Leisure Appeal Personal Appeal Parent Appeal DIY Appeal Home Appeal Pet Appeal Fashion Appeal Fitness Appeal Health Appeal More About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Jobs at WWLP Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Alerts WWLP-22News Team News in Review TV Schedule 46° F Clear Hi: 62° F Lo: 30° F Today’s Forecast Radar/Satellite 22News Apps Menu Skip to content   Home Watch Live Video Headlines What’s on NBC Hollywood Today Live News News Western Mass. I-Team Crime Massachusetts Boston Statehouse Decision 2016 I-91 Reconstruction inFocus Sex Offenders World News Entertainment Hollywood Today Sports News Health News Featured: Casino News Marijuana News Mass Pike Tolls Springfield off-duty police beating Syrian Refugees Toys for Tots at 22News Latest Headlines Train derails in Netherlands, causing injuries but no deaths Updated: 3 mins ago THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP) — A train derailed Friday in the northern Netherlands after colliding with a milk truck, injuring several passen… Dad of rescued family won’t take ‘church rig’ next time Updated: 3 mins ago SEATTLE (AP) — Next time Jason McAlister takes his wife and kids for a drive in the rugged country at the base of Washington’s Olympic Penin… Police respond to ’emergency situation’ at Boston University Updated: 3 mins ago Poland’s former president to be reburied following autopsy Updated: 23 mins ago Putin says Russia works to develop new weapons Updated: 23 mins ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7 Day Forecast Closings & Delays Flight Tracker Interactive Radar Jr Weather Academy Satellite Sat Rad Severe Weather Snowfall Forecast Temperatures Weather Alerts Weather App Weather News Weather Photos Webcams Current Conditions 46° F Clear Feels Like: 42° F Wind: N 8 Humidity: 68% Dewpoint: 36° F Sunrise: 6:45 AM Sunset: 4:26 PM 7 Day Forecast Live Radar     Video Webcast Almanac Sponsored by: The CW The CW Shows Videos Text Alerts CW Photo Galleries Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Shows on Social Media Featured: Season Finale Season Premiere Series Premiere Latest Headlines Healey angry over Baker’s response to Bannon appointment November 17, 2016 Governor Baker says there is “too much prejudging going on here.” Preview Arrow: Vigilante November 16, 2016 Dolph Lundgren guest stars in a new episode of Arrow, Wednesday at 8PM. The Flash – Killer Frost Trailer November 16, 2016 Premiere and finale dates announce for CW shows in 2017 November 16, 2016 Arrow – Vigilante Scene November 16, 2016 Report It Photo Galleries Report It! Community Stop the Swerve Working for a Better Tomorrow A Look at the Movies Live Traffic Map Pump Prices Lottery Obituaries Mass Appeal Mass Appeal Watch Live Contact Us Taste Appeal Family Appeal Relationship Appeal Community Appeal Gardening Appeal Leisure Appeal Personal Appeal Parent Appeal DIY Appeal Home Appeal Pet Appeal Fashion Appeal Fitness Appeal Health Appeal Featured: Caregiver Series Herbs A-Z NBC Shows Pet of the Week Latest Headlines 3 Middle School Parenting Tips November 17, 2016 Middle school years are a difficult time for both child and parent. Holidays for the hearing impaired November 17, 2016 The holidays can be a tough time for many, especially for the hearing impaired, who have to struggle to make the most of family time. Help out the Zoo in Forest Park November 17, 2016 DIY Thanksgiving dog treats! November 17, 2016 Achieve your dream bathroom with H&R Homes November 17, 2016 More About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Jobs at WWLP Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Alerts WWLP-22News Team News in Review TV Schedule Search for: Search the site 46° F Clear Hi: 62° F Lo: 30° F Quincy man arrested for allegedly shoplifting in Ware Mettig was allegedly driving erratically down Palmer Road By Joel Martinez Published: September 5, 2016, 11:07 pm Updated: September 5, 2016, 11:38 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Derrick Mettig, arrested for shoplifting in Ware, Mass. September 2, 2016 (Image Courtesy: Ware Police Department) WARE, Mass. (WWLP) – Ware Police arrested a man from Quincy after he was allegedly caught walking out of a Walmart with stolen items. According to the Ware Police Facebook page, around 7:50 p.m. on September 2nd, officers received a call about a person driving a grey Nissan Altima erratically down Palmer Road, and turned into the Walmart parking lot. When the officers arrived, police said they found the driver of the Nissan, 41-year-old Derrick Mettig, as he was walking out the Walmart. Police later found out that Mettig had allegedly stolen several items from Walmart. Mettig was arrested and charged with Shoplifting $100+ by Asportation. Click Here if you’re unable to view the map above Share this: Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Suspect used a stolen credit at the Walmart in Springfield Ludlow woman arrested on multiple car theft charges; 2 men also arrested Orange murder suspects allegedly committed several crimes within week Cop nearly hit by car in arrest attempt Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on WWLP.com Map: Springfield, Mass. Homicides View the complete list » Current Conditions change location Chicopee n/a F n/a Wind n/a Dewpoint n/a Humidity 0.00" Barometer 6:46 am Sunrise 4:25 pm Sunset change location Greenfield 44° F 10 N Wind 38° Dewpoint 79% Humidity 30.12" Barometer 6:45 am Sunrise 4:23 pm Sunset change location Holyoke 46° F 8 N Wind 36° Dewpoint 68% Humidity 30.10" Barometer 6:45 am Sunrise 4:25 pm Sunset change location MGM Springfield Casino 46° F 8 N Wind 36° Dewpoint 68% Humidity 30.10" Barometer 6:45 am Sunrise 4:25 pm Sunset change location Northampton 45° F 3 N Wind 39° Dewpoint 81% Humidity 30.11" Barometer 6:46 am Sunrise 4:25 pm Sunset change location Pittsfield 39° F 4 E Wind 35° Dewpoint 86% Humidity 30.12" Barometer 6:49 am Sunrise 4:27 pm Sunset change location Springfield 46° F 8 N Wind 36° Dewpoint 68% Humidity 30.10" Barometer 6:45 am Sunrise 4:25 pm Sunset change location Westfield 43° F 0 N Wind 37° Dewpoint 80% Humidity 30.12" Barometer 6:46 am Sunrise 4:26 pm Sunset change location Westover AFB 46° F 8 N Wind 36° Dewpoint 68% Humidity 30.10" Barometer 6:45 am Sunrise 4:25 pm Sunset Chicopee n/a Greenfield 44° Holyoke 46° MGM Springfield Casino 46° Northampton 45° Pittsfield 39° Springfield 46° Westfield 43° Westover AFB 46° Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WWLP-22News © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather I-Team Crime inFocus Mass Appeal Watch 22News Station About Us Contact Us News Team Job at WWLP Advertise with us Regional News Hampden Hampshire Franklin Berkshire Boston Statehouse Massachusetts Connecticut Business Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Report Platforms Text Alerts Email Alerts Report It Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Our Partners Media General NBC CNN The Westfield News Hampshire Gazette Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram NEWS ARCHIVE: View Stories by Date September 2016 M T W T F S S « Aug   Oct »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   News Archive: Select Month News Archive: Select Month Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 May 2013 May 2012 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
null
null
null
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why Dollar General, Dollar Tree, and Five Below's Stocks Fell in August Dollar store chains slipped on August on slowing sales growth, but the sector is stronger than the market gives it credit for. Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Sep 5, 2016 at 8:51AM Image Source: Motley Fool.  Dollar store chains got slammed last month as Dollar General (NYSE:DG), Dollar Tree (NASDAQ:DLTR), and Five Below (NASDAQ:FIVE) all posted disappointing earnings reports. As the chart below shows, all three stocks fell by 11% or more. DG data by YCharts The culprit appeared to be a resurgent Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT), which has invested to clean-up stores, raise wages, bring back greeters, and eliminate out-of-stocks. In its most recent quarter, the retail giant posted comparable sales growth of 1.6%, its best performance in several years. Wal-Mart has also lowered prices on key traffic drivers such as fresh produce, and branded and private-label goods, helping to poach customers from dollar store chains. Dollar store stocks had thrived in recent years, finding a retail niche with low-income customers that had been ignored by other companies as well as one that was not affected by Amazon.com or the rise of e-commerce. However, that trend may be changing as the three companies above cited similar competitive threats. At Dollar General, same-store sales increased just 0.7% in its most recent quarter as management noted the effects of food deflation and a decline in food stamp participation rates and benefit levels. CEO Todd Vasos said, "the competitive environment intensified in select regions of the country." At Dollar Tree, meanwhile, comparable sales growth slowed to 1.2% as management also noted a "challenging retail sales environment." Dollar Tree also lowered its full-year revenue guidance and said it expected full-year comparable sales to be in the low-single digits. Five Below, on the other hand, fared better than its competitors with a comparable sales increase of 3.1%. Five Below tends to sell fewer staples than Dollar General and Dollar Tree, making it less of a direct competitor with Wal-Mart. Five Below's CEO also sounded more optimistic than his rivals, but, nonetheless, the company was affected by the weak reports from its peers, falling 11% in the quarter. Earnings growth remains strong Despite falling stock prices and weakened sales, earnings growth was solid at the dollar stores in the last quarter. At Dollar General, which had the sharpest drop last month, earnings per share still increased 14% to $1.08 due to a 6% increase in revenue, a modest reduction in expenses, and a share buyback program that reduced shares outstanding by more than 4% in the last year. With a profit margin near 6%, Dollar General remains one of the most efficient retailers on the market. Dollar Tree, meanwhile, has successfully integrated its Family Dollar acquisition, and saw gross margin improve 190 basis points to 30.3%, and Selling, General, and Administrative expenses fall 120 basis points to 23.1%. As a result, operating margin jumped from 4.1% to 7.1%. Strong earnings growth caused Dollar Tree to actually raised its full-year EPS guidance to $3.67-$3.82, despite lowering its revenue guidance. Finally, Five Below saw operating income jump 36% on a 20.8% increase in sales, and raised its full-year EPS guidance to $1.28-$1.32 even though it sees comparable sales growth slowing in the current quarter. On the other hand, despite worrying dollar store investors, Wal-Mart is actually seeing profits fall as it steps up investments in stores, and adjusts its business model to the e-commerce era. The lesson seems to be that the recent dip in dollar store stocks was more a result of bloated valuations rather than weak performance, as even with modest comparable sales growth, profits are still growing at a solid pace. Jeremy Bowman has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com. The Motley Fool recommends Five Below. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Fool since 2011. I write about consumer goods, the big picture, and whatever else piques my interest. Follow me on Twitter to see my latest articles, and for commentary on hot topics in retail and the broad market. Follow @tmfbowman Article Info Sep 5, 2016 at 8:51AM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $69.32 up $0.13 (0.19%) Dollar Tree Stores NASDAQ:DLTR $81.40 down $0.25 (-0.31%) Dollar General NYSE:DG $76.91 no change (0.00%) Five Below NASDAQ:FIVE $40.53 no change (0.00%) Read More Should Dollar Tree Inc. Be Worried About This New Rival? Square Slumps and Dollar General Spikes on Flat Day for Stocks Kroger Co. and Dollar General Corp. Jump as Stocks Sink These Rock-Solid Stocks Are Immune to Brexit What Investors Might Have Missed in the Stock Market Last Week Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
null
Home About us Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook US News What Is Open Labor Day? Walmart, Target, Banks, Costco, Kmart – Sales, Deals, Closings US News What Is Open Labor Day? Walmart, Target, Banks, Costco, Kmart – Sales, Deals, Closings By Jack Phillips, Epoch Times | September 5, 2016 AT 9:00 AM Last Updated: September 5, 2016 4:51 pm On Labor Day, Monday, Sept. 5, 2016, Walmart, Target, Best Buy, Publix, Kmart, Kroger, Kohl's, Whole Foods, Trader Joes, are all open. Costco is closed. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) Labor Day is Monday, Sept. 5, and it’s a federal holiday—but that doesn’t mean major chain stores are closed. Post offices are closed and mail won’t be delivered Monday. FedEx Express, Ground, Home Delivery and SmartPost as well as UPS are also not delivering on Monday. All banks are closed on Labor Day. The Federal Reserve and stock markets are also closed. Schools are also closed for the most part. Hospitals and emergency rooms are usually open. All courts, from the local to federal level, are shut down. The department of motor vehicles offices (DMV) are closed for the holiday. However, most stores are open on Labor Day, including Target, Walmart, Best Buy, Kmart, Kohl’s, and others—some with deals. According to Holidayshoppinghours.com: “BIG BOX STORES are OPEN on Labor Day: Walmart, Kmart, Target, Home Depot, Lowe’s, Trader Joe’s, Bass Pro Shops, Cabela’s, PetSmart, Kohl’s, Belk, Bed Bath & Beyond, Staples, Office Max, Office Depot, Best Buy, Academy Sports + Outdoors, etc.” Stores like CVS, Rite Aid, Duane Reade, and Walgreens are also open on Labor Day. Costco is closed. Most convenience stories like 7-Eleven and Circle K are open. History of Labor Day According to the U.S. Department of Labor, the day celebrates the “creation of the labor movement and is dedicated to the social and economic achievements of American workers. It constitutes a yearly national tribute to the contributions workers have made to the strength, prosperity, and well-being of our country.” “The first Labor Day holiday was celebrated on Tuesday, September 5, 1882, in New York City, in accordance with the plans of the Central Labor Union. The Central Labor Union held its second Labor Day holiday just a year later, on September 5, 1883,” the website says. It added: “The character of the Labor Day celebration has undergone a change in recent years, especially in large industrial centers where mass displays and huge parades have proved a problem. This change, however, is more a shift in emphasis and medium of expression. Labor Day addresses by leading union officials, industrialists, educators, clerics and government officials are given wide coverage in newspapers, radio, and television.” Editor’s Picks What Trump’s Presidency Means for Health Care Sector Grass-Roots and Professional, Anti-Trump Protests Seek Healing and Political Change ‘Human Rights is Part of the DNA of America’: An Interview with Gary Locke on Hillary Clinton, China, and the 2016 Election Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in US NewsMichigan Recommendations to Help Eliminate Lead ExposureLatest: State Appeals Order to Make Flint Water DeliveriesLight Blight: Art Project Breathes Life Into Empty BuildingsMichigan May Require Lead Screening of All Young Children Latest in US US News Michigan Recommendations to Help Eliminate Lead Exposure US News Latest: State Appeals Order to Make Flint Water Deliveries US News Light Blight: Art Project Breathes Life Into Empty Buildings US News Michigan May Require Lead Screening of All Young Children US News Video: Man Demands Starbucks Barista Write ‘Trump’ on Cup, Gets Cops Called on Him Politics Yellen Says She Isn’t Going Anywhere When Trump Takes Office Crime and Incidents Man Accused of Killing 2 Officers Had Called Police ‘Heroes’ Entertainment News Man Charged With Felony Vandalism in Smashing of Trump Star Politics Sen. Ted Cruz Remains Mum on Role in Trump Administration × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu READ UP Every book lover will want to visit these unusual libraries from around the world Written by Grace Dobush September 05, 2016 The library that comes in an extra-cuddly form. (Acción Visual/Diana Arias/Wikimedia Commons) Share Written by Grace Dobush September 05, 2016 For dedicated readers, all a library needs to be exciting are some well-stocked shelves of books. But as Denmark’s award-winning new “citizen space” shows, libraries can come in all kinds of creative and unusual forms. Here are eight libraries from around the world sure to intrigue bookworms. The graveyard library (Wikimedia Commons) The Jewish cemetery in the Austrian town of Krems an der Donau was desecrated by Nazis, with all written records and some burial stones lost. Today, in addition to a 42-meter-long memorial showing the names of 127 local Jews who were murdered or displaced during the Holocaust, the graveyard contains a series of bookshelves–a project by artists Michael Clegg and Martin Guttmann. The Open Library consists of three bookshelves in the size and shape of gravestones, with glass doors protecting books in English, German and Hebrew about Jewish philosophy and the history of death. The library that straddles international borders (Wikimedia Commons) The Haskell Free Library, which opened in 1905 and includes an opera house, lies on the border of the United States and Canada. The entrance from Derby Line, Vermont, is on Caswell Avenue; the entrance from Stanstead, Quebec, is on Church Street. A black line demarcating the border between the two countries cuts diagonally across the reading room floor, which contains a mix of French and English books. Because you don’t have to go through customs to enter the library (as long as you exit the same way you entered), border patrol has caught some criminals attempting to use the library for nefarious purposes. The library inside a former Walmart Everything’s bigger in Texas, and that includes its libraries. The McAllen Public Library took over an old Walmart for its new 123,000-square-foot main branch, four times the size of its previous location. (The big box store had moved into a larger space down the street.) After a $24 million renovation completed in 2011, the border city of McAllen now boasts the largest single floor public library in the United States, which was also recently named the most beautiful library in Texas. The “Weapons of Mass Instruction” Argentine artist Raul Lemesoff turned a 1979 Ford Falcon into a tank-like “Weapon of Mass Instruction” (Arma de Instrucción Masiva). He’s driven the car all around the country, to schools, slums and rural areas, delivering free donated books to anyone who wants them. The Argentinian car can carry up to 2,500 books, and Lemesoff also has built book cars in the United States and Holland. The choice of the Falcon is meaningful: During Argentina’s military dictatorship in the 1970s and ‘80s, death squads commonly used Falcons to kidnap citizens. The book-loving camel Author Jambyn Dashdondog has operated the Children’s Mobile Library of Mongolia for more than 20 years, traveling across the vast country by camel, horse and now van. He brings books to kids in provinces without access to libraries, sometimes staying in one location for days so the children can read as many books as they can. Since 2011, he’s gotten support from the charity Go Help. Books on bikes The Pima County Public Library is taking another mobile approach to reaching patrons. The system’s three Bookbikes can be found at community events around Tucson, Ariz., distributing free books and library cards. Many more library systems have now geared up to go mobile in the past five years, including Boston, Buffalo, Cleveland, Los Angeles and Sacramento. The Biblioburros (By Acción Visual/Diana Arias/Wikimedia Commons) Elementary school teacher Luis Soriano is famous in northern Colombia for riding his two donkeys, Alfa and Beto, around the countryside on weekends. His Biblioburros have brought books and hope to poor children in the drug-war-torn area for nearly 20 years. Soriano has now built a foundation to build a permanent library in his hometown of La Gloria to house the more than 5,000 books he’s collected. Reading inside the box The administration of the public library in Nice, France, is hidden inside a giant surrealist sculpture of a blockhead. Artist Sacha Sosno, who worked in Nice until his death in 2013, designed it to be the largest occupied sculpture in the world. The striking sculpture is 28 meters high, containing seven floors. Library lovers can find even more places to add to their bucket lists in Improbable Libraries: A Visual Journey to the World’s Most Unusual Libraries by Alex Johnson. You can follow Grace on Twitter at @GraceDobushToGo. We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
null
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good HPE tape library permits unauthorised remote access vSphere 6.5 goes GA, gains surprise powers to predict the future FYI Apple fans – iCloud slurps your call histories Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... The Naked Product Launch: 30 seconds to sell a robot Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Dell Emc Volkswagen Data Centre Of supermarkets, Volkswagen and the future of Dell-EMC Consumer-style product choice or product overlap mercy killings? Could these crates of oranges be a metaphor for a data centre? Oh yes 5 Sep 2016 at 08:28, Chris Mellor Chris Mellor Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Emc, Netapp, Seagate, Hp, Dell Recent Articles IBM stirs Lenovo Optane into its Bluemix cloud Scality developing way to stream objects to tape and the cloud Salesforce backup = Druva Analysis September 7 sees Dell Technologies absorb EMC and its VMware holding. Storage-watchers are seeing lots of overlap between the Dell and EMC storage products and wondering if there is going to be a product cull. So far there are no signs of this and it could be useful to ask if Dell + EMC is going to be a traditional few-products-for-broad-markets company or a storage supermarket. A traditional storage products company has non- or minimally-overlapping products, such as all-flash arrays or hyper-converged infrastructure appliances (HCIA) or NAS filers, and pushes these as the best products in the market against competing products; Nutanix appliances versus SimpliVity, EMC VxRail or Cisco HyperFlex ones, for example. A server company wishing to have storage software use its servers will often have a meet-in-the-channel strategy with validated software suppliers products running on, for example, Cisco or Lenovo servers, and being available to Cisco and Lenovo channel partners. These software products, such as HCIA software oroducts from Maxta and others, can and often do overlap and compete, but the server vendor does not care; whatever software a customer wants to run on its servers is fine by it. Even when a server vendor then gets actual skin in a product category game, such as Cisco OEM'ing Springpath HCI software for its HyperFlex HCIA , then it will carry on with now-competing, meet-in-the-channel alternatives. Hold this thought, and let's consider, as an analogy, car manufacturers such as Volkswagen and supermarkets such as Walmart and others. For both, the idea of overlapping products is no problem. Volkswagen Let's list a few Volkswagen car brands: Audi; Bugatti; Seat; Skoda; Lamborghini; Porsche; and VW itself. There is a massive amount of overlap: Prestige sports cars: Audi, Bentley, Bugatti, Lamborghini, Porsche Four-door saloons (sedans): Audi, Seat, Skoda, VW SUVs: Audi, Porsche, VW, Skoda... City runabouts: Audi, Seat, Skoda, VW ... VW would argue that its separate brands have their separate identities, and the sub-segments in the car market have strongly-defined sub-sub-segments, and price band separations, such that a Porsche 911 buyer is not an Audi RS8 buyer or a Bentley or Bugatti Veyron or Lambhorguni buyer. And the varying brands and their products prosper. Such is life in the consumer car buying market. The brands compete in a broad sense but fundamentally co-operate as sales outlets for VW automotive components. Lamborghini competes more, much more, with non-VW brands/suppliers such as Ferrari than it does with other VW brands. Supermarkets A supermarket sells multiple overlapping brands in many product categories. It can even sell its own brands against the suppliers whose brands it stocks on its shelves. What a supermarket wants to do is maximise sales revenue from its floorspace. If some customers prefer main brands for cereals and others the supermarket's own brand then it will stock both kinds and give them shelf space in proportion to their sales revenue and promotional activities. A Walmart or Tesco has no issue in recognising that different customers want different, overlapping brands in any given category. As long as different customers buy different brands then any functional overlap is obviated. The same can be true in smaller shops, such as electrical wholesalers and decorators' merchants, which sell to tradespeople, with own-brand goods competing for business with mainstream supplier brands. All-in-all these are business organisations which exist to sell, and mostly but not always, make products for customers to buy, and if different customers want products that overlap with separate products bought by other customers, then all is well and good. Business is a supermarket. EMC EMC has been criticised for product overlap in the past and its response has been that it's better to overlap products than leave gaps between them which EMC's competitors could use as doorways into its customer base. Object storage has been a classic case of this, with EMC offering separate Centera, Atmos, Isilon and VIPR products at one point in 2013. An EMC insider told us back then: "The thing about overlapping products is the company won't leave a gap anywhere where a competitor can grow unchallenged." We can say that EMC's organisation almost encouraged, and certainly didn't prevent, products with overlapping functionality. Possibly its execs thought that having internally competitive products would produce stronger products and ones that developed features and functionality faster. Dell and hyper-converged Dell has three storage array product lines; SC (Compellent) Fibre Channel arrays, PS (EqualLogic) iSCSI arrays, and PowerVault (for SMEs), and these don't overlap that much. It doesn't have a separate filer line, preferring to overlay file access technology on top of the SC and PS arrays. Neither does it have a separate all-flash array line, or software-defined storage or in-house-developed or acquired object storage line. Instead it OEMs Scality object storage. Nor does not have its own in-house developed hyper-converged offering. Instead it resells VMware and EMC products and has an OEM deal with Nutanix: VMware Virtual SAN Ready Nodes using Dell PowerEdge servers VMware Virtual SAN support for Dell’s Hybrid Cloud Platform (reference architecture with vRealize). EMC resell VxRail appliances which use VMware’s VSAN VxRack Node (SW-defined storage building block) System 1000 FLEX rack-scale hyper-converged system XC Series – the OEM’d Nutanix HCIA software on Dell server hardware EMC and Nutanix compete strongly, as do Nutanix and VMware to a lesser degree, since Nutanix started producing its own hypervisor. This product profligacy with hyper-converged contrasts with product parsimony elsewhere in storage. However the profligacy is par for the relatively uncommitted server vendor course; witness Cisco and Lenovo. Now Dell, a supporter of partial product overlap in the hyper-converged space, is buying EMC, a supporter of much product overlap. EMC, Dell and hyper-converged Even though Dell is buying EMC, which is mounting an energetic push of its own hyper-converged VxRail and VxRack products against other suppliers, including Nutanix, Dell will not stop selling the XC hyper-converged system, with its OEM'd Nutanix software. It renewed the Nutanix OEM deal in June, and EMC Converged Systems president Chad Sakac said EMC, once inside Dell, will continue with the XC OEM'd Nutanix system. He said: "It's pretty straightforward: Dell is 20 to 30 per cent of the Nutanix business today, or about 420 customers. It's not the right customer move to sever that relationship. Therefore, we'll offer a choice." If we apply this point of view to mid-range hybrid SAN arrays then the logic is that, after September 7, Dell-EMC will continue selling the Dell SC (Compellent) arrays as well as the Unity (EMC VNX) arrays, even though they overlap in function and market positioning. The two arrays may move to using common components such as enclosures, power supplies, fans, drives and controllers but the brands and separate engineering functions will survive. If we apply this point of view to object storage then the Dell-Scality OEM deal will survive the EMC acquisition as well, joining ECS, ISilon, etc In general then, this positions Dell-EMC as a storage supermarket and not a traditional storage supplier. Is this sustainable? Is Dell/EMC (Demcell?) going to function like Volkswagen? Future mercy-killing For someone like Chad Sakac who runs the converged systems area, overlapping products are fine. If some of his customers are buying XC Nutanix systems and others VxRail, then that's fine. You don't force VxRail down the XC buyers' throats; that would be like punching them in the face Sakac memorably said. Whatever the customers buy in the converged/hyper-converged line then, as long as it's from Dell/EMC, Sakac wins. No problem. He's running a small supermarket and likes a quasi-Volkswagen approach. Yet execs running product groups, under pressure to maximise their revenues, will be incentivised otherwise. When development budget time comes around, Exec A, making VNX, will say something like $1m invested in VNX will deliver $50m in revenues over two years, whereas $1m invested in PS will only deliver $5m over that time. So give me the PS $1m as well and I'll deliver $70m over two years. You can imagine arguments like this up and down the company with stronger product line execs looking to strangle their weaker brethren. In EMC II CEO David Goulden did what prior CEO Joe Tucci had done and went for overlap and internal competition. El Reg's assessment is that he'll do the same in Dell-EMC with a wider enterprise storage product portfolio. That will be fine when the company is growing but the arguments will burst out when budgets get constrained. Product line execs will be screaming out for survival if they are majorly threatened, or demanding development funding to outspend and out-develop the competition and so get back to growth – and not have their budgets reduced because weaker product lines are being supported.. When that happens, what then? Will Dell retain a quasi-Volkswagen approach or will it slough off failing brands and mercy-kill weaker product lines? We reckon they'll go for the mercy kill approach – but not this year. That's our stake in the ground. ® Sponsored: Magic quadrant for enterprise mobility management suites Tips and corrections 12 Comments More from The Register US judge rubber-stamps Volkswagen's 'Dieselgate' settlement 475,000 Americans will get trade-in value plus $5k to $10k compensation 27 Comments Investors to be allowed to sue Volkswagen over emission row German car makers now required to disclose engine software 23 Comments Volkswagen Australia says 77,000 local diesels need software fix 'Technical solutions to service the vehicles' yet to be determined 9 Comments Volkswagen enlarges emissions scandal probe: 'Millions' more cars may have cheated Meanwhile customers lawyer up 94 Comments Volkswagen: 800,000 of our cars may have cheated in CO2 tests After the NO bombshells, here comes a carbon dioxide scandal 90 Comments Michael Dell promises new EMC/Dell/VMware engineered systems Vmworld Expect them ASAP once the EMC deal closes, which will be real soon now 5 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Empowering E-commerce against unpredictable demand Exploring common challenges facing E-commerce platform and B2C website managers planning for the holiday shopping rush and bolstering services to meet customer demands. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi UK warships to have less firepower than 19th century equivalents as missiles withdrawn British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Spotlight NetApp's regeneration could be deep surgery or anti-wrinkle cream Facebook Telecom Infrastructure Project starts chucking rocks at mobile model Speaking in Tech: The votes are in – and the Podcast Idol winner is... Forget razors and blades, APIs are the new gotcha Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Fire alarm sparked data centre meltdown emergency HPE and SimpliVity may be at church door Speaking in Tech: Let's make podcasting great again Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good HPE tape library permits unauthorised remote access vSphere 6.5 goes GA, gains surprise powers to predict the future FYI Apple fans – iCloud slurps your call histories Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... The Naked Product Launch: 30 seconds to sell a robot Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Dell Emc Volkswagen Data Centre Of supermarkets, Volkswagen and the future of Dell-EMC Consumer-style product choice or product overlap mercy killings? Could these crates of oranges be a metaphor for a data centre? Oh yes 5 Sep 2016 at 08:28, Chris Mellor Chris Mellor Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Emc, Netapp, Seagate, Hp, Dell Recent Articles IBM stirs Lenovo Optane into its Bluemix cloud Scality developing way to stream objects to tape and the cloud Salesforce backup = Druva Analysis September 7 sees Dell Technologies absorb EMC and its VMware holding. Storage-watchers are seeing lots of overlap between the Dell and EMC storage products and wondering if there is going to be a product cull. So far there are no signs of this and it could be useful to ask if Dell + EMC is going to be a traditional few-products-for-broad-markets company or a storage supermarket. A traditional storage products company has non- or minimally-overlapping products, such as all-flash arrays or hyper-converged infrastructure appliances (HCIA) or NAS filers, and pushes these as the best products in the market against competing products; Nutanix appliances versus SimpliVity, EMC VxRail or Cisco HyperFlex ones, for example. A server company wishing to have storage software use its servers will often have a meet-in-the-channel strategy with validated software suppliers products running on, for example, Cisco or Lenovo servers, and being available to Cisco and Lenovo channel partners. These software products, such as HCIA software oroducts from Maxta and others, can and often do overlap and compete, but the server vendor does not care; whatever software a customer wants to run on its servers is fine by it. Even when a server vendor then gets actual skin in a product category game, such as Cisco OEM'ing Springpath HCI software for its HyperFlex HCIA , then it will carry on with now-competing, meet-in-the-channel alternatives. Hold this thought, and let's consider, as an analogy, car manufacturers such as Volkswagen and supermarkets such as Walmart and others. For both, the idea of overlapping products is no problem. Volkswagen Let's list a few Volkswagen car brands: Audi; Bugatti; Seat; Skoda; Lamborghini; Porsche; and VW itself. There is a massive amount of overlap: Prestige sports cars: Audi, Bentley, Bugatti, Lamborghini, Porsche Four-door saloons (sedans): Audi, Seat, Skoda, VW SUVs: Audi, Porsche, VW, Skoda... City runabouts: Audi, Seat, Skoda, VW ... VW would argue that its separate brands have their separate identities, and the sub-segments in the car market have strongly-defined sub-sub-segments, and price band separations, such that a Porsche 911 buyer is not an Audi RS8 buyer or a Bentley or Bugatti Veyron or Lambhorguni buyer. And the varying brands and their products prosper. Such is life in the consumer car buying market. The brands compete in a broad sense but fundamentally co-operate as sales outlets for VW automotive components. Lamborghini competes more, much more, with non-VW brands/suppliers such as Ferrari than it does with other VW brands. Supermarkets A supermarket sells multiple overlapping brands in many product categories. It can even sell its own brands against the suppliers whose brands it stocks on its shelves. What a supermarket wants to do is maximise sales revenue from its floorspace. If some customers prefer main brands for cereals and others the supermarket's own brand then it will stock both kinds and give them shelf space in proportion to their sales revenue and promotional activities. A Walmart or Tesco has no issue in recognising that different customers want different, overlapping brands in any given category. As long as different customers buy different brands then any functional overlap is obviated. The same can be true in smaller shops, such as electrical wholesalers and decorators' merchants, which sell to tradespeople, with own-brand goods competing for business with mainstream supplier brands. All-in-all these are business organisations which exist to sell, and mostly but not always, make products for customers to buy, and if different customers want products that overlap with separate products bought by other customers, then all is well and good. Business is a supermarket. EMC EMC has been criticised for product overlap in the past and its response has been that it's better to overlap products than leave gaps between them which EMC's competitors could use as doorways into its customer base. Object storage has been a classic case of this, with EMC offering separate Centera, Atmos, Isilon and VIPR products at one point in 2013. An EMC insider told us back then: "The thing about overlapping products is the company won't leave a gap anywhere where a competitor can grow unchallenged." We can say that EMC's organisation almost encouraged, and certainly didn't prevent, products with overlapping functionality. Possibly its execs thought that having internally competitive products would produce stronger products and ones that developed features and functionality faster. Dell and hyper-converged Dell has three storage array product lines; SC (Compellent) Fibre Channel arrays, PS (EqualLogic) iSCSI arrays, and PowerVault (for SMEs), and these don't overlap that much. It doesn't have a separate filer line, preferring to overlay file access technology on top of the SC and PS arrays. Neither does it have a separate all-flash array line, or software-defined storage or in-house-developed or acquired object storage line. Instead it OEMs Scality object storage. Nor does not have its own in-house developed hyper-converged offering. Instead it resells VMware and EMC products and has an OEM deal with Nutanix: VMware Virtual SAN Ready Nodes using Dell PowerEdge servers VMware Virtual SAN support for Dell’s Hybrid Cloud Platform (reference architecture with vRealize). EMC resell VxRail appliances which use VMware’s VSAN VxRack Node (SW-defined storage building block) System 1000 FLEX rack-scale hyper-converged system XC Series – the OEM’d Nutanix HCIA software on Dell server hardware EMC and Nutanix compete strongly, as do Nutanix and VMware to a lesser degree, since Nutanix started producing its own hypervisor. This product profligacy with hyper-converged contrasts with product parsimony elsewhere in storage. However the profligacy is par for the relatively uncommitted server vendor course; witness Cisco and Lenovo. Now Dell, a supporter of partial product overlap in the hyper-converged space, is buying EMC, a supporter of much product overlap. EMC, Dell and hyper-converged Even though Dell is buying EMC, which is mounting an energetic push of its own hyper-converged VxRail and VxRack products against other suppliers, including Nutanix, Dell will not stop selling the XC hyper-converged system, with its OEM'd Nutanix software. It renewed the Nutanix OEM deal in June, and EMC Converged Systems president Chad Sakac said EMC, once inside Dell, will continue with the XC OEM'd Nutanix system. He said: "It's pretty straightforward: Dell is 20 to 30 per cent of the Nutanix business today, or about 420 customers. It's not the right customer move to sever that relationship. Therefore, we'll offer a choice." If we apply this point of view to mid-range hybrid SAN arrays then the logic is that, after September 7, Dell-EMC will continue selling the Dell SC (Compellent) arrays as well as the Unity (EMC VNX) arrays, even though they overlap in function and market positioning. The two arrays may move to using common components such as enclosures, power supplies, fans, drives and controllers but the brands and separate engineering functions will survive. If we apply this point of view to object storage then the Dell-Scality OEM deal will survive the EMC acquisition as well, joining ECS, ISilon, etc In general then, this positions Dell-EMC as a storage supermarket and not a traditional storage supplier. Is this sustainable? Is Dell/EMC (Demcell?) going to function like Volkswagen? Future mercy-killing For someone like Chad Sakac who runs the converged systems area, overlapping products are fine. If some of his customers are buying XC Nutanix systems and others VxRail, then that's fine. You don't force VxRail down the XC buyers' throats; that would be like punching them in the face Sakac memorably said. Whatever the customers buy in the converged/hyper-converged line then, as long as it's from Dell/EMC, Sakac wins. No problem. He's running a small supermarket and likes a quasi-Volkswagen approach. Yet execs running product groups, under pressure to maximise their revenues, will be incentivised otherwise. When development budget time comes around, Exec A, making VNX, will say something like $1m invested in VNX will deliver $50m in revenues over two years, whereas $1m invested in PS will only deliver $5m over that time. So give me the PS $1m as well and I'll deliver $70m over two years. You can imagine arguments like this up and down the company with stronger product line execs looking to strangle their weaker brethren. In EMC II CEO David Goulden did what prior CEO Joe Tucci had done and went for overlap and internal competition. El Reg's assessment is that he'll do the same in Dell-EMC with a wider enterprise storage product portfolio. That will be fine when the company is growing but the arguments will burst out when budgets get constrained. Product line execs will be screaming out for survival if they are majorly threatened, or demanding development funding to outspend and out-develop the competition and so get back to growth – and not have their budgets reduced because weaker product lines are being supported.. When that happens, what then? Will Dell retain a quasi-Volkswagen approach or will it slough off failing brands and mercy-kill weaker product lines? We reckon they'll go for the mercy kill approach – but not this year. That's our stake in the ground. ® Sponsored: Magic quadrant for enterprise mobility management suites Tips and corrections 12 Comments More from The Register US judge rubber-stamps Volkswagen's 'Dieselgate' settlement 475,000 Americans will get trade-in value plus $5k to $10k compensation 27 Comments Investors to be allowed to sue Volkswagen over emission row German car makers now required to disclose engine software 23 Comments Volkswagen Australia says 77,000 local diesels need software fix 'Technical solutions to service the vehicles' yet to be determined 9 Comments Volkswagen enlarges emissions scandal probe: 'Millions' more cars may have cheated Meanwhile customers lawyer up 94 Comments Volkswagen: 800,000 of our cars may have cheated in CO2 tests After the NO bombshells, here comes a carbon dioxide scandal 90 Comments Michael Dell promises new EMC/Dell/VMware engineered systems Vmworld Expect them ASAP once the EMC deal closes, which will be real soon now 5 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Empowering E-commerce against unpredictable demand Exploring common challenges facing E-commerce platform and B2C website managers planning for the holiday shopping rush and bolstering services to meet customer demands. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi UK warships to have less firepower than 19th century equivalents as missiles withdrawn British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Spotlight NetApp's regeneration could be deep surgery or anti-wrinkle cream Facebook Telecom Infrastructure Project starts chucking rocks at mobile model Speaking in Tech: The votes are in – and the Podcast Idol winner is... Forget razors and blades, APIs are the new gotcha Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Fire alarm sparked data centre meltdown emergency HPE and SimpliVity may be at church door Speaking in Tech: Let's make podcasting great again Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
Share 5 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-18 Happy Birthday Mickey Mouse! You’re 88! Here’s What You Don’t Know About Him Entertainment 2016-11-17 ‘Lemony Snicket’s A Series Of Unfortunate Events’ Trailer Released Today: Netflix Is At It Again Entertainment 2016-11-17 Jessa Duggar Comments On Joy-Anna Duggar Courting News On Instagram And Seewald Family Blog: ‘Counting On’ Star Still Hides Baby Bump Entertainment 2016-11-16 MGM Launches ‘Light TV’ Faith-Based Channel With Mark Burnett And Roma Downey News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-18 Obama Criticizes Fake News On Facebook, ‘Misinformation Threatens Democracy’ News 2016-11-17 Man Dissolves While Attempting To ‘Hot Pot’ In Yellowstone Hot Spring, Sister Captures Death On Phone News 2016-11-17 ‘Catfish’ Victim Mitchell Bowie, 18, Commits Suicide After Online ‘Girlfriend’ Threatens His Life News 2016-11-17 Dina Manzo Confirms Teresa Giudice’s Claim Jacqueline Laurita Once Hit Caroline Manzo In The Face Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-17 RunDisney’s 2017 New Balance Shoe Designs Revealed, Feature Disney Parks Attractions Sports 2016-11-16 Watch New Zealand Vs. Pakistan Cricket 1st Test Live Stream: Start Time, Team News, How To Watch Online Sports 2016-11-16 Minnesota Vikings Vs. Arizona Cardinals: Bold Predictions For NFL Week 11 Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 7 — Dhaka Vs. Chittagong, Rangpur Vs. Barisal Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-16 Gloucester Toddler, 3, Is Nearly ‘Eaten Alive’ By Herpes Contracted From Family Member Health 2016-11-15 Chocolate Bars That Relieve Period Cramps? Yes, Please! Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-18 ‘Destiny’: Xur’s Exotic Goods For Nov. 18, SUROS Regime And Impossible Machines Gaming 2016-11-18 Best Buy’s Black Friday Pokemon Deals: Seize The Opportunity To Gear Yourself Up For A Rock-Bottom Price Gaming 2016-11-18 ‘Red Dead Redemption 2’ Release: Anticipation ‘Enormous’ For Fall 2017 Sequel Gaming 2016-11-18 Free ‘Lost Odyssey’ Promotion Leaked For Xbox One Owners, Just A Test Or Coming Soon? BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-18 Marilyn Monroe ‘Happy Birthday, Mr. President’ Dress Sells For $4.81 Million BuzzWorthy 2016-11-17 Social Media’s #UNameItChallenge Goes Viral Before Thanksgiving, Gospel Star Shirley Caesar Responds BuzzWorthy 2016-11-17 Teacher Ruins Autistic Boy’s Role In School Play, Leaves Him Sobbing On Stage In Front Of Audience BuzzWorthy 2016-11-17 Flagstaff Police Officer Caught On Tape Punching Woman In The Face, Department Is Investigating [Video] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Post Office Hours Labor Day 2016: Is There Mail Delivery On Monday, September 5? Business 5 0 0 September 4, 2016 Post Office Hours Labor Day 2016: Is There Mail Delivery On Monday, September 5? Cheryl P Labor Day is a big day for cookouts, parties, and sleeping late, but for others, it’s a regular work day, with many retail stores like Walmart and Target open for business as usual. However, the annual federal holiday always creates some confusion for people who are trying to find out if the post office is open and if letter carriers will be out delivering mail to homes and businesses on Monday, September 5. Whether you are waiting for a bill to arrive in your mailbox, need to get to the post office to send out a package, or are waiting for a mail carrier, FedEx, or UPS delivery at your business, here’s the scoop on which mail delivery services will be operating on Labor Day 2016. How much #mail we deliver in a day may take your breath away. pic.twitter.com/RACPa8KT5Z — U.S. Postal Service (@USPS) August 30, 2016 According to the U.S. Office of Personnel Management, Labor Day is a federal holiday observed on the first Monday in September. While many businesses, such as malls, restaurants, and supermarkets, are open on September 5, most government offices, including the U.S. Post Office, will be closed on Monday. Although Alternet reports that the post office has been delivering Amazon packages on Sundays since 2015, when regular mail is typically not delivered, don’t expect to see that package arrive on Monday. Of note, commentary on the Amazon forum page indicates that some customers have received packages on other federal holidays, so there is a chance that some post office workers will be making Amazon package drop-offs on Monday. Thanks again @USPS & @amazon pic.twitter.com/TvkK8PeTk6 — Jon D (@psujdr) August 29, 2016 Need to mail a package or check your post office box? You will have to wait until Tuesday, September 6 when all U.S. Post Office locations reopen and mail delivery resumes. If you need stamps, many grocery stores and convenience stores sell them at the register, but your mail won’t go out until the federal holiday is over. What about UPS and FedEx? Will they be delivering packages, and can you stop by one of their local offices and ship a package on Monday? We’ve got a #FridayFeeling that we’re about to have a great #labordayweekend! pic.twitter.com/T1f8IjGKQw — FedEx (@FedEx) September 2, 2016 If you have an urgent package to mail out on Monday, you will have to wait until Tuesday to mail it out or drive it to its destination yourself. Although both UPS and FedEx offices will be closed on Monday, September 5, there are some exceptions for those who are waiting for a package to be delivered. According to UPS, if you are expecting a package that has been mailed via the UPS Express Critical service and it’s due to be delivered on Monday, September 5, it should be delivered as scheduled. FedEx reports that it will be closed on Monday, but Fedex Custom critical packages that are set for delivery on September 5 will be delivered. Labor Day isn’t the only day that the U.S. Post Office, FedEx, and UPS are closed for business. According to RedCort, nine other holidays are observed in 2016, and that means more days off to come for some and a regular workday for others. In addition to U.S. Post Office and other federal offices, most banks and credit unions are closed on federal holidays. The sixth federal holiday of 2016 is observed this Monday, September 5 and there are four more holidays to go before say goodbye the 2016 and usher in 2017. Here’s the full list of 2016 federal holidays if you’re still not sure when you may (or may not) have a day off. 2016 Federal Holidays New Year’s Day – January 1 Martin Luther King, Jr. Day -January 18 George Washington’s Birthday -February 15 Memorial Day – May 30 Independence Day – July 4 Labor Day -September 5 Columbus Day – October 10 Veterans Day – November 11 Thanksgiving Day – November 24 Christmas Day – December 26 Do you have to work on Monday, or are you lucky enough to get the holiday off? [Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Amazon Launches First Ever Branded Cargo Plane Now Read This: Samsung Makes Its Biggest Deal Ever: Buys Harman Audio In $8 Billion All-Cash Deal To Speed Ahead In Smart Car Technologies Share 5 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Cheryl P Tags: labor day, Mail Delivery, usps Comments LATEST HEADLINES New Discovery Series ‘Legend of Croc Gold’ Promises Plenty Of Danger And Drama WWE Rumors: Is James Ellsworth Signing With WWE? ‘Survivor Series’ Team Mascot No Longer Taking Indie Bookings ‘Destiny’: Xur’s Exotic Goods For Nov. 18, SUROS Regime And Impossible Machines Blake Shelton Is Not Ready To ‘Pull The Plug’ On His Relationship With Gwen Stefani [Debunked] Meghan Markle Nude Photos Exposed! Could This Scandal Derail Prince Harry’s Engagement Plans? Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Divorce? Kim ‘Furious’ & Fighting With Husband After Robbery [Rumors] Jennifer Lopez And Marc Anthony Kiss Onstage After Surprise Duet At 2016 Latin Grammy Awards Barcelona Vs. Malaga : Preview, Prediction, Probable Line-Ups, Betting Odds, And Live Streaming Roland Emmerich Confirms Why The ‘Stargate’ Reboot Is No Longer Happening Brad Pitt And Angelina Jolie Divorce: Marion Cotillard Weighs In On Cheating Rumors Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Exit Polls Predicted Hillary Clinton To Win Four Of Donald Trump’s Key Victories [Opinion] 12k 0 0 Democratic Pundits Are Starting To Blame Hillary’s Spectacular Failure On Bernie Sanders [Opinion] 9.6k 0 0 Obama Has Deported More Immigrants Than Trump Is Saying He Will 8.9k 0 0 Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 59.6k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 33k 0 0 3 Million Illegal Immigrants Voted, Claims Gregg Phillips Of VoteStand: Donald Trump’s Final Popular Vote Count Alleged To Be Better Than 2016 Predictions 683 0 0 Democrats Want to End Electoral College But Were Fine With Superdelegates [Opinion] 2.8k 0 0 Recent Headlines Blake Shelton Is Not Ready To ‘Pull The Plug’ On His Relationship With Gwen Stefani [Debunked] 0 0 0 Meghan Markle Nude Photos Exposed! Could This Scandal Derail Prince Harry’s Engagement Plans? 0 0 0 Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Divorce? Kim ‘Furious’ & Fighting With Husband After Robbery [Rumors] 0 0 0 Jennifer Lopez And Marc Anthony Kiss Onstage After Surprise Duet At 2016 Latin Grammy Awards 1 0 0 Barcelona Vs. Malaga : Preview, Prediction, Probable Line-Ups, Betting Odds, And Live Streaming 0 0 0 Roland Emmerich Confirms Why The ‘Stargate’ Reboot Is No Longer Happening 2 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
Live BroadcastWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Categories U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food Entertainment Watercooler Sports Community Pets Automotive Station Info #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Shows Emmys LA Rams Eye On L.A. Vista L.A. Newsmakers LAFF TV Follow Us BUSINESS Hanjin ships containing goods remain in limbo amid bankruptcy filing Email share share tweet email You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc7.com/video/embed/?pid=1498413" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Some major retailers are scrambling to work out contingency plans to get their merchandise to stores as the bankruptcy of the Hanjin shipping line has thrown ports and retailers around the world into confusion. (KABC) AP Sunday, September 04, 2016 LOS ANGELES -- Some major retailers are scrambling to work out contingency plans to get their merchandise to stores as the bankruptcy of the Hanjin shipping line has thrown ports and retailers around the world into confusion. They don't have a lot of time. Giant container ships from the South Korean-based Hanjin shipping line are marooned with their cargo of what experts say are lots of TVs and printers, but also loads of home furnishings and clothing. Hanjin, the world's seventh-largest container shipper, filed for bankruptcy protection Wednesday and stopped accepting new cargo. With its assets being frozen, ships from China to Canada were refused permission to offload or take aboard containers because there were no guarantees that tugboat pilots or stevedores would be paid. It's also been a factor in shipping rates rising and could hurt some trucking firms with contracts to pick up goods from Hanjin ships. The South Korean giant represents nearly 8 percent of the trans-Pacific trade volume for the U.S. market. While some retailers may already have merchandise for the holiday season affected, experts say what's most important is that the issue be resolved before the critical shipping month of October. "Retailers always have robust contingency plans, but this degree of uncertainty is making it challenging to put those plans in place," said Jessica Dankert, senior director of retail operations for the Retail Industry Leaders Association, a trade alliance with members including companies like Best Buy, Wal-Mart and Target. J.C. Penney said Hanjin is one of several ocean freight carriers that it uses and when it learned there might be an issue it began to divert and reroute its containers. It said it uses "a variety of transportation methods and ports" and right now does not expect a significant effect on the flow of merchandise. Target Corp. said it is watching the situation closely and Wal-Mart said it is waiting for details about Hanjin's bankruptcy proceedings and the implications to its merchandise before it could assess the effect. As of Friday, 27 ships had been refused entry to ports or terminals, said Hanjin Shipping spokesman Park Min. The Seoul-based company said one ship in Singapore had been seized by the ship's owner. At the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach, the nation's busiest port complex, three Hanjin container ships ranging from about 700 feet to 1,100 feet (213 meters to 304 meters) long were either drifting offshore or anchored away from terminals on Thursday. A fourth vessel that was supposed to leave Long Beach on Thursday morning remained anchored inside the breakwater. "Hanjin called us and said: 'We're going bankrupt and we can't pay any bills - so don't bother asking,' " said J. Kip Louttit, executive director of the Marine Exchange of Southern California, which provides traffic control for the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach. That's meant cargo headed to and from Asia is in limbo, much to the distress of merchants looking to stock shelves with fall fashions or Christmas toys. "Someone from the garment industry called earlier today asking: 'How long is this going to go on, because I've got clothing out there,'" Louttit said. Chris Rogers, a research analyst at Panjiva, which tracks international imports to the United States, said the situation isn't yet dire but could become so. October is the busiest month for cargo from South Korea to the U.S., accounting for about 11.5 percent of the annual total. But South Korea's maritime ministry said Hanjin's troubles would affect cargo exports for two to three months, given that August-October is a high-demand season for deep-sea routes. The Retail Industry Leaders Association wrote to U.S. Secretary of Commerce Penny Pritzker and Federal Maritime Commission Chairman Mario Cordero on Thursday, urging them to work with the South Korean government, ports and others to prevent disruptions. It said the bankruptcy is rippling through the global supply chain and could cause significant harm to consumers and the U.S. economy. "There (are) millions of dollars' worth of merchandise that needs to be on store shelves that could be impacted by this," said Jonathan Gold, the National Retail Federation's vice president for supply chain and customs policy. The confusion might also sink some trucking firms that contract with Hanjin to deliver cargo containers from ports to company loading bays. "They've got bills to pay - they could literally close their doors over this," said Peter Schneider, Fresno-based vice president of T.G.S. Transportation Inc. Other shipping lines may take on some of Hanjin's traffic - but at a price. Since many vessels already are operating at high capacity, shippers may wind up paying a premium to squeeze their containers on board, said Jock O'Connell, international trade adviser to Los Angeles-based Beacon Economics. The price of shipping a 40-foot container from China to the U.S. jumped up to 50 percent in a single day, said Nerijus Poskus, director of pricing and procurement for Flexport, a licensed freight forwarder and customs broker based in San Francisco. The price from China to West Coast ports rose from $1,100 per container to as much as $1,700 on Thursday, while the cost from China to the East Coast jumped from $1,700 to $2,400, he said. Hanjin's bankruptcy was a major factor, he said. Global demand and trade have suffered since the 2008 recession, but steamship lines continued to build more and larger vessels. That weaker trade and overcapacity have sent ocean shipping rates plunging in recent years. A few months ago, Poskus said, prices hit historic lows globally - down to as much as $600 per container from Shanghai to Los Angeles. That wouldn't even cover fuel costs for the huge ships, he said. Poskus expects the spike in prices to last a month or two. With about 5 percent of ships in the global trading fleet sitting idle, he believes there is room to take over Hanjin's capacity and carriers already are discussing the possibility of adding ships. But he said prices would have to rise in order to be sustainable. Related Topics: businesssouth koreabankruptcyshoppingport of long beachport of los angelesu.s. & worldLos AngelesLos Angeles CountyLong Beach Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2016 by The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. Related Hanjin files for bankruptcy; ships stranded near San Pedro BUSINESS Ontario airport officially back in city's control Justice Dept. sues AT&T, DirecTV for alleged deals to block Dodgers channel Judge approves $15 billion Volkswagen emissions settlement AT&T buying Time Warner for $85.4 billion 'Lucky pennies' worth $1,000 hidden in 10 cities More Business Top Stories Firefighters contain dramatic blaze at pallet yard in Perris Trump said to pick Sen. Jeff Sessions for attorney general Authorities identify man suspected of raping Maywood woman Suspect steals man's car in Northridge, captured in red-light camera photo Happy Birthday, Mickey! Fun facts about everyone's favorite mouse California National Guard prepares for the 'Big One' 14-year-old boy arrested in double shooting at Fontana park that killed 1 Show More VIDEO: Bar brawl ends with car striking fighters, building Video shows Arizona cop punch woman Southland under red flag warning amid dry, windy conditions Japan PM 1st foreign leader to meet with Donald Trump Wall constructed around home plagued by mudslides in Azusa More News Top Video Happy Birthday, Mickey! Fun facts about everyone's favorite mouse Disneyland, California Adventure ring in holiday season California National Guard prepares for the 'Big One' Video shows Arizona cop punch woman More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food Station Info #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Shows Emmys LA Rams Eye On L.A. Vista L.A. Newsmakers LAFF TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., KABC-TV Los Angeles. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Categories U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food Entertainment Watercooler Sports Community Pets Automotive Station Info #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Shows Emmys LA Rams Eye On L.A. Vista L.A. Newsmakers LAFF TV Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., KABC-TV Los Angeles
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 196,447 Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? 66,711 Clinton gets mixed reaction after going makeup-free for speech 48,506 'Kimmy Schmidt' actress reportedly commits suicide in Peru hotel 46,801 Kubrick's daughter calls for boycott of Shelley Duvall interview 41,405 Facebook's ad metric problem is becoming Zuckerberg's headache 35,209 This list of topics is the quickest way to anger your liberal friends Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Keep dreaming if you think you’re retiring in your 60s By Jonathon M. Trugman View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) September 3, 2016 | 9:00pm Modal Trigger Photo: Shutterstock More On: workforce Women won't earn as much as men for 170 years City agencies slow to diversify despite vows to increase minority hires: report Use this excuse next time you want to call in sick Crisis of un-work: more and more men skip jobs, watch TV instead Within this economy and its superficially healthy 4.9 percent unemployment numbers lies a double-edged crisis. It’s a crisis within a crisis. Historically, 5 percent to 6 percent unemployment was considered “full employment” in America. But today’s workforce isn’t exactly your grandparents’ workforce. Then again, it may be. Some 24 percent of seniors over 65 years old are now in the US workforce. Yes, one-quarter of our seniors must now work to get by. The Silver Tsunami has struck America’s workforce, and it isn’t pretty. In America, the dream of retiring in your 60s is quickly becoming more of a fantasy than a realistic goal. And it’s astonishing how the quality of jobs here has diminished over the past 10 years. Gone is upward mobility. For every tiny tech startup that employs 20 to 100 people, there’s a Walmart, which announced a 7,000-person headcount reduction on Thursday. And Walmart is cutting its “highest-paid hourly workers in accounting and invoicing” and jobs that are mostly held by “long-term employees,” the company said. Those are good middle-class jobs with good benefit packages, and Walmart, like IBM, Microsoft and others, isn’t retraining. It is relieving of service. So imagine you’re in your late 50s, you’ve worked hard and risen to the level of manager and are comfortable that in another five to seven years, you could save enough to retire from your current job at age 65. There are plenty of good, legitimate reasons to work past age 65. But having to work to afford the out-of-pocket expenses not covered by Medicare and a feeble Social Security check is a hardship. At Home Depot, I see an elderly man who always asks me if I need help carrying my purchases. He is well into his 70s, and as we walk to my car and talk, I always push the cart and do the heavy lifting. I’ve asked him why he does this. His wife is ill and Home Depot has great health-care benefits, he says. So Friday’s 4.9 percent is about as reliable as a campaign promise. That is, not very. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under employment ,  seniors ,  workforce Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Fight like Rocky in NYC's high-end boxing gym Read Next Fight like Rocky in NYC's high-end boxing gym Most Popular This Week 1 The one scenario that could still get Hillary into the White House 2 Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? 3 Melania Trump's girl-on-girl photos from racy shoot revealed 4 Kellyanne Conway tells The Post she feels 'blessed’ over White House gig 5 Insiders say Donald Trump is 'disgusted' by Chris Christie 6 Scenes from the liberal meltdown Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 191,988 Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? 64,961 Clinton gets mixed reaction after going makeup-free for speech 47,217 'Kimmy Schmidt' actress reportedly commits suicide in Peru hotel Now On ‘GoT’ star Lena Headey fighting to keep son in U.K. Blac Chyna drops 15 pounds a week after giving birth Marilyn Monroe’s ‘Happy Birthday’ gown sells for $4.8M SEE ALL Video :40 Cop caught on camera sucker-punching woman More Stories pagesix 'Kimmy Schmidt' actress reportedly commits suicide in Peru hotel Now On Decider New Netflix Documentary Goes Deep On The Greatest X-Rated Movies Of All-Time nypost Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? New York Post Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Twitter Facebook Instagram Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2016 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
LIVE CHAT We're here to help. Would you like to chat now? Chat now X Not now
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Pooki’s Mahi’s Kona Coffee K-cups Takes Spotlight In Momma Cuisine’s Campaign Pooki’s Mahi’s Kona Coffee K-cups Takes Spotlight In Momma Cuisine’s Campaign Posted on September 6, 2016 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Silicon Valley startup Pooki’s Mahi guide to buying Kona coffee k-cups aims to educate customers on several factors when buying Kona coffee k-cups from online retailers; the definitive guide will launch in 2016 to Pooki’s Mahi’s custom k-cups and private label customers. Silicon Valley, CA (PRWEB) September 06, 2016 Silicon Valley startup of Kona coffee k-cups announced Momma Cuisine will show case Pooki’s Mahi’s guide to buying 100% Kona coffee k-cups from online retailers. Pooki’s Mahi’s guide is part of Momma Cuisine’s “Back to School” campaign aiming to educate customers on key factors. Pooki’s Mahi is one of eight featured content sponsors. The preview to Pooki’s Mahi’s definitive guide gives customers a high level over-view on 100% Kona coffee k-cups pricing, source of the Kona coffee beans, location of the k-cup manufacture, k-cup material and operations or supply chain analysis. Pooki’s Mahi’s comprehensive guide will launch in 2016 to Pooki’s Mahi’s custom k cups and private label Kona coffee k cups customers. Pooki’s Mahi’s guide to 100% Kona coffee k-cups is not a definitive guide to 100% Kona coffee. What Momma Cuisine customers and Pooki’s Mahi’s custom k-cups customers can expect: “Back to School” campaign runs from 8/22/2016 – 9/30/2016 Momma Cuisine campaign includes a school shoes giveaway. Overview to five factors to assess Kona coffee k-cups. Overview to Kona coffee grades and types. Learn what makes Pooki’s Mahi’s 100% Kona coffee k-cups different. Learn the cost of goods sold for designing and manufacturing luxury Kona coffee k-cups. Pooki’s Mahi aims to reach up to nine million Momma Cuisine’s social media users and gain additional brand influencers to expand the luxury brand of high end Kona coffee k-cups. Pooki’s Mahi merchandises all of its 100% Kona coffee k-cups on online retail platforms like Overstock, Walmart, Jet and Amazon. Detailed product information, photos and guidelines are provided for each Kona coffee k-cups. Some of the commission rate for most retail platforms is passed onto the buyer. Customers can learn more about Pooki’s Mahi’s Kona coffee k-cups by reading blogs, following Pooki’s Mahi on popular social media handles like Pinterest, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn. Pooki’s Mahi’s education series focuses on k cups, k-cup manufacturers for custom k cups, private label brands, supply chain management, launching products to market, new product introductions and partnering with brand influencers. “Pooki’s Mahi is collaborating with national cooking personality/TV host Johanna M. Cook and Momma Cuisine to expand Pooki’s Mahi’s brand through a Back to School campaign. Momma Cuisine continuously focuses on reaching and engaging target audience through multiple platforms: GEM Food Magazine, syndicated TV shows like Food Channel, iFood.TV, GMA Pinoy TV Network, social media and national live cooking tours and demos. Momma Cuisine’s 25 million impressions in 2015 is aligned with Pooki’s Mahi’s social media achievements,” explains Pooki’s Mahi’s Founder/CEO Les Magsalay-Zeller. For use in the Keurig® K-cup® Brewing system. Pooki's Mahi is not affiliated with Keurig, Inc. Keurig® and K-cup® are registered trademarks of Keurig, Inc. The Academy Awards® is a registered trademark of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences®. The Gift Suites where Pooki’s Mahi’s products are show cased are not authorized by and is not associated with the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences®, The Academy Awards®, or any of its official partners or vendors. About Momma’s Cuisine National cooking personality and host, Johanna M. Cook has been captivating audiences with Momma Cuisine for many years. The brand’s mission is to simply get families across America making Great Everyday Meals (GEM) with simple ingredients and basic cooking techniques. Momma Cuisine’s vision is to connect with their targeted consumer base of busy moms by providing exclusive across to the best of what brands can offer. Johanna’s warm and engaging personality has helped her become an internationally recognized cooking personality and host, as she regularly appears o live television. Momma Cuisine’s online cooking series, In The Kitch, which features interviews in the kitchen with nationally recognized celebrities, has garnered the attention of mainstream media. Momma Cuisine’s audience has become increasingly loyal and knowledgeable about the brand. About Pooki’s Mahi: Pooki’s Mahi is a Silicon Valley-based custom k cups manufacturer, private label distributor and etailer offering award-winning 100% Kona coffee Keurig k cups, 100% Hawaiian K-cups and 100% Kona Decaf K-cups at wholesale and bulk prices. Since its online launch in 2013, Pooki’s Mahi products have been a favorite of customers, charities, celebrities and athletes and have been featured at red carpet events including Celebrity Gift Suites and Celebrity Poker tournaments. The products have been endorsed by many celebrities and athletes and seen on several television shows. Pooki’s Mahi’s mission is to revolutionize the supply chain ecosystem in bringing the highest quality Kona coffees into the market in a sustainable format. Hawaiian coffees are harvested/roasted in Hawaii, cup manufactured in US and distributed to the several fulfillment centers in the US. For more information on Pooki’s Mahi selection of 100% Kona coffee k cups subscriptions visit http://www.pookismahi.com. To keep up with Pooki’s Mahi news and access special offers, join our email list and follow us on Facebook and Twitter (@pookismahi). Pooki’s Mahi has a zero tolerance stop cyber-bullying policy. Contact Information Pooki’s Mahi      support(at)pookismahi(dot)com ### For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/pookismahi/20160906/prweb13663767.htm Latest News FlightStats Becomes Official Source Of American Airlines Data Beverly Hills Facial Plastic Surgeon, Dr. Paul Nassif, is Now Offering Eyelid Surgeries Using the Latest Techniques UNCF Raises Funds for the Next Generation of Leaders at the Indianapolis Masked Ball This Thanksgiving, Eat Out or Order In and Help Fight World Hunger with Stop Hunger Now Woolpert Contracted to Rehabilitate and Protect Covered Bridges Nurse Mates Launches Align™ Corrective Lifestyle Footwear Collection HAI Group Acquires InspectUS Housing Inspection Software Comdata® Expands Services for Small Fleet Trucking Firms Comdata® Expands Services for Small Fleet Trucking Firms Beaumont Solar Expands and Opens New Office in Providence, Rhode Island to Service Local Customers and Meet Growing Solar Demand © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Best Credit Cards of 2016 Credit Cards Investing Banking Education Insurance Credit Cards Investing Banking Education Insurance × Best Credit Cards of 2016 Best Rewards Credit Cards of 2016 Best Cash Back Credit Cards for 2016 Best Prepaid Debit Cards of 2016 Best IRA Accounts of 2016 Best Online Stock Trading Brokers for 2016 Roth IRA vs 401k? You May Not Have to Choose Best Money Market Accounts for 2016 The Best High-Interest Savings Accounts Online for 2016 The Best Free Checking Account in 2016 Best Savings Account in 2016 How to Find the Best CD Rates in 2016 Affordable Online Bachelor's Degree Programs in 2016 Affordable Online Master's Degree Programs in 2016 Affordable Online MBA Programs in 2016 Why You Should Consider Trade School Instead of College Best Car Insurance Companies of 2016 Best Life Insurance Companies for 2016 The Best Home Insurance for 2016 Affordable Health Insurance Options in 2016 Best Credit Cards of 2016 Look for 2x or higher points and a big sign up bonus if you have great credit. If you don't, look for a card to help build your credit. by Michael Gardon Updated on 10.24.16 The best credit cards generally offer low interest rates, great perks, and no hidden fees. However, that doesn’t mean the “right” card is the same for each person. Because each credit card offer is as different as we are, the best card for your needs depends on your spending habits, credit score, and personal credit goals. Use this post as your guide to match up your needs with the benefits you desire most. Apply Now on Chase.com’s secure website But, if you want to avoid analysis paralysis, here’s the CliffsNotes version: According to our readers, the Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card is the single best credit card with the best rewards and perks for nearly every type of spender. How do we know? Because, over time, more of our readers have signed up for the Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card than any other rewards card we have seen. Add onto that the myriad feedback we receive on this card’s benefits, such as no foreign transaction fee and the flexibility of Chase’s Ultimate Rewards points, and it’s easy to see why the Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card is one of the top cards on the market. I can attest to its greatness as well. I have been writing about the credit card landscape for the last three years now, and this is the card I use for the bulk of my family’s everyday spending because I find the Chase Ultimate Rewards platform to be the most flexible for earning and redeeming travel. I even use the Ink Cash® Business Credit Card from Chase for my business as well to combine my business and personal Ultimate Rewards points to take my family of four on a free vacation. The Simple Dollar’s Top Picks for 2016 The best credit cards on the market come with plenty of perks that include things like cash back rewards, travel insurance, and price protection. They can also help you travel for free, or score heavily discounted travel perks. Other types of cards offer a lower interest rate, which can lead to huge savings over the long term. To help you get started, we created a list of our top cards in each of the main categories: Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card Best Travel Credit Card Chase Freedom® Best Cash Back Credit Card Discover it® Cashback Match™ Earn Double Points Your First Year Chase Slate® Best Balance Transfer Credit Card Southwest Rapid Rewards® Premier Credit Card Best Airline Credit Card Starwood Preferred Guest® Credit Card from American Express Best Hotel Credit Card Barclaycard Arrival Plus™ World Elite MasterCard® Best Sign-up Bonus for Travel How Should I Choose the Right Credit Card? While the Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card is the clear winner for my family, that doesn’t mean it’s the best card for yours. In reality, the best card for your needs depends on your spending style and personal credit goals. Below are a few scenarios to help you narrow down the right card for you. “I want free travel and perks.” Travel credit cards are notorious for their amazing perks and travel-related benefits. Not only can you earn points or miles good for free travel, but also many travel credit cards let you earn special status with a hotel or airline, and also let you transfer your points to numerous hotel and airline loyalty programs. What to look for: If travel is your number one goal, you’ll want a credit card that earns at least 2x points on travel, and has tons of flexibility, including allowing you to transfer points to hotel and airline loyalty programs. Also, many of the best travel credit cards offer additional travel benefits like trip cancellation coverage, primary and secondary auto rental coverage, and emergency travel assistance. Beware: Most travel cards have annual fees, which are well worth the price if you earn enough points each year to justify the fee. You will also need excellent credit for most top travel cards. Check out our picks for the top travel cards below. “I’m looking for the best sign-up bonus right now.” While it’s smart to think about the ongoing rewards you can earn, scoring a huge sign-up bonus doesn’t hurt, either. Fortunately, a ton of credit cards offer huge bonuses to people who are able to meet a minimum spending requirement within the first few months. While these sign-up bonuses can come in the form of cash back, you can also earn gift cards, airline miles, free hotel stays, and hotel points as well. What to look for: Credit card sign-up bonuses are often cyclical with a peak season generally in the summer months, although some top travel cards offer healthy bonuses all year round. Sign-up bonuses are highest on rewards cards and travel cards, but make sure the one-time bonus is worth it. Often the largest point bonuses are on hotel cards, which offer little long-term value unless you travel frequently or only stay at one hotel chain. If you only travel one to two times per year, you will probably not earn enough points to justify the annual fee. Beware: Since most cards with big bonuses come with a minimum spending requirement, you’ll need to make sure you can hit that requirement without hurting your finances. Also make sure the “bonus” you earn is something you can actually use. For example, a sign-up bonus made up of airline miles will only be useful if you plan to travel and can actually fly that airline. Check out our picks for the top cards with sign-up bonuses below. “I want to earn cash back on my spending.” Cash back credit cards let you earn cash back, statement credits, or gift cards for every purchase you make. The best credit cards allow you to accumulate two or more points per dollar or more. Cash back cards are great second credit cards to own and work best when paired with a more general 2x points per purchase rewards card. And since many cash back credit cards are also considered “beginner credit cards,” they offer a great opportunity to build credit while you earn rewards. What to look for: A cash back card is ideal when used as either your first credit card, or a complement to a higher-earning rewards card. Use cash back cards to maximize rewards on groceries, gas, and other categories where your rewards card might not earn bonus points. I use the Blue Cash Preferred Card® by American Express to earn 6% back on groceries for my family — up to $6,000 per year, for example. You also, generally do not need excellent credit like with a rewards card, but this can vary by issuer. Beware: Cash back cards often rotate their bonus categories on a quarterly schedule. This means that you might earn 5% back on gas for the first three months of the year, and then groceries in the second quarter. Also, despite the allure of high earnings, cash back cards often cap the points you can earn in a given quarter. Check out our picks for the top cash back cards below. “I need to reduce my interest rate.” One way to avoid high-interest credit card payments is to transfer your balance to a new credit card. When you do this, make sure it’s a credit card that will either accept your balance without charging a fee or offers a 0% introductory APR on balance transfers for over a year. This gives you time to pay off your large balance. What to look for: If you’re carrying credit card debt at a high interest rate, look for a card with a low interest rate or 0% introductory APR for anywhere between 12 to 21 months. Depending on how much you owe and your current rate, the interest you save could add up quick. And when you’re not paying huge interest payments every month, you may be able to get out of debt faster. Beware: Most 0% introductory APR cards carry a fee for transferring your balance to the new card. This fee is usually between 3% and 5% of your total balance. The Chase Slate® card waives this fee if the balance is transferred within 60 days from a non-Chase credit card. Check out our picks for the top balance transfer cards below. “I need to build credit.” Building credit is an important step in your financial journey, and using a credit card responsibly is the quickest way to build credit. However, when you do not have credit history, it can be difficult to obtain a card. There are two types of credit cards for building credit: unsecured and secured. Most credit cards are unsecured and do not require a cash deposit to use. A secured credit card is needed in more extreme circumstances where you need to “secure” your line of credit by depositing a cash amount equal to what you want to borrow. What to look for: If your goal is building credit, rewards should take a back seat for the time being. Instead of looking for the top rewards credit cards, you should home in on cards geared to people with poor or evolving credit. If you can, you’ll want to get an unsecured credit card that doesn’t require a deposit. Beware: You might have to apply for a secured credit card if your credit score is extremely low or if your credit history is limited. With a secured credit card, you would need to deposit $200-$500 with the credit card company in order to receive a $200-$500 line of credit. This sounds like a big barrier, but with a few months of on-time payments, you can reasonably expect to have the deposit requirement lifted. Read our reviews for Best Credit Cards for Average Credit, Best Credit Cards for Bad Credit, and Best Student Credit Cards to find one that’s right for you. “I don’t know what I need.” If you’re still unsure which type of card would benefit you the most, browsing them all can help you compare and contrast. Take a look at our credit card database below. Best Travel Credit Cards Best Flexible Travel Credit Card Apply Now on Chase's secure website Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card Highlights The Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card gets high marks for both its earning structure and its flexibility. With this card, you’ll earn 2x points per dollar spent on travel and dining and 1x points for all other purchases. The points you earn accrue in the Chase Ultimate Rewards program, which is one of the largest and most flexible rewards platforms available. With this program, you can redeem your points for cash back or gift cards at a rate of one cent per point (50,000 points = $500), use them to book any type of travel through the Chase Ultimate Rewards portal with a 20% discount, or transfer your points to popular loyalty programs like Southwest Airlines, British Airways Executive Club, United MileagePlus Explorer, Marriott, Ritz-Carlton, Hyatt, and IHG Rewards. Read our full review of this card here. Who Should Get The Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card: Frequent travelers who want flexibility in how they use their points People who spend a lot on dining and travel Anyone who travels with Chase travel partners frequently How to Use It: Pair this card with a co-branded hotel or airline travel card in the Chase portfolio to earn even more points. Use your card for all dining and travel purchases to earn 2x points for every dollar you spend. Shop through the Chase shopping portal to rack up points even faster. Best Airline Credit Card Apply Now on Southwest Airlines' secure website Southwest Rapid Rewards® Premier Credit Card Highlights The best airline credit card depends on a variety of factors including which airports you fly out of, but if Southwest Airlines is an option for you, the Southwest Rapid Rewards® Premier Credit Card is the best airline credit card for domestic travel and travel to the Caribbean. With this card, you’ll earn 2x points on all Southwest® purchases plus 1x points for every other purchase you make. As an added bonus, you can earn even more points by clicking through the Southwest shopping portal before buying anything online or by booking hotels and rental cars with Southwest. The Southwest Rapid Rewards program comes with no blackout dates, which makes this card an even better option. Since you can book any seat on any flight, you never have to worry about finding award availability on the flight you want. And, your first two checked bags are also free on any Southwest Airlines flight, so you’ll be saving yourself that expense too. Read our full review of this card here. Who Should Get the Southwest Rapid Rewards® Premier Credit Card: Anyone who can fly with Southwest Airlines Someone who wants to travel within the US and to the Caribbean People who hate searching for award availability How to Use It: Pair this card with the Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card in order to rack up even more miles. Use your card for all Southwest Airlines purchases in order to rack up more points. Use the Southwest shopping portal to earn even more points on purchases, hotel stays, and car rentals. Best Hotel Credit Card Apply Now on Starwood's secure website Starwood Preferred Guest® Credit Card from American Express Highlights While the best hotel credit card for your needs depends largely on where you travel, the Starwood Preferred Guest® Credit Card from American Express gets high marks for hotel and resort options, award availability, and its ongoing perks. With this card, you’ll earn up to 5x points per dollar spent at eligible Starwood properties and 1x points on all other purchases. The annual fee is waived the first year, and the signup bonus alone can be worth several free nights in one of Starwood’s lower tier properties. If Starwood hotels are available in the areas you’re planning to travel, then this is a win-win. Read our full review of this card here. Who Should Get the Starwood Preferred Guest® Credit Card from American Express: Anyone who wants to earn free hotel stays at Starwood Preferred Guest properties Someone who wants a sign-up bonus worth a few free nights People who want the option to book properties with points and cash How to Use It: Rack up starpoints, then transfer them to your favorite airline transfer partners. Use your card for regular purchases to earn more points over time. Use “points and cash” when you book to stretch your points out even further. Want to compare even more travel credit cards? Check out our in-depth reviews of the Best Travel Credit Cards, Best Hotel Credit Cards, and Best Airline Credit Cards. Best Sign-up Bonus Right Now Best Flexible Sign-up Bonus Apply Now on Chase's secure website Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card Highlights We hate to be repetitive, but the Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card really does offer the best flexible sign-up bonus on the market. With this card’s 50,000-point bonus, you can redeem those points for $625 in travel, or transfer them to airline or hotel loyalty programs. For comparison, a hotel card like IHG Rewards might offer an 80,000-point sign-up bonus, but that can only be used at IHG hotels and select partners, which severely limits your options. Because these points are flexible, your sign-up bonus can look however you want it to look. And since this card’s annual fee is waived the first year, you can try this card out without paying a cent. Read our full review of this card here. Who Should Get the Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card: Someone who wants points redeemable for travel or cash back People who want a huge sign-up bonus Anyone who is able to spend $4,000 on their card within three months How to Use It: Pair this card with a co-branded hotel or airline travel card in the Chase portfolio to earn even more points. Use your card for all dining and travel purchases to earn 2x points for every dollar you spend. Shop through the Chase shopping portal to rack up points even faster. Best Sign-Up Bonus for Travel Apply Now on Barclaycard's secure website Barclaycard Arrival Plus™ World Elite MasterCard® Highlights If you’re interested in a sign-up bonus that is geared specifically for travel, look no further than the Barclaycard Arrival Plus™ World Elite MasterCard®. With this card, you’ll earn a huge bonus with hundreds of dollars in travel. Plus, you’ll earn 2x points for every dollar you spend in any category, all year long. And since this comes in the form of a “travel credit,” you can use your bonus for any type of travel with no fear of blackout dates or capacity controls. Use your card to book any hotel stay or a flight with any airline, and then redeem your points to cover the purchase. It’s as simple as that. Read our full review of this card here. Who Should Get the Barclaycard Arrival Plus™ World Elite MasterCard®: Someone who wants flexible rewards good for travel Someone who dislikes searching for award availability A person who isn’t loyal to a specific airline or hotel chain How to Use It: Use your card for all of your everyday purchases to earn 2x points for every dollar you spend. Earn the huge sign-up bonus and then book any travel experience of your choosing. Try this card’s benefits for “free” the first year since the annual fee is waived. Want to compare even more credit cards with sign-up bonuses? Check out our in-depth review of Best Credit Card Sign-up Bonus Offers. Best Cash Back Credit Cards Best Cash Back Card with Rotating Bonus Categories Apply Now on Chase's secure website Chase Freedom® Highlights If you’re looking for a card that lets you earn up to 5x points for every dollar you spend, look no further than the Chase Freedom®. With this card in your wallet, you’ll earn 5x points on your first $1,500 spent in categories such as retail, gas, or groceries that rotate every quarter. In addition, you’ll earn 1x points for every dollar you spend elsewhere — all of this with no annual fee. With any card that offers cash back on purchases with rotating categories, it’s important to get the one that matches your spending habits at the places you shop frequently in order to reap all of the rewards. Keep in mind that Chase doesn’t count purchases at Target and Walmart, so if you’re a frequent shopper there, you may be better off with the Discover it® Cashback Match™. Read our full review of this card here. Who Should Get the Chase Freedom®: Someone who wants to score up to 5% back in rotating categories Anyone who also has the Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card People who don’t like paying annual fees How to Use It: Pair it with the Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card for additional travel options and the ability to transfer points. Max out 5% bonus categories when it makes sense. Use your card for all of your purchases to earn more points over time. Earn Double Points Your First Year Apply Now on Discover's secure website Discover it® Cashback Match™ Highlights The Discover it® Cashback Match™ is similar to the Chase Freedom®, but its first-year benefits set it apart. Discover not only offers 5x points on your first $1,500 spent in rotating categories and 1x points on all other purchases, also for no annual fee, but also matches your first-year earnings at the end of 12 months. So, in the categories where you already earn a cool 5% back, you’ll actually end up earning 10%! While all that’s great, you’ll ultimately want to make sure that the spending categories line up with your shopping habits. Keep in mind Discover isn’t accepted at as many places as Visa, so the Chase Freedom® may be the better choice for you. Read our full review of this card here. Who Should Get the Discover it® Cashback Match™: Someone who doesn’t want to pay an annual fee Anyone who wants to earn up to 10% back over the course of a year Someone who is looking for one general card to meet all their basic needs How to Use It: Maximize 5% categories to earn 10% back once your bonus doubles. Use your card for all of your everyday spending to maximize rewards. Shop through the Discover shopping portal to rack up rewards even faster. Want to compare even more cash back credit cards? Check out our in-depth review of the Best Cash Back Credit Cards. Best Balance Transfer Credit Cards Best Balance Transfer Credit Card with a No Fee Option Apply Now on Chase's secure website Chase Slate® Highlights If you’re looking for a balance transfer credit card that charges minimal fees, the Chase Slate® should be at the top of your list. With this card, you’ll get a 0% introductory APR on transferred balances for a full 15 months. Better yet, if you transfer your balance within the first 60 days, you won’t be charged a balance transfer fee. Since this card doesn’t charge an annual fee either, you can save a chunk of money on interest by transferring your balance without getting loaded down with charges. Keep in mind though, you can only transfer balances from a non-Chase card. Read our full review of this card here. Who Should Get the Chase Slate®: Anyone with high interest credit card debt People who don’t want to pay an annual fee Anyone who wants to avoid balance transfer fees How to Use It: Transfer your high interest balances within the first 60 days to avoid balance transfer fees. Pay down your debt as quickly as you can, preferably within the 15-month 0% introductory offer. Keep your card open to build credit. Best Balance Transfer Credit Card with Rewards Apply Now on Discover's secure website Discover it® Cashback Match™ Highlights While the Discover it® Cashback Match™ is known for its amazing cash back benefits, this card is equally good as a balance transfer card. Once you sign up, you’ll get a 0% introductory APR for a full 18 months. If you have high-interest credit card debt, getting a 0% introductory APR for 18 months can save you a bundle and help you get out of debt faster. On the downside, you will pay a 3% balance transfer fee on the amount you transfer over. As an added bonus, this card also offers 1% to 5% cash back on purchases and a 0% introductory APR on purchases for the first six months. Plus, you’ll never pay an annual fee. Who Should Get the Discover it® Cashback Match™: Anyone who has credit card debt People who want to earn cash back on each purchase they make Someone who doesn’t want to pay an annual fee How to Use It: Transfer your high interest credit card debt to the card right away. Pay off your debts as quickly as you can, preferably within the 18-month 0% APR introductory offer. Use your card for purchases to earn rewards, but be careful of interest on new purchases. Want to compare even more balance transfer credit cards? Check out our in-depth review of the Best Balance Transfer Credit Cards. Additional Credit Card Research If you’re looking for any easy way to compare cards, check out our search tool below: Loading Credit Card Database Sort By Common Filters Search Do you know of a card that is not in our directory? Suggest a Card Here Did You Know? How to Make The Right Credit Card Work For You When used correctly, credit cards are powerful tools to help manage cash flow, and “earn” on your everyday spending. However, used improperly, credit cards can wreak havoc on your finances. Below are a few tips to make sure you get the most out of your credit card. Research your rewards program I can’t tell you how many times I have heard people complain about having trouble redeeming airline miles. The thing is, with a bit of research ahead of time, they would already know that airline miles are incredibly difficult to redeem, especially during peak travel times and within a few months of departure. This is where it pays to educate yourself. If you plan to sign up for a card that is tied to a specific program, such as an airline or hotel chain, you should first have an idea of what you would want to redeem your points for — and if it’s even possible. If you don’t want to be tied down to a specific rewards currency, you can also opt for a cash back card or one that offers flexible rewards. One good option is the Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card. Don’t Be Afraid to Get Multiple Cards A huge misconception in the world of credit cards is that it is bad for your credit to have more than one or two cards. Because a large percentage of your credit score is based on your balance-to-limit ratio, having a large credit limit spread over several cards and a zero balance can actually be better for your credit score than just having a few cards. Meanwhile, carrying more than one card can also help you leverage the different benefits and perks that different types of rewards cards have to offer. For example, you could get a hotel card for free hotel stays and a cash-back card to help you pay for the gas to get to your destination. Always treat your credit card like cash In order to maximize rewards without getting in trouble, you need to treat your credit card like cash. This means only spending amounts you have incoming each month, and not a penny more. The quickest way to enter the credit card downward spiral is to use a credit card to make a large purchase you cannot afford. If you don’t have the cash to pay for something, don’t use credit as an excuse to justify the purchase. Only charge what you can afford to pay off each month — period. Cash In on Hidden Benefits Although the best credit cards offer a slew of obvious benefits including cash back and travel rewards, many offer a handful of hidden perks that aren’t always advertised. You might have to dig deeper to find them, but these “extras” can truly come in handy. If used correctly, they can even help you save money, travel safer, and protect yourself from undue risk. Here are a few credit card benefits not everyone knows about, and some information on how each one works: Benefit #1: Zero Liability Although consumer liability for fraudulent purchases made on credit is limited to $50, the best cards take that protection a step further and offer zero liability for transactions you didn’t make. If your card is lost or stolen, or if a random charge appears on your bill, you won’t be liable if you report it immediately. Benefit #2: No Foreign Transaction Fees Many of the best credit cards on the market charge a foreign transaction fee equal to 3% of your purchase for charges made overseas. However, some waive this fee altogether — a feature that can help you save when you travel out of the country. Benefit #3: Rental Car Coverage If you rent cars frequently, you have probably already checked to make sure your personal auto policy provides this type of coverage. However, it’s also important to check with your credit card as well. While some cards only offer a secondary Collision Damage Waiver (CDW), others offer expensive primary auto rental coverage as a free perk to cardholders. Benefit #4: A Free FICO Score Although you can pay to get your FICO score at any time, several of the top rewards cards offer a free FICO score on your monthly statement or bill. This can save you the expense of paying to see your credit score, while also helping you monitor fluctuations in your score over time. Benefit #5: Emergency Travel Assistance If you find yourself in a bind, it is possible your card issuer could help. That’s because many of the best rewards cards offer emergency travel assistance for individuals traveling at least 100 miles from home. Perks include helping find lost luggage to booking alternative travel plans. Benefit #6: Free Travel Insurance Although benefits vary, several of the top rewards cards offer trip delay or trip cancellation insurance that will reimburse you if your itinerary is changed due to issues beyond your control. This type of insurance is most often used when a trip is canceled due to the unexpected death of a family member, an accident occurs, or a natural disaster puts travel plans on the back burner. Benefit #7: Extended Warranties Many of the top cards offer extended warranties that kick in if something goes wrong outside of a qualified item’s traditional one-year manufacturer’s warranty. Depending on the circumstances, this type of coverage usually reimburses you or sends you a replacement. Benefit #8: Price Protection Some cards offer price protection, which will pay you the difference on a large-ticket item if it goes on sale shortly after you purchase it. The most popular program is Citi’s Price Rewind. With Citi’s service, you will be automatically reimbursed for the price difference if any large item you buy and register is found at a lower price within 60 days. Benefit #9: Roadside Assistance If you have a credit card that offers roadside assistance and you experience a breakdown, all you need to do is call the number on the back of your card. You’ll be charged a flat fee depending on what type of service you require, but at least you won’t be left at the mercy of your local tow truck company. Benefit #10 Access to Cash While not common, some credit cards give you access to cash at the register similar to your debit card. For example, with Discover’s Cash Over program, you can request cash back at the register and avoid a trip to the ATM — and without paying any fees. This benefit is only available at participating stores. The Bottom Line The very best credit card for you depends on your circumstances, spending habits, and personal financial goals. While credit cards have gotten a bad rap over the years, their myriad benefits make them worth considering if you’re able to avoid the allure of overspending. If you’ve gotten this far, you’ve learned how to select a great card from thousands of possibilities. You have also learned some basics for using credit cards, seen some pitfalls to avoid, and have been exposed to many hidden benefits credit card pros have been exploiting for years. Now it’s up to you to use your card responsibly, and make sure your card is another tool in your financial tool belt. Loading Disqus Comments ... Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Google+. Loading Facebook Comments ... Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Facebook. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Advertiser Disclosure CLOSE Your Personal Financial Toolkit Manage your money IRA Accounts Online Brokers Free Checking Account Savings Accounts Tax Software Free Tax Software Plan for your future Mortgage Rates Auto loans Debt Payoff Calculator Protect your investments Auto Insurance Home Insurance Renter’s Insurance Cheap Car Insurance Credit Monitoring Services Optimize your spending Credit Cards Rewards Credit Cards Travel Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Hotel Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Balance Transfer Business Credit Cards Credit Cards for Students Credit Cards for Bad Credit Get the new e-book, 202 Ways to Save Money Now, for free! Just sign up to The Simple Dollar Daily and start saving today. Find Schools That Fit You Three easy steps and we’ll connect you to our online education partner that matches your needs. Select a Degree Level Select a Category Select a Subject Sponsored schools About The Simple Dollar Contact Careers © 2016 TheSimpleDollar.com Privacy Terms of Service Advertiser Disclosure Advertising Disclosure: TheSimpleDollar.com has an advertising relationship with some of the offers included on this page. However, the rankings and listings of our reviews, tools and all other content are based on objective analysis. For more information and a complete list of our advertising partners, please check out our full Advertising Disclosure. TheSimpleDollar.com strives to keep its information accurate and up to date. The information in our reviews could be different from what you find when visiting a financial institution, service provider or a specific product's website. All products are presented without warranty. Top Buffer Diggit Email More Facebook Flattr Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Print Reddit Stumble tumblr Twitter VK WhatsApp Yummly Xing Friend's Email Message  http://www.thesimpledollar.com/best-credit-cards/ Send
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscribe now Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Haze68° FULL FORECASTHaze68° FULL FORECAST Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Macdill Trump White House could boost Tampa defense industry, experts say US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Here's why Toys "R" Us is all about Tampa Bay right now Trump taps Sen. Sessions for attorney general, Rep. Pompeo for head of CIA Polk County inmate located, arrested after stealing county truck, fleeing from jobsite Largo proposes moratorium proposed on marijuana dispensaries Trump's pick for national security adviser brings experience and controversy News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana State Roundup After Trump meeting, Scott says 'I'm staying in Florida' Top News Trump taps Sen. Sessions for attorney general, Rep. Pompeo for head of CIA Trump's pick for national security adviser brings experience and controversy Obama gathers key Europe leaders amid questions about Trump (w/video) Treasure Island voters speak loudly on redevelopment measures The Clinton team blames Comey for election loss; Trump team is doing him no favors. Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Evan Longoria Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More Lightning Strikes Assessing Lightning's prospects with Stamkos out about 4 months Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News Lightning tops Sabres Assessing Lightning's prospects with Stamkos out about 4 months Role reversals for Clearwater's Jarius Williams and Adarius Lemons Fennelly: It's impossible not to feel bad for Steven Stamkos Deal set to dismiss domestic assault case against Johnny Manziel Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2016 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Florida Lighted drones dazzle the night sky over Disney in new holiday show (w/video) Top News Five ideas for pears: chips, crostini, soup and more From the food editor: Four not-so-traditional dessert ideas for Thanksgiving dinner Nine stuffing recipes for apples, squash and your Thanksgiving turkey 5 things to do under $5: Sand sculptors on Treasure Island, free ferry rides, CraftArt Festival Iberian Rooster brings Portuguese street food to downtown St. Petersburg starting Friday Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Corcoran's strong reforms for the Florida House Top Opinion Editorial: Bill Law's strong record at SPC Henderson: Sitting out on any race shouldn't be an election option Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Water Tampa and Cuba, once Cold War enemies, now work together to save the ocean Top News Welcome to McDonald's! May I take your order ... and bring it to your table? Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Elderly St. Petersburg man beaten with his own walker in Walmart parking lot Times staff Tampa Bay Times Tuesday, September 6, 2016 6:29pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged ST. PETERSBURG Related News/Archive Elderly man 'driving erratically' dies in St. Petersburg crash 3 Months Ago Man dies after losing control of his motorcycle in St. Petersburg 6 Months Ago Police report murder-suicide of elderly St. Petersburg couple 6 Months Ago Man robbed, beaten in Walmart parking lot A man in his 60s was beaten with his own walker in a Walmart parking lot Friday afternoon, according to St. Petersburg police. The 66-year-old man had been walking toward the store at 201 34th St. N when a man in his late 20s or early 30s approached, police said. The younger man asked for the time of day. It was 1:04 p.m. The younger man then put the older man in a choke hold, threw him to the pavement, punched him and, police said, even beat the older man with his own walker. The younger man took the victim's wallet and other items, then ran to a blue Dodge Durango, police said. A witness reported that its license plate may begin with "GKA." The black man, who was wearing dark clothing, was taller than 6 feet, according to police, and weighed about 190 to 210 pounds. Anyone with information about this incident is asked to call police at (727) 893-7780. Times staff Elderly St. Petersburg man beaten with his own walker in Walmart parking lot 09/06/16 [Last modified: Tuesday, September 6, 2016 10:28pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2016 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Sign up for Daystarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Purchase photos Reprints and licensing Online store Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2016 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright

Talk Business & Politics you're viewing Statewide change region Central Arkansas Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith area Save Statewide Name Menu Microsites Finance Energy Startup Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Close Business Politics Video / Podcasts Advertise Contact Us Community Member stories Create an account Submit a blog post Close Fort Smith Regional Airport enplanements down almost 5% through July by Aric Mitchell. Published Sep 6th, 2016 2:24 pm aric.mitchell@gmail.com / @tbarkansas Fort Smith Regional Airport enplanements were down for the first seven months of 2016 by close to 5% compared to the same period in 2015. But for Airport Director John Parker, the number is not yet cause for concern. Parker said the airport experiences “fluctuations on an annual basis and within the year, every year is different.” “You’ll have a strong spring the year before, then weaker numbers the following year during that same season and that will reflect as an early decline in numbers overall, whereas you might have a strong winter to bring you back to what you anticipated the year previous,” Parker told Talk Business & Politics. The airport’s enplanements were 49,801 for the first seven months of 2016, down 4.97% compared to the same period last year. July enplanements totaled 8,208, up 8.65% compared to July 2015. Enplanements totaled 86,704 in 2015, down 7.1% compared to 2014. The 2014 traffic was 92,869, the first time the airport had topped the 90,000 mark since 2007. Still, there is no sign at present, Parker said, of a downward trend starting to develop. “It’s hard to say what’s driving those numbers unless you have significant events. For example, you may have a very, very large Wal-Mart stockholders meeting, and that might drive XNA, but also our location. That was the case either last year or the year previous. We saw higher numbers. With the volume of people coming in, they used a number of airports around the region, and an event like that one could have seen traffic going into Tulsa or Springfield as well.” Parker added: “Our numbers are a little less than 5% (down) at this point, and that could be recovered very easily in the coming months. Being down now — we don’t know if that will be a continuing trend or a recovering trend since last month’s (July) enplanements were up. It may be up-trending by the end of the year.” Fort Smith Regional is the state’s third largest commercial airport behind Bill & Hillary Clinton National Airport and Northwest Arkansas Regional Airport (XNA). For the first seven months of 2016, Clinton National saw a 1.42% increase in traffic with 579,137 enplanements versus 571,002 during the same period in 2015. However, July numbers were down 4.03% with 92,447 enplanements versus 96,327 in July 2015. July enplanements at XNA totaled 63,463, up 1.36% compared to July 2015. Year-to-date, XNA reported 380,143, up just 0.75% compared to the same period in 2015. However, the 2015 enplanements set a new record at 647,530. XNA’s first full year of traffic was 1999, and the airport posted eight consecutive years of enplanement gains before seeing a decline in 2008. During the same period, Fort Smith went from 108,072 enplanements in 1999 to below 100,000 in 2001. In the 15 years since, 2005 was the only other year Fort Smith broke the six-figure barrier with 102,607 enplanements. Talk Business & Politics reached out to several travel agencies to get their take on the down numbers for Fort Smith, but in most cases, received no response. Carlson Wagonlit/DeramusTravel returned calls but declined comment. Author Bio: See latest posts Comments 0shares Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Opinion Ruth Whitney Volunteering should be part of the business plan Michael Tilley Riff Raff: A Veterans Day remembrance Justin Allen Marijuana and the constitutionality of ‘Shall means shall’ Randy Zook Issue 3 will mean jobs for Arkansas Michael Tilley Riff Raff: 3 concerns with Issue 3 Special Sections Home Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Magazine Opinion © 2015 Talk Business & Politics. All Rights Reserved
null
Home News News Tips Local News More TV6 News Political Page Election Results Illinois Iowa National International Fran Riley Features Traffic Conditions Traffic Cameras Entertainment News KWQC News App TV6 Text Video Watch Now Special Reports Top Video Full Newscasts Get a Copy of a Newscast NBC Portal BiteSizeTV Weather Straight To Six Almanac Closings Submit Closing Current Conditions Forecast KWQC Skycams Quad City Area River Levels Radar Satellite SatRad Weather Alerts Traffic Conditions Illinois Road Conditions Iowa Road Conditions QCWeather App Weather Blog Special Reports Sports Highlight Zone Highlight Zone Facebook Olympics Rio 2016 NCAA Tournament John Deere Classic Bix 7 Race Illinois Sports Headlines Iowa Sports Headlines Donia Daily Rose Bowl Paula Sands Live Submit Idea/Event Facebook Paula Sands Live Extra Recipes Recipe Archive PSL Bios Paula Sands Aubrey Jackson Choirs of Christmas 2015 Choirs of Christmas 2014 Deals Jobs Community Ascentra Making Cents – Tips Made in the QCA Midday Medical Dangerous Deficit: A Study In Sleep QC Tough Jobs Highlight Zone John Deere Classic Bix 7 Race Festival of Trees Parade Liam’s Long Journey Home I Heart Mom What’s in a name? More Meet The TV6 Team TV6 Job Openings Sign up for Email Alerts Sign up for Text Alerts History of KWQC Contact Us Contests Programs TV Listings QCA Gas Prices Viewer Photo Studio Tours 62° F Overcast Hi: 64° F Lo: 56° F Forecast Radar Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News News Tips Local News More TV6 News Political Page Election Results Illinois Iowa National International Fran Riley Features Traffic Conditions Traffic Cameras Entertainment News KWQC News App TV6 Text Featured: Bettendorf Davenport Moline Rock Island Latest Headlines Kansas mother fatally shot, week-old baby reported missing Updated: 5 mins ago WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — Authorities are searching for a missing week-old baby after her mother was found fatally shot in Wichita, Kansas. The W… Autopsy: Man shot self in Alabama police station Updated: 5 mins ago SELMA, Ala. (AP) — A preliminary autopsy shows that an Alabama man who died of a gunshot inside Selma’s police station shot himself to death… Hunt on for spelling-challenged bank robber in Massachusetts Updated: 13 mins ago Iowa City man dies in motorcycle crash near Lone Tree Updated: 6 mins ago Poland’s former president to be reburied following autopsy Updated: 26 mins ago Video Watch Now Special Reports Top Video Full Newscasts Get a Copy of a Newscast NBC Portal BiteSizeTV Weather Weather Straight To Six Almanac Closings Submit Closing Current Conditions Forecast KWQC Skycams Quad City Area River Levels Radar Satellite SatRad Weather Alerts Traffic Conditions Illinois Road Conditions Iowa Road Conditions QCWeather App Weather Blog Special Reports Current Conditions 62° F Overcast Feels Like: 62° F Wind: S 20 Humidity: 62% Dewpoint: 49° F Sunrise: 6:55 AM Sunset: 4:39 PM Forecast Radar Webcams Currently Sponsored by: Sports Highlight Zone Highlight Zone Facebook Olympics Rio 2016 NCAA Tournament John Deere Classic Bix 7 Race Illinois Sports Headlines Iowa Sports Headlines Donia Daily Rose Bowl Paula Sands Live Submit Idea/Event Facebook Paula Sands Live Extra Recipes Recipe Archive PSL Bios Paula Sands Aubrey Jackson Choirs of Christmas 2015 Choirs of Christmas 2014 Deals Jobs Community Ascentra Making Cents – Tips Made in the QCA Midday Medical Dangerous Deficit: A Study In Sleep QC Tough Jobs Highlight Zone John Deere Classic Bix 7 Race Festival of Trees Parade Liam’s Long Journey Home I Heart Mom What’s in a name? More Meet The TV6 Team TV6 Job Openings Sign up for Email Alerts Sign up for Text Alerts History of KWQC Contact Us Contests Programs TV Listings QCA Gas Prices Viewer Photo Studio Tours Search for: Search the site 62° F Overcast Hi: 64° F Lo: 56° F Walmart project in Rock Island falls through-Mayor comments By Marcia Lense and Ashley Davis Published: September 6, 2016, 3:22 pm Updated: October 20, 2016, 2:12 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) FILE - This May 28, 2013 file photo shows a sign outside a Wal-mart store in Duarte, Calif. Wal-Mart will stop selling the AR-15 rifle and other semi-automatic weapons at its stores because fewer people are buying them, a spokesman said Wednesday, Aug. 26, 2015. (AP Photo/Damian Dovarganes, File) Related Coverage Rock Island Walmart project seeks another extension Wheels still turning on Rock Island Walmart project UPDATE:  Mayor Dennis Pauley tells TV-6 that representatives with Walmart scheduled a meeting Tuesday afternoon and told him the project site fully met their needs and had nothing to do with the site or the city. “The issue is they reevaluated a lot of sites looking to go to, and this site did not meet their financial viability for the future, so they decided not to build the store,” Pauley said. He says they had no indication of a problem two days before the deadline on the project extension. “My reaction is we know we threw over $600,000 in the site we’ve been told all along they were going to build a store. We didn’t have any indication other than we are going to build a store. As for the next step, Pauley says, “We will now start what we are going to start figuring out what to do with the site and hopefully recruit someone else to be on the site.” ROCK ISLAND, Ill. (KWQC) – After years of work, it appears the development project to bring a new Walmart store has fallen apart. A news release was issued by the company Tues. Sept. 6, 2016 says “After much deliberation and consideration of various business factors, we have decided not to pursue development of a new store in Rock Island, IL at this time. The statement goes on to say, “We commend the visionary leadership of Mayor Pauley and the City Council and the work they have done to create a business friendly climate in Rock Island that encourages continued growth and investment in the city. We appreciate their support as we have worked through the conceptualization and complexities of a potential commercial development. We remain committed to serving our customers throughout the Quad Cities and look forward to continuing to innovate our services and invest in improving our existing stores throughout the region.” Stay tuned to KWQC-TV-6 and KWQC.com for reaction and further updates. Timeline to Walmart project based on KWQC archives: 11/19/12 – City Leaders commit to buying up property to build the Walmart .City leaders say they’ve been negotiating with Walmart for nearly a year. Will bring 400 jobs. 12/03/12- City council begins selling all the properties to a company representing Walmart- ‘price properties’. The sale of the properties would generate $4.5 Million for Rock Island to revitalize area. 3/8/13 – 11TH Street groundbreaking for the Walmart. Construction expected to be done by the end of the year. 4/15/14- Mayor Pauley says plans to build the Walmart are still on track. Construction expected to begin in the Fall. City set aside $15 Million for the project. 7/28/14- Watchtower Demo begins. Construction for Walmart still to begin in the fall. 4/13/15- Pauley tells Mark Stevens the city can now focus on getting a signed deal with Walmart. 6/3/15- Alderman Schipp says there was a private meeting with city manager and economic director- both told him Walmart wouldn’t make a decision about coming to Rock Island until August. 10/2/15 – Mayor Pauley announces Walmart will be coming to the city. Pauley shows signed contract at press conference as proof. 10/6/15 – City Leaders vote to sell land to Walmart 3/17/16 Mayor Pauley shows sketches of what new Walmart will look like. He still says it will be 400 jobs. $1.4 Million a year in sales tax. 4/13/16- Walmart Rep makes an appearance at city council meeting to talk about the size of the store, parking etc. Says formal proposal has yet to be signed. 5/6/16- Walmart rep says the company has not completed due diligence on the project and told the city it would extend the feasibility period. Extended 90 days. 5/10/16- Walmart soil testing as part of its due diligence. 7/25/16- Walmart requests another delay. 30 days.   Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts Rock Island mayor will not seek re-election; two candidates announce campaign Rock Island Mayor Pauley not running for re-election. Rock Island city council accepts city manager’s resignition Rock Island names Randy Tweet interim city manager through spring election Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on KWQC.com Get A Copy Of A Newscast June 9, 2015 If you are looking for a copy of a story or an entire newscast you saw on KWQC-TV, Universal Information Services is taking over the workloa… Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KWQC.com © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Young Broadcasting of Davenport, Inc. An indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Media General, Inc. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Home News Weather Sports PSL Station KWQC History River Levels Straight To Six Viewer Photo Submit Closing Info Contests Business Contact Us FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Media General Terms of Use Privacy Policy Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
syracuse.com Menu Home News Weather Crime & Safety Syracuse University News Obituaries Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Living Photos Videos Real Estate Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Site Index Feedback Membership Follow Us Classifieds Back to Main Menu News Home Local News New York State U.S. & World Politics & Elections Business Auto News CNY Schools & Colleges Syracuse University News CNY Traffic Data & Statistics Health & Science Lottery Obits Back to Main Menu City of Syracuse North Suburbs & Oswego County East Suburbs & Madison County West Suburbs & Cayuga County Syracuse University News Back to Main Menu Politics & Elections Home Local & New York State Back to Main Menu Business Home Store Front Destiny USA News Destiny USA Shopping Company News Business Events CNY Gas Prices Back to Main Menu Schools & Colleges Home CNY Proms CNY Graduations Back to Main Menu Health Home Science & Technology Hydrofracking Environmental Onondaga Lake Cleanup Back to Main Menu Weather Home School & Event Closures Back to Main Menu Crime News Police Blotter Reported Crimes City of Syracuse North Suburbs & Oswego County East Suburbs & Madison County West Suburbs & Cayuga County Back to Main Menu Syracuse & CNY Obits Upstate NY Obits 2016 Celebrity Obits 2016 Sports Obits Back to Main Menu Sports Home Orange Basketball Orange Football Orange Lacrosse Orange Women Sports Orange Sports Buffalo Bills College Sports Minor League Sports Bud Poliquin Brent Axe High School Sports CNY Road Races CNY Outdoors Scoreboards Pro Sports CNY & Pro Golf Motorsports TV Schedule Back to Main Menu Syracuse Chiefs Syracuse Crunch Syracuse Silver Knights Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL NY Sports Back to Main Menu High School Home Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Girls Swimming Field Hockey Girls Tennis Girls Gymnastics Boys Golf Competitive Cheer Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Hockey Baseball Softball Wrestling Boys Swimming Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Tennis Girls Ice Hockey Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Golf Boys Gymnastics Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Girls Skiing Boys Skiing Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home CNY Restaurants Movies News CNY Events Calendar Destiny USA Events CNY Music Scene CNY Arts & Theater CNY Festivals CNY Tickets on Sale Television News New York State Fair Celebrity News Back to Main Menu CNY Restaurants Home Drinks & Bars Best Restaurants Destiny USA Restaurants Back to Main Menu Opinion Home Editorial Board Your Opinions Columnists InterFaith Works Opinions Back to Main Menu Editorial Board Opinions Editorial Board Standards Back to Main Menu Bud Poliquin Back to Main Menu Living Home Homes Food Restaurants Cooking Drinks & Bars CNY Vintage Empire Magazine Tourism & Travel CNY Pets CNY Proms CNY Graduations CNY Celebration Announcements Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Home & Real Estate News Homes for Sale Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Back to Main Menu Photos Home Photo Essays Buy Photo Reprints Your Photos Back to Main Menu Videos Home News Videos Orange Football Videos Orange Basketball Videos High School Sports Videos Living Videos Back to Main Menu Real Estate Home Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home & Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages & Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Jobs Real Estate For Rent Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search syracuse.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to syracuse.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Classifieds Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales comments NY worker used govt credit card for limo rides to Walmart, Darien Lake, IG says Print Email Teri Weaver | tweaver@nyup.com By Teri Weaver | tweaver@nyup.com The Post-Standard Email the author | Follow on Twitter on September 06, 2016 at 4:04 PM, updated September 06, 2016 at 4:25 PM comments   A former state worker was charged today with putting more than $16,500 on a New York-issued credit card to pay for limousine trips to Walmart, family visits to Darien Lake and the cost of renewing his own wedding vows in Niagara Falls. Donald L. Chrisman, 46, formerly of Niagara Falls and now living on Almay Road in Rochester, was charged with third-degree grand larceny, a felony, and official misconduct, a misdemeanor, according to the office of state Inspector General Catherine Leahy Scott. Scott's office found that Chrisman made at least 249 unapproved personal transactions during the summer of 2015. The limo charges alone added up to more than $4,000, according to her office. Chrisman had worked for the New York State Office for People with Developmental Disabilities as a peer advocate. He worked there from Aug. 7, 2003, to February 2016. As a peer advocate, his responsibilities included providing guidance to and advocating for people with developmental disabilities. He was assigned a state credit card for travel expenses as part of his work-related duties, according to Scott's office. Chrisman was arraigned in the town of Brighton Court and released. His next court appearance is scheduled for Sept. 19. This summer's big fight in Rochester-area Walmart More New York News NY State Lottery: Daily winning numbers Politics & Elections: Central NY and Albany Active Discussions Most Read About Us Advertise with us Jobs at Syracuse Media Group Contact Us Photo and Page Reprints Newspaper Archives Frequently Asked Questions Subscriptions The Post-Standard ePost-Standard Email Newsletters syracuse.com Sections News Weather Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on syracuse.com Videos Photos Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Syracuse Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Syracuse Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home News Featured News Columns Front-Page Flashback Out & About Garden Spot Outdoor Adventure Hand in Hand with Elayne Monday’s Warm Cocoa Clerk’s Corner Tech Guru Critter Chatter A Student’s View Museum Memories Matters of Faith Financial Focus Non-Active Columns The Hamilton Papers Movie Reviews Homefront Pioneer Prose In Good Health Blast from the Past The Chopping Block Children’s Justice Center From the Heart Over the Fence Editor’s Notebook Horse Whisperer Family Ties Obits Hometown Sports Sports Feature Articles From the Sidelines Sports Wrap Announcements Weddings Anniversaries Babies Birthdays Missionaries Military Bulletin Board Notes of Appreciation Honors, Awards & Graduations Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Send Letter to Editor Community News School News Special Sections Christmas Writing Photo Gallery Archive Events Subscribe Classifieds Browse Ads Search Ads Place Ad About Us Who We Are Our Staff Media Kit Request a Quote Contact Us Support Extras Tell Me a Story Our Picks Poetry Make One Great Dish Book Reviews Moments in Time Strange But True Short Stories Amazon Store Kindle Store Links Weather (No Ratings Yet) Loading... TTB Webmaster No comments yet Obits 308 Views Related Robert Joseph Wielatz Peggy Anne Meyer Death Notice: Bonny Robinson September 6, 2016 David James Brown On the morning of Sept. 2, 2016, David passed away surrounded by his family at his home in Tooele, Utah after a courageous battle with cancer. David was born on Feb. 22, 1946, in Mount Moriah, Michigan to Hubert and Zelma Brown. He was the fifth child of nine. David graduated from Wahtonka High in The Dalles, Oregon in 1964 where he met the love of his life, Donna. He was a dedicated craftsman who worked with concrete in the construction industry from which he retired. He couldn’t stay busy being retired once he completed all of the upgrades to the inside and outside of his home (which included lots of concrete), so he went back to work part-time at Walmart in Tooele, Utah. David loved to go camping, fishing and bowling; he almost bowled that elusive 300 game on several occasions. He also enjoyed playing cards with his family and friends whenever possible. There weren’t too many people who could cook quite like him, and he liked to cook for family and friends. During the holiday season, he spent months every year preparing numerous types of candy, mostly chocolate for his loved ones (The Candyman can). He was preceded in death by his father Hubert, his mother Zelma and his brother Randall. He is survived by his loving wife of 52 years, Donna; his daughters Debbie (Louie) Morrow and Darsie (Tom) Pulliam; as well as nine grandchildren and four great-grandchildren. He is also survived by four brothers, Ronnie Brown, Conrad Brown, Russell Brown and Stephen Brown; three sisters, Tessie Koester, Linda Brown and Betty Brown and numerous nieces and nephews. Because of his quick and contagious smile, the sparkle in his eyes, his quick wit and work ethic, most of the people he worked with over the years also became his extended family. There will be a gathering held on Sunday, Sept. 11, 2016 at the Vista House in Corbett, Oregon for all who want to attend. Share Post Tweet 0 Comments Recommended Robert Joseph Wielatz Peggy Anne Meyer Death Notice: Bonny Robinson Death Notice: Robert Wielatz Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Events Calendar Local Weather For more weather including 7 and 10 day forecasts click HERE. Menu Featured News Hometown Sports Columns Classifieds Obits Links Amazon Store Kindle Store Who We Are Contact Us Request a Quote Send Letter to Editor Help & Support Contact Us Toll Free: (866) 721-9992 Local: (435) 882-0050 Fax: (435) 882-6123 Email: tbp@tooeletranscript.com Hours of Operation Monday – Friday: 8:30 am - 5:30 pm Closed Sat. & Sun. Who We Are At the Tooele Transcript Bulletin, we provide up-to-date news and advertising for Tooele County, Utah. Founded in 1894, our twice-weekly newspaper has been serving readers and the community for nearly 120 years. In addition to the newspaper, we provide a broad range of print, digital and strategy services. Our parent company, Transcript Bulletin Publishing, has in-house graphic designers, photographers, writers, pressmen and technicians that create cool stuff, from print pieces and websites, to signs and graphics. Want your business or organization to be seen in a fresh and exciting way — without busting your budget? We can help. Visit our website at www.tbpublishing.com ArticlesArticles Select Category A Student’s View Anniversaries Babies Birthdays Blast from the Past Book Reviews Breaking News Bulletin Board Children’s Justice Center Christmas Writing Clerk’s Corner Community News Critter Chatter Editor’s Notebook Editorials Family Ties Featured News Financial Focus From the Heart From the Sidelines Front-Page Flashback Garden Spot Hand in Hand with Elayne Homefront Hometown Honors, Awards & Graduations Horse Whisperer In Good Health Letters to the Editor Make One Great Dish Matters of Faith MIlitary Missionaries Moments in Time Monday’s Warm Cocoa Movie Reviews Museum Memories Notes of Appreciation Obits Op-Eds Our Picks Out & About Outdoor Adventure Over the Fence Photo Gallery Photos of the Month Pioneer Prose Poetry School News Short Stories Sports Sports Wrap Strange But True Tech Guru Tell Me a Story The Chopping Block The Hamilton Papers Uncategorized Weddings Archives Archives Select Month November 2016  (161) October 2016  (235) September 2016  (247) August 2016  (257) July 2016  (230) June 2016  (256) May 2016  (247) April 2016  (228) March 2016  (270) February 2016  (222) January 2016  (214) December 2015  (250) November 2015  (207) October 2015  (259) September 2015  (251) August 2015  (259) July 2015  (260) June 2015  (257) May 2015  (240) April 2015  (268) March 2015  (276) February 2015  (229) January 2015  (241) December 2014  (304) November 2014  (241) October 2014  (289) September 2014  (294) August 2014  (252) July 2014  (316) June 2014  (282) May 2014  (292) April 2014  (292) March 2014  (272) February 2014  (259) January 2014  (272) December 2013  (258) November 2013  (253) October 2013  (323) September 2013  (246) August 2013  (298) July 2013  (293) June 2013  (265) May 2013  (316) April 2013  (318) March 2013  (287) February 2013  (259) January 2013  (306) December 2012  (285) November 2012  (276) October 2012  (294) September 2012  (89) August 2012  (37) July 2012  (37) June 2012  (18) May 2012  (19) April 2012  (246) March 2012  (300) February 2012  (250) January 2012  (13) December 2011  (29) November 2011  (15) October 2011  (9) September 2011  (11) August 2011  (13) July 2011  (9) June 2011  (17) May 2011  (12) April 2011  (8) March 2011  (11) February 2011  (12) January 2011  (13) December 2010  (9) November 2010  (10) October 2010  (12) September 2010  (11) August 2010  (12) July 2010  (9) June 2010  (10) May 2010  (9) April 2010  (9) March 2010  (6) February 2010  (4) January 2010  (6) December 2009  (9) November 2009  (6) October 2009  (8) September 2009  (71) August 2009  (7) July 2009  (8) June 2009  (3) May 2009  (6) April 2009  (1) March 2009  (2) February 2009  (2) January 2009  (3) December 2008  (4) November 2008  (4) October 2008  (7) September 2008  (3) August 2008  (4) July 2008  (6) June 2008  (4) May 2008  (4) April 2008  (7) March 2008  (5) February 2008  (5) January 2008  (4) December 2007  (5) November 2007  (4) October 2007  (2) September 2007  (6) August 2007  (1) May 2005  (276) April 2005  (310) March 2005  (323) February 2005  (101) Designed, constructed and managed by Transcript Bulletin Publishing, Tooele, UT ©
    Home | About | Archives | Sponsorship | Contact Us | Submit / Suggest            Whole Foods Market Welcomes Three New Global Vice Presidents by Whole Foods Market® Posted: Tuesday, September 6, 2016 at 3:32PM EDT AUSTIN, Texas - Whole Foods Market today welcomes three new global vice presidents. Sonya Gafsi Oblisk, Global Vice President of Marketing, Martin Tracey, Global Vice President of Team Member Services, and Brooke Buchanan, Global Vice President of Communications, joined their respective teams today. “We are thrilled to welcome Sonya, Martin and Brooke to our senior leadership team,” said Walter Robb, co-CEO of Whole Foods Market. “They are accomplished leaders who bring deep retail and consumer experience, valuable perspective on both internal and external communications strategy and will play an integral role in supporting the company’s culture of innovation and team member empowerment as we continue to grow and evolve.” Sonya Gafsi Oblisk As Global Vice President of Marketing, Sonya Gafsi Oblisk will lead the company’s marketing, advertising and brand development efforts, including digital, brand marketing and customer relationship strategies. Oblisk brings more than 15 years of experience in retail, consumer products and affinity marketing, including an eight-year tenure at Wal-Mart where she most recently served as Vice President of Marketing for Sam’s Club. Martin Tracey As Global Vice President of Team Member Services (HR), Martin Tracey will have strategic responsibilities for the end-to-end team member experience including recruitment, compensation and benefits, talent analytics, learning and development and payroll operations for more than 87,000 team members. In his most recent role at Starbucks, Tracey was responsible for leadership development, talent analytics, and organizational development as Chief Talent Officer and Vice President of People Development. Brooke Buchanan As Global Vice President of Communications, Brooke Buchanan will lead Whole Foods Market’s public relations, internal communications and government affairs efforts. Buchanan has previously served as Vice President of Communications for Theranos, Vice President of Public Relations for Williams-Sonoma and held multiple senior positions at Wal-Mart. Prior to her corporate experience, she spent over eight years in political and government communications. The new vice presidents are based at the company’s headquarters in Austin, Texas. About Whole Foods Market® Founded in 1978 in Austin, Texas, Whole Foods Market (wholefoodsmarket.com, NASDAQ:WFM), is the leading natural and organic food retailer. As America’s first national certified organic grocer, Whole Foods Market was named “America’s Healthiest Grocery Store” by Health magazine. The company's motto, “Whole Foods, Whole People, Whole Planet”™ captures its mission to ensure customer satisfaction and health, team member excellence and happiness, enhanced shareholder value, community support and environmental improvement. Thanks to the company’s more than 87,000 team members, Whole Foods Market has been ranked as one of the “100 Best Companies to Work For” in America by FORTUNE magazine for 19 consecutive years. In fiscal year 2015, the company had sales of more than $15.4 billion and currently has more than 455 stores in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom. For more company news and information, please visit media.wfm.com. Source: Whole Foods Market® Print Article Send Article Respond Permalink Share Article   del.icio.us   Facebook   Newsvine   LinkedIn   Reddit   StumbleUpon   Twitter Bakery  Dairy  Deli  Floral   Meat & Poultry  Produce  Seafood  Retail & Foodsvc             Got News? Send your latest press releases and announcements to RetailPR@PerishableNews.com © 2016 Phoenix Media Network Inc., All Rights Reserved
Dumas Police Report August 29-September 4 Sgt. James N. Jordan� August 29, 2016 1. 400 S. Dumas Ave. � Traffic/Narcotics -Conducted traffic stop in the 400 block of S. Dumas Ave on a white Tahoe for improper turn. During a pat down of passenger Jesus Tavarez, officer Located Marijuana concealed in his left shoe. Jesus was arrested for Poss. of Marijuana <2oz and booked into MCDC. The driver was issued a warning for the traffic violation. 2. 1300 S. Meredith � Accident - Dispatched to the above location in reference to an mva. Unit 2, a silver 2010 Dodge Caravan, was traveling sb through the intersection of E. 13th St. and S. Meredith. Unit 1, a grey 2004 Dodge Ram, was traveling eb on the 200 block of E. 13th St. Unit 1 FYROW - Intersection which resulted in striking Unit 2, FC to RBQ causing minor damage. No injuries. 3. 400 N. Dumas Ave. � Accident - Dispatched to 4th and Dumas Ave in reference to a minor accident. It was found that a Maroon 2006 Dodge Charger was unable to stop and struck a 2004 white Dodge truck in the rear. The charger was towed by Packs. No injury. August 30, 2016 1. 500 Pine � Burglary of a Habitation - Dispatched to above location. Found a window had been broken and used for entry. Several items missing including ID's SS"s, TV, PlayStation and several high end purses. 2. 200 E. 1st � Disturbance/Warrant Service - Dispatched to above location for a verbal altercation, between 2 subjects, Vicente Lopez was found to have county warrants and booked into jail. 3. 1800 E. 1st � Fire Call - Dispatched to the above in reference to a possible fire in the attic. Arrived and found smoke coming from the vents, all residents and neighbors were evacuated. Fire Dept. determined the cause of the smoke to be the heater overheating, no fire found. 4. 1300 S. Dumas Ave. � Disturbance - Dispatched to above in reference to a fight in progress, believed to be juveniles. Unable to locate juveniles or vehicles described by dispatch. 5. 300 Zauk � Poss. Gunshots - Dispatched to above in reference to possible gun shots fired. Officers were in the area at time of call and were unable to hear gunshots or locate anyone. August 31, 2016 1. 1400 Guylane Plaza � Disturbance/Criminal Trespass - Dispatched to above reference a criminal trespass. Arrived at location and met with managers who stated that an individual who attempted to steal a beer from the store earlier had returned and they wished him trespassed. Officers issued the subject a criminal trespass warning. 2. 700 S. Bliss � Warrant Service - Dispatched reference wanted subject at EOC. Jerry Rodriguez arrested for Dumas Municipal Warrants: 83850 Poss. Drug Paraphernalia, 84503 Poss. Drug Paraphernalia, 84023 Violate Promise to Appear, 84065 Poss. Drug Paraphernalia 3. 402 W. 12th St. � Warrant Service - Warrant service on Edgar Nevarez for US Marshall Warrant # C773647473 Probation Violation: Alien Smuggling. 4. 200 E. 7th � Accident - A white 2016 Buick Enclave backed, without safety, from a parking space in the 200 block of east 7th, traveled south east and struck a 2011 Ford Crown Victoria that was west bound in the same block. No injury. 5. 200 Cherry � Warrant Service - Daniel Huerta was arrested for warrant CR-14-1056 JP DWLI. 6. 2003 S. Dumas Ave. � Disturbance - Dispatched to the above location in reference a suspicious male subject walking around the business approaching customers, possibly under the Influence of alcohol or drugs. Upon arrival, contact was made with a male subject found to be intoxicated. The subject was given an opportunity to contact a relative to pick him up. He was picked up shortly after and escorted off the premises. 7. Elm � Public Intoxication -Dispatched to the above location in reference to a male subject without a shirt, wearing blue jeans, approaching vehicles, flagging them down. Officer canvassed the area and observed a male subject matching the description, found to be Shelby Cook. Shelby was found to be intoxicated. Due to the nature of call and Officers previous contact with Shelby at Wal- Mart, Shelby was found to be a danger to himself and others. He was arrested and transported to Moore Co Jail for PI. 8. 2003 S. Dumas Ave. � Criminal Mischief/Public Intoxication. - Dispatched to above on subject trying to get into vehicles. Arrived at location was advised that the subject was just Walking into the south entry of Wal-Mart. Officers made contact with subject later identified as Pedro Orozco and through investigation it was found that Pedro had driven a maroon passenger car to Dumas from Amarillo and had broken down a few miles South of Dumas. County units were asked to go check on the vehicle and it was found to be stolen out of Amarillo. Pedro was arrested and booked into MCDC for Criminal Mischief >100<750 and public intoxication. September 01, 2016 1. 200 Binkley � Disturbance - Received a report of a juvenile being chased by a subject with a knife. Contact was made with a 12 year old who advised she was walking home when she was approached by a white male, with long hair wearing a red long sleeved shirt and blue jeans, who chased her attempting to get her to inside a gray four door car. The car was described a gray four door with Monster Energy "M" decals in the back, and damage to the rear of the vehicle. The vehicle was occupied by three other subjects. The driver was described as a possible black male wearing a dark, possibly blue hat. The area was canvassed for this vehicle. The vehicle was not located. CID was notified and a BOLO was sent out through dispatch. 2. 1200 Durrett � Criminal Mischief - Dispatched to the above location in reference to a criminal mischief to a vehicle. Upon arrival, contact was made with the complainant and it was learned that unknown subjects from approximately 2300 to TOC, on 08/31/16 to 09/01/16, had busted out the windows to Michael's 2004 Jeep Wrangler. Also damaged were windows to a 2006 Ford Motor Home parked on the property. Officers were later dispatched to 1113 Durrett, in reference to a criminal mischief to a vehicle. It was learned that the back window to a GMC Envoy was shattered out. 3. 1200 E. 1st � Accident -A gray 2010 Ford Focus was west in the parking lot of 1202 east 1st. A gray 2012 Chevrolet Malibu backed without safety, traveled south from a parking space, and struck the Focus. No injury. 4. 100 N. Maddox � Accident/Hit and Run � The complainant stated an unknown vehicle struck his 1994 blue Chevrolet step side pickup during the previous night or early morning hours. The pickup was partially on the sidewalk in front of 115 N Maddox. Damage was to the left rear and quarter panel of the pickup. 5. 700 S. Dumas Ave. � Reckless Driver - Dispatched to the above area in reference to a semi-truck, with cattle trailer, driving recklessly. Officer located the vehicle traveling NB. Officer did not find the semi driving recklessly. Complainant did not wish contact. 6. 1100 E. 1st � Accident - Driver of Unit 2, 1993 green Mercury Cougar, was driving EB, in the outside line. Driver of Unit 1, silver 2007 Lexus, was driving EB in the outside lane. Driver of Unit 1 changed lanes when unsafe, causing Unit 1's RP to strike Unit 2's LFQ. 7. 600 Binkley � Reckless Driver - Dispatched to the above location in reference to a reckless driver in a white Cadillac SUV. Checked the area and was unable to locate vehicle. September 02, 2016 1. 400 S. Maddox � Accident - A maroon Honda Accord was south in the 400 block of south Maddox and approaching the intersection of 5th and south Maddox, inside lane. A blue full size van 2007 Ford was slightly in front of the Honda. The van moved into the turning lane and then moved back toward the inside lane (without safety) and struck the Honda. No injury. 2. 1800 S. Dumas Ave. � Accident - A black 2016 Toyota Scion was north in the 1800 block of south Dumas, outside lane. A gray 2016 Ford Focus was in the inside lane next to the Scion. The Scion changed lanes when unsafe and struck the Focus. No injury. 3. 1600 S. Meredith � Disturbance - Dispatched to the above in reference to a verbal domestic disturbance. Arrived and spoke with the complainant who advised that she had an argument with her daughter, and husband about them drinking in front of the kids. Everything was found to be okay. 4. 1600 S. Bliss � Loud Music - Dispatched to the above in reference to loud music. Arrived and canvassed the area, located the music at 1515 S Bliss. Spoke to the resident and the music was turned down. 5. 100 E. 14th � Traffic/Narcotics/Warrant Service - Traffic stop initiated on a maroon 2005 Chevy Silverado for a traffic violation. Officers made contact with Baldomero Zavala Garcia and Selena Hernandez. Further investigation revealed Hernandez was wanted for a TDCJ Parole violation warrant and Methamphetamine and Marijuana were located in the vehicle. Selena was booked into the MCSO Jail for the TCJD Parole Violation Warrant #1608. Baldomero was booked into the MCSO Jail for Possession of Marijuana <2 oz. and Poss. Controlled Substance Analogue PG 1 >=4G <200G. 6. 400 W. 5th � Disturbance � Investigation revealed a male and female subject had been involved in a verbal altercation. The male subject had left the scene before officers arrived. 7. N 5th St. � Reckless Driver - Dispatched to the area of the above in reference to a reckless driver on a motorcycle. Area canvassed UTL. September 03, 2016 1. 1600 S. Dumas Ave. � Warrant Service - Dispatched to the above location in reference to a possible trespass. Made contact with Clayton Rodriguez who was found to have 2 county warrants. Clayton was arrested and booked into Jail without incident. 2. 100 Elm � Loud Music - Dispatched to above in reference to loud music. Music was turned down before officer�s arrival. 3. 1300 Bennett � Check Suspicious - Dispatched to above in reference to a suspicious vehicle. Located the vehicle outside of the residence parked legally out in the street next to the curb. Unable to locate owners of vehicle. Everything seemed to be ok. Nothing further at this time. 4. 600 Miller � Public Intoxication/Criminal Trespass � Officers dispatched to a fight in progress. Investigation revealed Jose Gutierrez was intoxicated and refused to leave the property when requested by the homeowner. Gutierrez was issued a Criminal Trespass warning and arrested and booked in the Moore County Jail for Public Intoxication. 5. 700 E. 1st � Disturbance - Dispatched to the above location in reference to unknown person banging on the door of this residence. The area was canvassed and nothing suspicious was observed. Complainant did not wish contact. Nothing further. September 04, 2016 1. 300 W. 17th � Loud Music - Dispatched to the above in reference to loud music coming from a gray Nissan Titan parked in the parking lot. Arrived and located a vehicle matching that description. Made contact with the driver and advised him to turn the music down, he complied. 2. 300 E. 12th � Theft - Dispatched to the above in reference to a theft. arrived and made contact with the complainant, who advised that at an unknown time during the past 2 days, a 5 gallon can of gas and a cordless drill valued at approximately $85 was taken from the front porch of his residence. 3. 300 S. Bliss � Welfare Check - Dispatched to the above in reference to a welfare check of a woman who had been sitting at the bus station since 0430. Arrived and spoke with the woman who advised she had bought a ticket for the following morning so she was just waiting. 4. 400 Elm � Loud Music - Dispatched to the above in reference to loud music located somewhere in the 400 block of Pine and Elm. Arrived and canvassed the area, was unable to locate. 5. 403 N. Dumas Ave. � Theft - Dispatched to the above location in reference to a gas drive-off. The subject obtained $59.64 worth of gasoline and left without paying. 6. 1900 S. Dumas � Check Suspicious - Dispatched to the above location in reference to a male subject sleeping in the stairwell. Made contact mad with the suspect who advised he was traveling through town and was just getting some sleep. Procedural checks for wants/warrants were run with negative returns. The subject was advised to leave the premises. Nothing further. 7. 700 Oak � Loud Music - Dispatched to above in reference to loud music from a vehicle. Unable to locate the vehicle. Nothing further at this time. � Dumas Police Department { Magazine Software by bulletlink.com }
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Business Sports Packers Opinion Go 920! Life Outdoors Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home News Business Sports Packers Opinion Go 920! Life Outdoors Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Social Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 582 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest The Buzz: CherryBerry closes So long, fro-yo. Last self-serve frozen yogurt shop closes in Appleton. Post to Facebook The Buzz: CherryBerry closes So long, fro-yo. Last self-serve frozen yogurt shop closes in Appleton.   Check out this story on postcrescent.com: http://post.cr/2c5d5Tz {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 4 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. The Buzz: CherryBerry closes Maureen Wallenfang , USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin 2:38 p.m. CDT September 6, 2016 Buy Photo CherryBerry has closed at 3525 E. Calumet St. in Appleton. (Photo: Maureen Wallenfang/USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin)Buy Photo CherryBerry Self-Serve Yogurt Bar closed after just a few days notice to its fans via Facebook. It announced the closure late Friday afternoon and its last day in business was Monday. The greater Appleton area now has no dedicated self-serve frozen yogurt shops. This CherryBerry at 3525 E. Calumet St., in the strip mall west of Walmart, was the first fro-yo shop to open three years ago. At the peak of their popularity, there were two CherryBerry locations, Orange Leaf Frozen Yogurt in Grand Chute and Forever Yogurt in the Fox River Mall. All are now gone. RELATED: CherryBerry closes in Grand Chute (Nov.2015) RELATED: Read more about local businesses in The Buzz. The Oshkosh CherryBerry also closed Monday at 1810 Jackson St. Both locations had been owned by franchisee Jason Madsen, who did not return a call asking for comment. If you’re stuck with a plastic credit card-type CherryBerry gift card, it’s usable at other locations. See the list at cherryberryyogurtbar.com. The nearest one in Wisconsin is now in Beaver Dam. Maureen Wallenfang: 920-993-7116, or mwallenfang@postcrescent.com; on Twitter @wallenfang 582 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://post.cr/2c5d5Tz
Local News Sports Living Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists Elections 2016 PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Local Deals Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Local Ads Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Apartments Legals Garner Cleveland Record September 6, 2016 3:18 PM Crime notes: Sept. 7 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Garner arrests ▪  Aug. 26, 5:15 p.m., David Allen Melton, 34, of 812 Highway 11, Kinston, was charged with larceny, assault with a deadly weapon and failure to appear in court on charges of larceny and communicating threats. ▪  Aug. 26, 10:30 p.m., Joshua David Goodson, 24, of 259 Genoa Lane, Clayton, was charged with possession of marijuana greater than 1/2 to 1 1/2 ounces. ▪  Aug. 28, 4:30 p.m., Dina Marie Willis, 49, of 2714 Cleveland Road, Smithfield, was charged with habitual larceny. ▪  Aug. 28, 11:30 p.m., Gerald Wayne Pearce II, 42, of 3882 N.C. Highway 210, Smithfield, was charged with violating a domestic violence protective order. ▪  Aug. 29, 4:23 a.m., Christopher Dale Tate, 26, of 7417 Flint Hill Road, Sophia, N.C., was charged with breaking a coin or currency machine, resisting a public officer and misdemanor larceny. ▪  Aug. 30, 11:41 a.m., Aasiyah Ben Yisrael, 21, of 5121 Bedell St., Apt. 301, Raleigh, was charged with felony possession of marijuana. ▪  Aug. 30, 4 p.m., Shanika Latrice Jones, 24, of 4802 Cutstone Court, Raleigh, was charged with hit and run failure to stop after inflicting property damage. ▪  Aug. 31, 11:30 a.m., Parker Jordan Creech, 23, of 114 Harper St., Garner, was charged with assault on a female. ▪  Aug. 31, 6:25 p.m., Sean Rainer Delamore, 51, of 116 Chalcedony St., Garner, was charged with drunken driving. ▪  Aug. 31, 9:05 p.m., Michael Bryant Parker, 40, of 1420 S. Wilmington St., Raleigh, was charged with second-degree trespassing and being intoxicated and disruptive. ▪  Sept. 1, 11:40 a.m., James Jonathan Bannister, 22, of 3901 S. Wilmington St. Apt. 334, Raleigh, was charged with larceny by an employee. Garner incidents ▪  Aug. 26, 5:07 a.m., someone reported they were assaulted at a restaurant in the 3600 block of Benson Road. ▪  Aug. 26, 7:22 a.m., Keystone Automotive reported a larceny of catalytic converters from the parking lot of their business in the 1500 block of Waterfield Drive. ▪  Aug. 26, 8:42 a.m., employees at Calatlantic Homes reported a burglary at one of their construction sites in the 200 block of Pecan Drive. ▪  Aug. 26, 9:06 a.m., employees at Home Depot in the 2500 block of Timber Drive reported someone had obtained property by false pretense. ▪  Aug. 26, 9:37 a.m., someone reported they had power drills stolen from their car in a parking lot in the 100 block of Bluefield Drive. ▪  Aug. 26, 9:47 a.m., someone reported their purse was stolen from their car at a gas station in the 1500 block of U.S. 70 West. ▪  Aug. 26, 11:29 a.m., someone reported a fraud incident in the 1500 block of Kelly Road. ▪  Aug. 26, 5:15 p.m., an employee at Home Depot reported they were assaulted and a shoplifting incident at their store in the 2500 block of Timber Drive. The case was cleared by arrest. ▪  Aug. 26, 9:50 p.m., police responded to a drug offense in the 1500 block of Mechanical Boulevard. The case was cleared by arrest. ▪  Aug. 26, 9:50 p.m., police responded to a drunken driving incident in the 3500 block of Vandora Springs Road. The case was cleared by arrest. ▪  Aug. 27, 1:54 p.m., someone reported their wallet and $54 in cash stolen from the 2500 block of Timber Drive East. ▪  Aug. 27, 3:59 a.m., someone reported they had $30 in cash stolen from them in a Walmart in the 4500 block of Fayetteville Road. ▪  Aug. 27, 2:38 p.m., someone reported their license plate was stolen off their car in a parking lot in the 2600 block of Timber Drive. ▪  Aug. 28, 4:01 p.m., someone reported their tools were stolen from a residential property in the 100 block of Creech Road. ▪  Aug. 28, 4:09 p.m., employees at Burlington Coat Factory in the 1200 block of Timber Drive East reported someone shoplifting from their store. ▪  Aug. 28, 7:59 p.m., someone reported their purse and vehicle registration stolen from their car in the 900 block of Buffaloe Road. ▪  Aug. 29, 4:23 a.m., American Pride Car Wash reported someone stealing from a coin machine. Police reported them resisting arrest. The case was cleared by arrest. ▪  Aug. 29, 7:14 a.m., someone reported they had $1,800 worth of tools stolen from their home in the 200 block of Lane of Sir Kay. ▪  Aug. 29, 9:37 a.m., someone reported a burglary at their home in the 100 block of Ashlyn Ridge Drive. ▪  Aug. 29, 3:14 p.m., employees at Kohl’s in the 100 block of Shenstone Boulevartd reported someone stole clothes from their store. ▪  Aug. 29, 6:20 p.m., someone reported forgery at their home in the 900 block of Curtiss Drive. ▪  Aug. 29, 11:02 p.m., someone reported they were assaulted at their home in the 9000 block of Mustard Seed Lane. ▪  Aug. 30, 10 a.m., Cabela’s reported one of their employees embezzled money from their store in the 200 block of Cabela Drive. ▪  Aug. 30, 12:46 p.m., police reported a drug offense on a street in the 4500 block of Fayetteville Road. ▪  Aug. 30, 2:13 p.m., State Employees Credit Union reported a credit card fraud at Walmart in the 4500 block of Fayetteville Road. ▪  Aug. 30, 2:19 p.m., employees at Target in the 1000 block of Timber Drive reported someone stealing sunglasses from their store. The case was cleared by arrest. ▪  Aug. 30, 4:39 p.m., someone reported their purse was stolen from a medical facility in the 4400 block of Tharrington Road. ▪  Aug. 30, 5:23 p.m., someone reported a credit card fraud at a gas station in the 7900 block of Fayetteville Road. ▪  Aug. 31, 5:02 a.m., four victims reported they had items stolen from their car in the 800 Calico Creek Drive. ▪  Aug. 31, 8:17 a.m., Timber Landing Business Center in the 1800 block of Aversboro Road reported one of their employees embezzled money from the business. ▪  Aug. 31, 8:17 a.m., someone reported their watch and money was stolen from their car in the 100 block of Oakton Ridge Place. ▪  Aug. 31, 8:24 a.m., someone reported their truck stolen from a residence in the 600 block of November Street. ▪  Aug. 31, 9:03 a.m., someone reported their license plate was stolen off their car at their home in the 7900 block of Independent Court. ▪  Aug. 31, 9:09 a.m., someone reported their book bag stolen out of their car in the 300 block of Tensaw Court. ▪  Aug. 31, 10:13 a.m., someone reported they were assaulted at their home in the 100 block of Harper Street. The case was cleared by arrest. ▪  Aug. 31, 10:31 a.m., someone reported their truck was stolen from their home in the 300 block of Foley Drive. ▪  Aug. 31, 2:53 p.m., someone reported their car was broken into and $3 in cash stolen in a parking lot in the 900 block of Bryan Place. ▪  Aug. 31, 3:02 p.m., someone reported a burglary, theft and vandalism to their home in the 5200 block of Woodtrent Drive. Silver coins and gun ammunition were stolen from the home. ▪  Aug. 31, 5 p.m., someone reported a burglary at their home in the 5200 block of Woodtrent Drive. ▪  Aug. 31, 5:15 p.m., employees at Best Buy in the 100 block Shenstone Boulevard reported a cellphone stolen from their store. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Garner Cleveland Record Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:21 Does race play a part in the challenge to Durham vote count? Pause 5:14 McCrory: 'We're going to check everything' 0:57 Speaker Paul Ryan describes 'draining the swamp' 3:07 So what can Trump actually do in his first 100 days? 1:31 Watch Cam Newton and Panthers coach Ron Rivera react to Luke Kuechly injury 1:14 Hunter Elementary students harvest greens for families in need 1:40 Do you live in one of America's unhealthiest states? 3:51 Durham County board to hold hearing on election protest 2:38 Roy Cooper addresses supporters claiming victory over incumbent Governor Pat McCrory 11:10 Pulse nightclub shooter calls 911 part 2 of 2 (Warning: explicit language) Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 7 days ago Veterans experience the weddings they never had 1:59 7 days ago Veterans experience the weddings they never had 1:45 7 days ago The heart and soul of Garner Football 4:00 24 days ago Scotty McCreery – “In Color” View more video Garner Cleveland Record High school football players rally around ‘Dec Man,’ their inspirational manager – Nagem Show slated for GPAC heading to Raleigh instead Johnston options land for new jail Local firefighters join battle against NC mountain wildfires Principals named to River Bend Middle and Wakelon Elementary Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Skip to main content Advanced Search Home News Breaking News News By Subject Agriculture Archaeology Atmospheric Science Biology Business & Economics Chemistry & Physics Earth Science Education Mathematics Medicine & Health Policy & Ethics Social & Behavioral Space & Planetary Tech & Engineering Science Business News Grants, Awards, Books Languages Nachrichten in Deutsch Noticias en Español Nouvelles en Français Notícias em Português 日本語のニュース Portals Climate Change Cancer Research Marine Science   E-mail Newsletter Breaking News Science Business News Grants Awards Books E-mail Newsletter RSS Feeds Agriculture Archaeology Atmospheric Science Biology Business & Economics Chemistry & Physics Earth Science Education Mathematics Medicine & Health Policy & Ethics Social & Behavior Space & Planetary Tech & Engineering Nachrichten in Deutsch Noticias en Español Nouvelles en Français Notícias em Português 日本語のニュース Multimedia All multimedia Images Video Audio Search multimedia All Multimedia Search Multimedia Images Video Audio Meetings Meeting Announcements Meetings Calendar Featured Meeting: 252nd American Chemical Society National Meeting & Exposition August 21-25, 2016 Philadelphia, PA Meeting Announcements Meetings Calendar Featured Meeting 252nd American Chemical Society National Meeting & Exposition August 21-25, 2016 Philadelphia, PA More Information Portals Hello World Foo Bar Dropdown Menu Hello World Foo Bar Another Link The Last Item Climate ChangeThe latest insights into the changing climate More Cancer ResearchNew findings in cancer treatment and prevention More Marine ScienceIn-depth investigations on all things marine science More Science Agencies US Department of Energy US National Institutes of Health US National Science Foundation About About EurekAlert! For Reporters For PIOs Help / FAQ Subscribe / Sponsor Contact EurekAlert! About EurekAlert! Help / FAQ Subscribe / Sponsor Contact EurekAlert! For Reporters EurekAlert! provides embargoed and breaking science news you can't afford to miss.Learn more For PIOS EurekAlert! offers a one-stop science news distribution service you can trust.Learn more EurekAlert! is a service of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Login Register Public Release: 6-Sep-2016 Consumers may search online for 30 days, but buy close to what they found on the first day Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences Share  Print  E-Mail CATONSVILLE, MD, September 6, 2016 - Given the ease of online search, consumers can explore and discover hundreds of available items in any category. Retailers and advertisers are keen to influence the search and final purchase through better product recommendations and targeted advertising. A forthcoming article in the INFORMS journal Marketing Science studies online search and purchase behavior of consumers in the digital camera category and finds that even though consumers may search for extended periods of time, what they purchase tends to be remarkably close to items they searched and found in their very first search. The study conducted by Bart Bronnenberg of Tilburg University, Jun Kim of the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Carl Mela of Duke University combine detailed consumer online browsing and purchase data for digital cameras from the online measurement firm comScore, with scraped camera product pages from the three largest online retailers (Amazon, Best Buy, and Walmart) to uncover a variety of insights about online consumer search behavior. From the browsing and purchase history of over two million consumers, they used a sample of more than 1,000 digital camera purchases with full browsing histories over a three-month period. "People differ in their search behavior a lot; some make up their mind right away but others search for long periods - often up to a month and review many products." said Mela. The study finds that about 25 percent of consumers search and purchase in just one online session, the average purchase takes much longer - around 15 days and over six sessions. The vast majority of purchases happen in under a month. Further, about 40 percent of consumers search only one brand and 20 percent only one model, while the average consumer will search about three brands and six models. For marketers, a long period of search can be a great opportunity to influence the exploration and discovery of new products during search and purchase. But as Bronnenberg notes, "What surprised us was that consumers don't explore anywhere close to full range of products and attributes in the category. The final product they purchase is very close in terms of the attributes to the products they discovered on the first day." This suggests that consumers have a rough idea of the quality and type of features they want as they begin search. The search helps them merely to refine the right combination of features within the narrow range of features of the products they found on the first day. On first glance, this finding might mean that retailers and advertisers can do little to influence the final purchase. But Kim cautions that would be the wrong conclusion. He notes, "In fact, the exact model with the right combination of features that the consumer will ultimately purchase can still be influenced up until the moment of purchase. The fact that what people buy is close to what they initially found means that ad targeting and product recommendations can use this information effectively and recommend close variants of what the consumer initially searched and found." Concludes Mela: "Overall, we think the whole exploration and discovery angle when searching for online purchases may be overstated," but then cautions that "it is also possible, that the limited exploration we find may be due to widespread availability of online reviews for digital cameras." Reviews may have informed the consumers exploration and discovery and the initial search outside of the search and purchase behavior that the study observes. Discovery may then be still important in categories where such reviews are less available. ### To cite this study: Bart J. Bronnenberg, Jun B. Kim, and Carl F. Mela (2016). "Zooming in on Choice: How do Consumers Search for Cameras Online?" forthcoming at Marketing Science. About INFORMS With nearly 12,000 members from across the globe, INFORMS is the leading international association for professionals in operations research and analytics. More information about INFORMS is available at http://www.informs.org or @informs. Disclaimer: AAAS and EurekAlert! are not responsible for the accuracy of news releases posted to EurekAlert! by contributing institutions or for the use of any information through the EurekAlert system. Share  Print  E-Mail Media Contact Ashley Kilgore ashley.kilgore@informs.org 443-757-3560  @INFORMS http://www.informs.org  More on this News Release Consumers may search online for 30 days, but buy close to what they found on the first day Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences Journal Marketing Science Keywords ADVERTISING/PUBLIC RELATIONS ADVERTISING/PUBLIC RELATIONS ALGORITHMS/MODELS CALCULATIONS/PROBLEM-SOLVING INTERNET MATHEMATICS/STATISTICS Original Source http://ow.ly/odpr303WNSD More in Mathematics Getting to bottom of crater formation American Association for the Advancement of Science Scientists discover method for sculpting how chemicals spread in fluid flows University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill The mathematics of coffee extraction: Searching for the ideal brew Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics Mathematical algorithms calculate social behavior Technical University of Munich (TUM) View all Mathematics news  Trending Science News Large forest die-offs can have effects that ricochet to distant ecosystems University of Washington How much warmer has Hong Kong's urban area become during the past 4 decades? Institute of Atmospheric Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences New gene-editing technology partially restores vision in blind animals Salk Institute Disentangling the myth of the singing bushmaster viper with the help of tree frogs Pensoft Publishers View all latest news  Copyright © 2016 by the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) Breaking News RSS Feed All EurekAlert! RSS Feeds @EurekAlertAAAS facebook.com/EurekAlert Help / FAQ Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact EurekAlert! Copyright © 2016 by the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS)
⌂ HOME ADVERTISE BUSINESS DIRECTORY Lake Powell Life Visitors Guide KXAZ 93.3 FM KPGE 1340 AM Photos Restaurants CONTACT US Sitemap News for Page Lake Powell Arizona  Sponsored Advert  News Lake Powell Health Police Reports Podcasts Weather Zoom Radar Weather Map Weather Reports Business Directory COMMUNITY BILLBOARD + EVENTS OBITUARIES Pet Photos CLASSIFIEDS Attractions Share 0  Share 0  Tweet 0  +1 0  Share Lake Powell News ⌂Back To Homepage  Breaking News NAU Basketball Plays Tonight in Tuba CityLumberjacks are coming to Tuba City. There won’t be any logging, flapjacks, or Paul Bunyan and [...] Grand Canyon National Park Fire Managers Plan Fall Prescribed Burns on North RimFire managers will take advantage of favorable weather conditions over the next several weeks and [...] Kanab Jail Locked DownAfter what is being called “a minor altercation,” the Kane County jail in Kanab went [...] NGS Employees Donate to Thanksgiving BasketsNavajo Generating Station employees donated $2,000 to the Page Elks Lodge to help purchase turkeys [...] Dedication of Little Colorado River Navajo Tribal Park Interpretive SiteCoconino County Parks and Recreation, Navajo Parks and Recreation Department and the Cameron Chapter House [...]    Highway 89 Roundabout September 06 11:23 2016 Print This Article 👤by Pam Brown The roundabout on Highway 89 has been functioning well, gaining a surprising number of local supporters. The roundabout was one of the options Arizona Department of Transportation had proposed for traffic control at the corner of Haul Road and Highway 89 when the Walmart Super Center was constructed just west of that intersection. Page Mayor Bill Diak recalled that the roundabout decision was made just prior to his election to City Council. While he wasn’t in favor of that option, he supported the decision of the Council and was involved in negotiations for right of ways at the intersection. Diak’s concerns prior to construction was the surprise factor of that particular intersection’s traffic control strategy. After travelling 140 miles from Flagstaff through remote areas, drivers might not be prepared for the lighting, signage, and lane configurations unlike anything else in this area. Diak was vocal about his concerns for driver safety at the intersection but ADOT had convincing statistics to back up the safety claims for a roundabout. The only surprise at the intersection has turned out to be how few accidents there has been. There have been a few low speed fender benders but no major medical issues for drivers or passengers in those few crashes. Because of the success of the roundabout at the intersection of Highway 89 and Haul Road, many residents are choosing that route because the traffic moves smoothly and there is little if any wait time to get on your way. The main concern continues to be the speed of approach for first time visitors and drivers of large trucks. Roundabouts may not be such an unusual traffic control device in the future as ADOT is considering adding more roundabouts in the next ten years at both the South and North intersections of Highway 89 and Lake Powell Boulevard. Drivers who have sat at those two intersections waiting to turn left would most likely want to see roundabouts there as soon as possible Tags Highway 89pageroundabouttraffic Current Articles Scroll Back To Top 2016 Cold Hard Holiday Cash Give Away NAU Basketball Plays Tonight in Tuba City Grand Canyon National Park Fire Managers Plan Fall Prescribed Burns on North Rim Kanab Jail Locked Down NGS Employees Donate to Thanksgiving Baskets Dedication of Little Colorado River Navajo Tribal Park Interpretive Site NEWS ARCHIVE Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 Recent News More Articles     2016 Cold Hard Holiday Cash Give Away Read Full Article NAU Basketball Plays Tonight in Tuba City 0 Grand Canyon National Park Fire Managers Plan Fall Prescribed Burns on North Rim 0 Kanab Jail Locked Down 0 NGS Employees Donate to Thanksgiving Baskets 0 Weather Forecast Freeze Warning Issued: 2:51 AM MST on November 18, 2016 Expires: 8:00 AM MST on November 18, 2016 Friday Clear High 49°/Low 32° 0% Saturday Clear High 53°/Low 39° 0% Sunday Partly Cloudy High 60°/Low 43° 0% Monday Chance of Rain High 53°/Low 40° 70% Home Lake Powell Communications Contact Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ © 2015 Copyright LAKE POWELL COMMUNICATIONS. All Rights reserved. | Visit us on Google+ Designed by LAKE POWELL COMMUNICATIONS Site Secured By: Website Guardian Loading.. ❎Close Window Loading, Please Wait! This may take a second or two.
null
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Volokh Conspiracyopinion Short Circuit: A roundup of recent federal court decisions The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Eugene Volokh September 6 Follow @volokhc (Here is the latest edition of the Institute for Justice’s weekly Short Circuit newsletter, written by John Ross.) Thousands of Americans die needlessly each year because they cannot find a bone marrow donor, writes IJ’s Nick Sibilla. Click here to watch IJ’s award-winning short film on the need for compensation for donors. Oil companies that drill on Alaska’s North Slope transport their crude to market by means of a single pipeline. During the 800-mile journey, high-quality crude gets commingled with low-, so FERC calculates compensation for companies that receive lower-quality stuff than they put in. D.C. Circuit: Could be some companies are still getting shortchanged. FERC needs to change, or at least explain, its methodology. The United States was not at war with al-Qaeda in 2000, argues the alleged mastermind of the attack on the USS Cole. So does a military commission set up after 9/11 have the authority to put him on trial? We’ll not intervene, says the D.C. Circuit. Puerto Rican officials drastically raise corporate alternative-minimum tax. Walmart: In such a way as to apply only to us. Our tax liability would increase to 132 percent of our total annual income if this is enforced. First Circuit: The tax violates the dormant Commerce Clause. Resident complains to Quincy, Mass., police about an officer who angrily and mistakenly confronted her (while armed) about stolen property. The officer is suspended and ordered to stay away from the police station, but he shows up there just as she arrives to make a statement. He’s fired. First Circuit: Which was not unlawful retaliation for protected speech. New York City officials require cabs to be equipped with GPS so that regulators might detect overcharging. An unreasonable search? Second Circuit: The plaintiff doesn’t seem to own his cab, so he can’t bring suit. Dissent: The city never argued that. Moreover, the implied license taxi drivers extend to customers (and therefore also to regulators) to briefly occupy their cabs is plainly not an invitation to install surveillance equipment. EMT receives unsolicited phallus photo from a co-worker, reports him. He just happens to have printouts on hand of a fabricated text-message conversation indicating she welcomed such behavior. She’s fired for sexually harassing him. District court: The employer can’t be held liable for the actions of a low-level employee. Second Circuit: It can when the employer’s negligence gave effect to his nefarious intent. Electrical fire breaks out at Lower Merion Township, Pa., home as electricians repair faulty wiring. Yikes! Police file bogus arson charges against a former resident. District court: She was acquitted, so she can’t sue police for fabricating evidence. Third Circuit: Yes she can. Moreover, though she was never jailed, she was indeed “seized” (when fingerprinted, forced to post bond, and required to attend numerous pretrial proceedings on pain of arrest), so her malicious-prosecution claim was improperly dismissed. DHS officials decide that 28 women and their children (who entered the country illegally and were caught immediately) should be deported forthwith, as they aren’t likely to be tortured or face spousal abuse at home. Can the women seek review of those findings in an Article III court? The Third Circuit says no and, moreover, that the statute that mandates this result does not violate the Constitution. Advancing theories of fire that have been “unequivocally repudiated by rigorous scientific testing,” prosecutors obtain arson and murder convictions in 1986 against Ionia, Mich., man who lost his wife and daughters in a house fire. Released in 2012, can he sue officials involved in his prosecution? Sixth Circuit: But for the estate of one forensics worker, no. Allegation: Man makes to flee traffic stop (over a speeding violation); a Flint, Mich., officer runs in front of the car just as the man hits the gas. The officer shoots him dead through the driver’s-side window. Sixth Circuit: The officer is not entitled to qualified immunity (just yet). Indiana officials revoke child-care provider’s registration. Provider: We committed none of the violations alleged. We’d like to appeal. Officials: Because you are merely registered with the state (as opposed to licensed), there is no administrative-appeals process. District court: Which deprived the provider of due process. Seventh Circuit: Which was a clearly established right, so the officials can be sued in their individual capacities. There may have been something untoward about Minnesota law-enforcement officials repeatedly accessing the state’s driver’s license database for a glimpse of two local media personalities’, a former Minneapolis officer’s, and a reality-TV contestant’s personal information, says the Eighth Circuit. Numerous other plaintiffs, including media members, political activists, former police officers (and their spouses) and a beauty pageant contestant, all failed to make such a showing, however. Defense attorney convicted of money laundering for knowingly accepting stolen money from a client and disbursing some of it back to said client. Yikes! A prosecution witness who is both a paid informant and receiving leniency on his own charges in exchange for his testimony lied to the grand jury about these facts, and prosecutors did not correct the record. (The jury at trial did know said facts). Ninth Circuit: No reversible error. Conviction affirmed. Nevada medical-marijuana permit holder tries to buy gun, is rebuffed. Federal law prohibits the sale of guns to “unlawful drug users,” and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives says even state-approved marijuana use counts. Ninth Circuit: The government didn’t put forth any evidence that medical-marijuana patients are especially prone to gun violence, but there was no need to under intermediate scrutiny. No Second Amendment violation here. Federal parolee kidnaps 11-year-old, keeps her captive for 18 years. Can she sue the feds for negligently supervising the parolee, who committed numerous parole violations before the kidnapping? Sadly not, says the majority of a Ninth Circuit panel. Officials could not have known the parolee would target her specifically and so owed her no special duty of care. After customers who have purchased an unlimited-data plan have used a certain amount of data each month, AT&T drastically slows down the speed of their service. FTC: And didn’t adequately inform customers of the fact. Ninth Circuit: The agency lacks the statutory authority to get involved. Federal officials seize $800,000 from U.S. bank accounts controlled by Mexican businessmen suspected of (but not charged with) laundering drug money. Ninth Circuit: The men have standing, at least for the time being, to challenge the forfeiture. New Mexico legislators abolished civil forfeiture last year, requiring law-enforcement officials to secure a criminal conviction before taking people’s property (and prohibiting them from padding their budgets with the proceeds). How did Albuquerque officials (who seized 1 vehicle for every 66 residents over a recent five-year period) respond? By announcing plans to buy an even larger parking lot for seized vehicles — paid for with revenues from property forfeited from people such as IJ client Arlene Harjo, whom the city has not accused of committing any crime. Can Albuquerque officials continue to both ignore state law and flout the U.S. Constitution? Not by the hair of our majestically bearded litigators’ chins. Click here to learn more. opinions volokh-conspiracy Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters opinions volokh-conspiracy Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy. Follow @volokhc Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 ‘You can’t hit a girl like that!’ Officer caught on camera punching woman in the face. 2 Stephen Hawking just gave humanity a due date for finding another planet 3 Japanese American internment is ‘precedent’ for national Muslim registry, prominent Trump backer says 4 Man who dissolved in boiling Yellowstone hot spring slipped while checking temperature to take bath 5 Why a Minn. mom is suing her transgender teen and the clinic that gave her hormones Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game opinions volokh-conspiracy Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Business Sports Packers Opinion Go 715! Life Outdoors Archives Insider USA Today Media More Home News Business Sports Packers Opinion Go 715! Life Outdoors Archives Insider USA Today Media Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Social Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 6 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Police logs: Caller reports hacked computer Find out what Wisconsin Rapids-area residents are reporting in their neighborhoods. Post to Facebook Police logs: Caller reports hacked computer Find out what Wisconsin Rapids-area residents are reporting in their neighborhoods.   Check out this story on wisconsinrapidstribune.com: http://wrtnews.co/2cy3Hfg {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. This story is part of Wisconsin Rapids Records Logs: Caller reports kitten in tree Police logs: Woman fails to stop repossesion Police logs: Chicken returns to yard Police logs: Caller reports hacked computer Karen Madden , USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin 12:34 p.m. CDT September 6, 2016 Buy Photo Wisconsin Rapids-area police logs (Photo: USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin)Buy Photo 6 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Wisconsin Rapids  » At 8:58 a.m. Monday, a Wisconsin Rapids woman reported her husband pushed her to the floor, and he was claiming she pushed him in the chest. » At 10:38 a.m. Monday, a Wisconsin Rapids man reported someone hacked into his computer. » At 11:23 a.m. Monday, police arrested a man after his ex-wife reported he broke into her residence and was breaking things. » At 11:57 a.m. Monday, a caller reported a man was walking out into traffic like he was trying to start a fight near the intersection of 13th Avenue North and West Grand Avenue. » At 2:30 p.m. Monday, police arrested a man after a caller reported children living in a trailer that smelled like feces and was filled with garbage. » At 3:15 p.m. Monday, a caller reported a traffic crash near the intersection of 12th Street South and Goodnow Avenue. » At 4:02 p.m. Monday, a caller reported a man checked out at Walmart, 4331 Eighth St. S., and forgot to take $40 in cash he requested. A woman took the money. » At 4:28 p.m. Monday, a caller reported a group of men and women shooting at a loose dog with a BB gun. The group said they were trying to corral the dog and had a stick, not a BB gun. » At 9:31 p.m. Monday, a Stevens Point woman reported being scammed out of $10 in Wisconsin Rapids. RELATED: Man finds pile in yard RELATED: Man arrested after two crashes Wood County » At 8:16 a.m. Monday, a caller reported someone destroyed the little library at the Biron Park, 700 S. Biron Drive, Biron. » At 10:10 a.m. Monday, a Saratoga man reported he was scammed out of as much as $2,000. » At 10:46 a.m. Monday, a Police arrested a man after a caller reported two people fighting in Nekoosa. » At 11:42 a.m. Monday, a deputy called in a one-vehicle rollover near the intersection of Wood County T and State 10. » At 12:03 p.m. Monday, a Grand Rapids woman reported a man pulled up next to her son Thursday and asked the boy to get into the man's vehicle. » At 2:12 p.m. Monday, a caller reported used syringes Whitrock Avenue, between Coach Lantern Drive and Richland Hills. » At 5:37 p.m. Monday, a Milladore woman reported a trespasser on property in the 3500 block of State 80, Dexter. » At 5:59 p.m. Monday, a caller reported a drunken driver on an ATV in Milladore » At 7:33 p.m. Monday, a man reported a woman ripped off his shirt and tried to hit him with her car. » At 9:15 p.m. Monday, a woman reported someone broke into a house in the 3700 block of State 54 West, Port Edwards, and took a television and computer. » At 11:02 p.m. Monday, a caller reported a man running around naked in a parking lot in the 9500 block of State 10, Cameron. » At 11:57 p.m. Monday, a caller reported hearing gun shots in the Adams Avenue area in the village of Port Edwards. 6 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://wrtnews.co/2cy3Hfg TOP VIDEOS Obama: 'cautiously optimistic' about Trump 2:58 Obama Urges Trump to 'Stand Up' to Russia 2:37 Amherst wins second straight state football title 1:28 Return to glory: A look back at Edgar’s championship season 1:42 How origami might actually help save elephants 0:30 Edgar wins seventh state football title 1:35 Watch: Hasidic Jewish community combs through trash for lost religious artifacts 0:40 Friday's forecast: Blizzard possible in Plains 2:39 JS OnPolitics 11/17/16: Challenges ahead for Reince Priebus 4:14 JS OnPolitics 11/17/16: Challenges ahead for Paul Ryan 2:21 JS OnPolitics 11/17/16: Remembering the incomparable Melvin Laird 4:08 JS OnPolitics 11/17/16: Is Milwaukee's get-tough sheriff going to D.C.? 4:03 JS OnPolitics 11/17/16: MPS to Legislature: It's your move. 5:42 JS OnPolitics 11/17/16: Winners & Losers 2:57 JS OnPolitics 11/17/16: What's the big deal with Clarke? 1:14 JS OnPolitics 11/17/16: Wishing Trump to succeed 0:59 Matthews: 'Feel good about where I'm at' 0:54 Peppers frustrated by limited snaps 2:43 Wausau East students say 'We Are One' 1:18 Raw: Obama meets with Germany's Merkel in Berlin 0:44 Fans eagerly await return of the NFL to Mexico 1:26 Man dies 'hot potting' in Yellowstone 0:31 Packers' Montgomery sets off a Hug-A-Thon 1:08 Castile's girlfriend, mother speak on charges 2:11 Notre Dame linemen continue to step up 1:38 Latest on RB Michael, Rodgers-McCarthy discord 2:47 Thursday's forecast: Snow from Denver to Plains 2:53 What is bullying? Central Wisconsin kids define it for us. 2:02 7 things you may not know about the presidential yacht 1:10 Appleton North girls face high expectations 1:55 Wisconsin Rapids Records Logs: Caller reports kitten in tree Karen Madden Police logs: Woman fails to stop repossesion Karen Madden Police logs: Chicken returns to yard Karen Madden Police logs: Woman reports trespassing chicken Karen Madden Police logs: Singing man draws concern Karen Madden Police: Women report getting threats Karen Madden This story is part of Wisconsin Rapids Records Logs: Caller reports kitten in tree Police logs: Woman fails to stop repossesion Police logs: Chicken returns to yard
null
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Subscribe Buy E-N Merchandise Contact Us About Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Place a Classified Ad Privacy Policy Site Terms of Use Newsletters & Text Alerts Find a Business in S.A. News Archives San Antonio holidays will be full of celebrations, events, Paris dazzled in the 1920s as a melting pot of celebrities Mock assassination of Trump stirs controversy at San Antonio Outdoors: Calendar, Nov. 18 Local News by Neighborhood Texas Obituaries Traffic Weather Lake and River Levels S.A. History Guide to San Antonio San Antonio Charity Breaking News Video Classified Marketplace SAPD: Handgun licensee shoots man who was firing gun into air in Mock assassination of Trump stirs controversy at San Antonio Rohm, who started printing business in the 1980s, also mentored SAPD: Two Crip gang members arrested, one at large after shooting US & World Breaking News Anywhere Border & Mexico US World Health Care Politics Military Track Flights Strange News Trump taps Sessions, Flynn, Pompeo for top positions Volkswagen to shed 30,000 jobs, cutting costs after scandal Kanye West says if he'd voted, he would've voted for Trump Museum as shoeseum: What our footwear says about our souls Business Local Eagle Ford & Energy National & International Automotive News Top Workplaces in S.A. Technology Business Features Finance Features Business Careers Tech Features Press Releases CST shareholders approve merger with Circle K parent company Tesoro now 5th-largest U.S. refiner with Western Refining Tesoro buys Western Refining for $4.1 billion NRP Group will build first apartment complex at Lone Star Sports San Antonio Spurs Sports Nation NBA NFL MLB Soccer Colleges College Football College Basketball High School Scores High Schools Outdoors: Calendar, Nov. 18 Basketball: Thursday’s high school results Texas A&M, Miami nearing deal on future home-and-home series Ticket prices near all-time high to see Spurs retire Duncan's Food Restaurants Food Voted Best in S.A. Recipes & Cooking Bars & Drinks Snacks and Entertaining Guide to Food in S.A. Sponsored: Sip, Savor, Celebrate Signature by Andrew Weissman names chef, general manager New distillery opens in San Antonio Pub Crawl: Ringer fit for a Dude Just a Taste: A smokescreen at Buck’s BBQ Entertainment What S.A. is Watching Things To Do Fiesta 2016 Halloween Celebrity Buzz Comics Puzzles Horoscope Movies & TV Music & Stage Arts & Culture Guide to San Antonio Readers' Choice Photos at S.A. Parties Destinations Brass Monkey spins beats, booze for ThurzGayz anniversary San Antonio holidays will be full of celebrations, events, Paris dazzled in the 1920s as a melting pot of celebrities Review: 'The Other Mozart' intrigues at Tobin Center Lifestyle Wedding Announcements Bridal Ideas Travel & Outdoors Destinations Health & Family Senior Living Home & Garden Home Decorating Trends & Style Beauty and Fitness Tips Better Living Tips Gift Ideas Pets Green Living Christmas celebrated all around Texas Unique Alamo Heights cottage is for the birds San Antonians mourn loss of Phantom Room to fire on social media Fewer U.S. parents are spanking their kids Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Columnists Third & Ave. E Editorial Cartoons Josh Brodesky Robert Seltzer O. Ricardo Pimentel Bruce Davidson Maria Anglin Gloria Padilla Your Turn: Nov. 18 Not so sure about upper deck on I-35 SBOE should reject offensive Mexican American studies book Facebook degrades the national conversation Cars Car Tips and Help News & Reviews Vehicle Search Car Features Latest Car Reviews Hyundai’s compact Elantra sedan updated for 2017 with new Jeep introduces a 4WD Overland version for the 2016 Cherokee New Ram Power Wagon arrives late this year as a 2017 model, with Jobs Salary Wizard Top Workplaces Career Features DIVIDED AMERICA: Easy retirement? Only for a privileged few US home construction jumped by largest amount in 34 years Trump's future role looms over Asia-Pacific summit in Peru Homes Home Search Apartment Search Land Rentals Open Houses New Homes Search Hill Country Living New Construction Real Estate Tips Home Yard Tips Home DIY Kitchen, Bed and Bath Home Decorating Single-family homes just listed for sale in San Antonio Open houses in the San Antonio area this weekend Ranches for sale in Texas you can afford Sitterle New Homes ExpressNews.com MenuSections http://www.mysanantonio.com/news/local/article/Fort-Worth-woman-allegedly-took-photos-of-passed-9205256.php Police: Texas woman took photos of passed out, naked roommate, sent to family By Kelsey Bradshaw Published 11:12 am, Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Photo: Courtesy Image 1of/28 Caption Close Image 1 of 28 Belinda Kay Norris, 55, was arrest Aug. 19, 2016 for invasive visual recording. Belinda Kay Norris, 55, was arrest Aug. 19, 2016 for invasive visual recording. Photo: Courtesy Image 2 of 28 Click through the gallery to see some of the most outrageous headlines snagged by Texas men and women. Click through the gallery to see some of the most outrageous headlines snagged by Texas men and women. Photo: Photo Illustration Image 3 of 28 "S.A. man cited after pet monkey bites North Side bank employee's face" On Jan. 30, 2015, a San Antonio man was cited after his pet monkey, Louie, bit an employee when he took the monkey inside a bank. The man received two citations and faces fines up to $2,000. Read more: S.A. man cited after pet monkey bites North Side bank employee's face less "S.A. man cited after pet monkey bites North Side bank employee's face" On Jan. 30, 2015, a San Antonio man was cited after his pet monkey, Louie, bit an employee when he took the monkey inside a bank. The man ... more Photo: Darryl Estrine, Getty Images Image 4 of 28 "Texas man gets 37 years for pouring boiling water on wife" Everton Bailey Jr. from Round Rock was sentenced to prison after he forced his wife to kneel and then doused her while arguing. The wife drove herself to the hospital and suffered third-degree burns on her face, hands, chest and back. Bailey was convicted on Jan. 7, 2015, of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. Read more: Texas man gets 37 years for pouring boiling water on wife less "Texas man gets 37 years for pouring boiling water on wife" Everton Bailey Jr. from Round Rock was sentenced to prison after he forced his wife to kneel and then doused her while arguing. The wife drove herself ... more Photo: Marlene Ford, Getty Images Image 5 of 28 "Texas man allegedly stole $2,000 worth of brisket from 19 H-E-B stores as prices hit record levels" In January, James Cordell Avery allegedly stole brisket and other meats from 19 H-E-B locations in Texas, totaling to a value of $2,000. Avery was arrested in early January 2015, and was charged with theft between $1,500 and $20,000, a state jail felony punishable by up to two years in prison. Read more: Texas man allegedly stole $2,000 worth of brisket from 19 H-E-B stores as prices hit record levels less "Texas man allegedly stole $2,000 worth of brisket from 19 H-E-B stores as prices hit record levels" In January, James Cordell Avery allegedly stole brisket and other meats from 19 H-E-B locations in Texas, ... more Photo: Austin Police Department Image 6 of 28 "Police: South Texas woman stole gold necklace from corpse lying in casket"  Theresa Green Mireles, a 57-year-old woman from Corpus Christi, was arrested on Dec. 31, 2014, for allegedly stealing a 14-karat gold necklace off Kenneth Grimes during his funeral. She was charged with theft from a corpse or grave, a state jail felony, for allegedly taking the necklace, which is valued between $1,200 to $1,800. Read more: Police: South Texas woman stole gold necklace from corpse lying in casket less "Police: South Texas woman stole gold necklace from corpse lying in casket"  Theresa Green Mireles, a 57-year-old woman from Corpus Christi, was arrested on Dec. 31, 2014, for allegedly stealing a 14-karat gold ... more Photo: Aransas Pass Police Department Image 7 of 28 "Texas man, 27, arrested in Michigan after sending girl, 14, sexual videos, one involving dog" Glen Stephen Timberlake, a 27-year-old Austin resident, drove to Michigan in late December 2014 to meet a 14-year-old girl to whom he sent multiple videos of him performing sexual acts upon himself, and one video included a dog. Austin police officers reportedly told Timberlake to stop contacting the girl earlier that year. Read more: Texas man, 27, arrested in Michigan after sending girl, 14, sexual videos, one involving dog less "Texas man, 27, arrested in Michigan after sending girl, 14, sexual videos, one involving dog" Glen Stephen Timberlake, a 27-year-old Austin resident, drove to Michigan in late December 2014 to meet a ... more Photo: Isabella County Sheriff's Department Image 8 of 28 "Texas man pleads guilty to sex with niece — whom he later married" Esteban Chavez Castillo, 61, was sentenced to 17 years in prison in December 2014 for engaging in prohibited sexual conduct with his niece, who was a minor at the time of relations. Read more: Texas man pleads guilty to sex with niece — whom he later married less "Texas man pleads guilty to sex with niece — whom he later married" Esteban Chavez Castillo, 61, was sentenced to 17 years in prison in December 2014 for engaging in prohibited sexual conduct with his niece, ... more Photo: Guadalupe County Jail Image 9 of 28 "Texas man sees Jesus Christ on a tortilla" Austinite Andrew Key tweeted this photo of a tortilla with a burn mark that resembles Jesus Christ on Dec. 11, 2014. Key told KXAN-TV in Austin he didn't eat the tort, and that “we’ve got the tortilla safely packaged out of harms way. Read more: Texas man sees Jesus Christ on a tortilla less "Texas man sees Jesus Christ on a tortilla" Austinite Andrew Key tweeted this photo of a tortilla with a burn mark that resembles Jesus Christ on Dec. 11, 2014. Key told KXAN-TV in Austin he didn't eat the ... more Photo: Courtesy Photo Image 10 of 28 "Police: Texas man had crossbow, tomahawk to kill ex's husband in Australia" Jeffery Hooten, 49, was arrested in South Wales, Australia in July 2014 in connection to an incident where he is accused of attacking his ex-wife's current husband with a crossbow and a tomahawk. Police said Hooten fired a bolt from his crossbow at the current husband, Greg Williams, who blocked the bolt with his laptop. Hooten was also accused of charging at Williams with a tomahawk, striking him in the head. Read more: Police: Texas man had crossbow, tomahawk to kill ex's husband in Australia less "Police: Texas man had crossbow, tomahawk to kill ex's husband in Australia" Jeffery Hooten, 49, was arrested in South Wales, Australia in July 2014 in connection to an incident where he is accused of attacking ... more Photo: Cynthia Esparza, For San Antonio Express-News Image 11 of 28 "Texas man travels country to buy homeless signs" Dallas artist Willie Baronet traveled around the U.S. in July 2014 to purchase makeshift signs created by homeless people for a documentary and art project called We Are All Homeless. The artist wanted to raise awareness of homelessness, and his exhibit is on display at New York University. Read more: Texas man travels country to buy homeless signs less "Texas man travels country to buy homeless signs" Dallas artist Willie Baronet traveled around the U.S. in July 2014 to purchase makeshift signs created by homeless people for a documentary and art project ... more Photo: Courtesy Of Willie Baronet Image 12 of 28 "Texas woman claims she's found a chupacabra" In April 2014, Jackie Stock from Ratcliffe said she found an animal with a "hairless back, large claws and countless teeth," which are characteristics of the legendary chupacabra. Wildlife experts leaned more toward calling it some breed of dog. Read more: Texas woman claims she's found a chupacabra less "Texas woman claims she's found a chupacabra" In April 2014, Jackie Stock from Ratcliffe said she found an animal with a "hairless back, large claws and countless teeth," which are characteristics of the ... more Image 13 of 28 Buy photo "Texas man stabbed to death with stiletto heel" In this photo, Ana Trujillo testifies during her trial in November 2013 for slaying her boyfriend, University of Houston professor Alf Stefan Andersson, using a 5-inch stiletto shoe. She claimed it was self defense, but she was ultimately sentenced to life in prison. Read more: Jury gives stiletto killer life for brutal murder less "Texas man stabbed to death with stiletto heel" In this photo, Ana Trujillo testifies during her trial in November 2013 for slaying her boyfriend, University of Houston professor Alf Stefan Andersson, using a ... more Photo: Brett Coomer, Staff Buy this photo Image 14 of 28 "Gun jam may have saved Texas man from wife"  In November 2013, Tempie Strickland, an 80-year-old woman from Fort Worth, was charged with trying to kill her husband during an argument, but the gun jammed when she tried to pull the trigger. Reports say Strickland was mad because her 73-year-old husband stayed out late.  Read more: Gun jam may have saved Texas man from wife less "Gun jam may have saved Texas man from wife"  In November 2013, Tempie Strickland, an 80-year-old woman from Fort Worth, was charged with trying to kill her husband during an argument, but the gun jammed when ... more Photo: H John Voorhees III Image 15 of 28 "Texas City man sentenced to 50 years for biting jailer" Dennis Steele, 33, was sentenced to 50 years in prison for biting, scratching and kicking two officers in the Texas City Jail in November 2013. He attacked the officers when they awakened him in the holding cell. He was originally taken in on suspicion of drunk driving. Read more: Texas City man sentenced to 50 years for biting jailer less "Texas City man sentenced to 50 years for biting jailer" Dennis Steele, 33, was sentenced to 50 years in prison for biting, scratching and kicking two officers in the Texas City Jail in November 2013. He ... more Image 16 of 28 "Texas man sues after debt collector calls during visit to bathroom" David E. Mack, from Sherman, which is north of Dallas, decided to go to court in September 2013 when he learned he missed two calls from a debt collection agency, one of which was while he was in the bathroom. Mack alleges the agency made calls to his cell phone with an automatic dialing system and failed to disclose who was calling. Read more: Texas man sues after debt collector calls during visit to bathroom less "Texas man sues after debt collector calls during visit to bathroom" David E. Mack, from Sherman, which is north of Dallas, decided to go to court in September 2013 when he learned he missed two calls from a ... more Photo: Marilyn Nieves Image 17 of 28 "South Texas man gets 18 months for hitting helicopter with laser pointer" Margarito Tristan III, 28, from Donna, was sentenced to 18 months in a federal prison in September 2013 for shining a laser pointer at a Border Patrol helicopter. Officers said the laser temporarily blinded the helicopter’s pilot, who was wearing night-vision goggles while on patrol. Read more: South Texas man gets 18 months for hitting helicopter with laser pointer less "South Texas man gets 18 months for hitting helicopter with laser pointer" Margarito Tristan III, 28, from Donna, was sentenced to 18 months in a federal prison in September 2013 for shining a laser pointer at a ... more Image 18 of 28 "Texas man wins right to attempt Evel Knievel jump" Motorcycle stuntman Big Ed Beckley bid $943,000 in September 2013 for a two-year lease on the state land near Evel Knievel's Snake River Canyon jump in hopes to recreate the stunt that took place in September 1974. Beckley had to pay $25,000 a year to Idaho, have $10 million in liability insurance and turn over a share of the revenue from the event to the state. Read more: Texas man wins right to attempt Evel Knievel jump less "Texas man wins right to attempt Evel Knievel jump" Motorcycle stuntman Big Ed Beckley bid $943,000 in September 2013 for a two-year lease on the state land near Evel Knievel's Snake River Canyon jump in hopes ... more Image 19 of 28 "Police: Texas man drove 1,500 miles to stalk ex" Ronald Dale Acker, 57, of Bedford, was arrested in July 2013 after he drove 1,500 miles to Tennessee to plant a recorder in his ex-girlfriend's bedroom. He was charged with aggravated burglary and stalking. Read more: Police: Texas man drove 1,500 miles to stalk ex less "Police: Texas man drove 1,500 miles to stalk ex" Ronald Dale Acker, 57, of Bedford, was arrested in July 2013 after he drove 1,500 miles to Tennessee to plant a recorder in his ex-girlfriend's bedroom. He was ... more Photo: Courtesy Image 20 of 28 "Texas man charged with waving 'medieval-type' sword" Jamie Lewis Wehunt from Central Texas apparently swung a "medieval-type" sword to threaten a woman trying to mediate a fight between him and his wife in April 2013. Wehunt was arrested and charged with aggravated assault and criminal mischief. Read more: Texas man charged with waving 'medieval-type' sword less "Texas man charged with waving 'medieval-type' sword" Jamie Lewis Wehunt from Central Texas apparently swung a "medieval-type" sword to threaten a woman trying to mediate a fight between him and his wife in ... more Photo: MARTIN BERNETTI, MARTIN BERNETTI/AFP/Getty Images Image 21 of 28 "Listen as Texas woman calls 911 for cigarettes" A "very intoxicated" woman called 911 in hopes to get cigarettes delivered to her house in February 2013. Instead, the woman received a visit from two deputies and was arrested and charged for abuse of 911. She was later released on a $1,000 bond. Read more: Listen as Texas woman calls 911 for cigarettes less "Listen as Texas woman calls 911 for cigarettes" A "very intoxicated" woman called 911 in hopes to get cigarettes delivered to her house in February 2013. Instead, the woman received a visit from two deputies ... more Photo: Paul Mansfield Photography, Getty Images Image 22 of 28 "Texas woman charged for prank involving chicken, mustard and peanut butter" Tara Mauney of Colleyville was charged with felony criminal mischief after she pranked a neighbor in July 2012, leaving $6,000 in damage. Mauney, 41, allegedly helped middle school students litter a residence with toilet paper, smear mustard and peanut butter to write graffiti and leave a chicken in a mailbox.  Read more: Texas woman charged for prank involving chicken, mustard and peanut butter less "Texas woman charged for prank involving chicken, mustard and peanut butter" Tara Mauney of Colleyville was charged with felony criminal mischief after she pranked a neighbor in July 2012, leaving $6,000 in ... more Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press Image 23 of 28 "Texas man barks at neighbor, eats dog" Michael Terron Daniel, of Waco, was accused of eating his family's dog in June 2012 after he got high on synthetic marijuana. Witnesses told police that Dabiel was “going crazy," when he got on all fours, chased his neighbor around while barking, and then began eating the dog. Read more: Texas man barks at neighbor, eats dog less "Texas man barks at neighbor, eats dog" Michael Terron Daniel, of Waco, was accused of eating his family's dog in June 2012 after he got high on synthetic marijuana. Witnesses told police that Dabiel was ... more Image 24 of 28 "Texas woman sues Wal-Mart over soda spill" Bobbie Semien, of Liberty, sued the retail giant after she allegedly slipped and fell in a puddle of soda on October 2011, which she says led to injuries to her right hip, right knee and the right side of her body. Semien's is the latest in a string of lawsuits filed against Wal-Mart stores in the Houston area by people who say they were injured during shopping. Read more: Texas woman sues Wal-Mart over soda spill less "Texas woman sues Wal-Mart over soda spill" Bobbie Semien, of Liberty, sued the retail giant after she allegedly slipped and fell in a puddle of soda on October 2011, which she says led to injuries to her right ... more Photo: Bloomberg, Jay Laprete/Bloomberg Via Getty Images Image 25 of 28 "Texas man texts weed offer to cop, gets arrested" In October 2010, Amanda Williams, a reserve police officer with the Early Police Department, received a text message that read "So do you smoke weed?," which led to the sender's arrest. Williams and the sender were old friends that had not spoken in a while, and the sender did not know she was a police officer. The message led to the San Angelo man's charge with marijuana possession. Read more: Texas man texts weed offer to cop, gets arrested less "Texas man texts weed offer to cop, gets arrested" In October 2010, Amanda Williams, a reserve police officer with the Early Police Department, received a text message that read "So do you smoke weed?," which ... more Photo: Matt Sayles, AP Image 26 of 28 "Texas man settles suit over condom in Whopper" Van Miguel Hartless sued a Virginia Burger King after he said he bit into a Whopper and found an unwrapped condom. He said the incident caused him "sustained pain and suffering, vomiting, nightmares, mental and emotional distress" and medical expenses. Hartless, who lived in Virginia at the time of the incident in 2007, has since moved to El Paso. In 2010, the lawsuit was settled out of court. Read more: Texas man settles suit over condom in Whopper less "Texas man settles suit over condom in Whopper" Van Miguel Hartless sued a Virginia Burger King after he said he bit into a Whopper and found an unwrapped condom. He said the incident caused him "sustained pain ... more Photo: Gene J. Puskar, STF Image 27 of 28 "Texas woman first to buy cloned-to-order cat" A Dallas woman (pictured) paid $50,000 for a cloned version of her cat, Nicky, that died in 2003. The new, cloned cat, Little Nicky (pictured), has an almost identical appearance and personality to that of her previous cat. Read more: Texas woman first to buy cloned-to-order cat less "Texas woman first to buy cloned-to-order cat" A Dallas woman (pictured) paid $50,000 for a cloned version of her cat, Nicky, that died in 2003. The new, cloned cat, Little Nicky (pictured), has an almost ... more Photo: / Associated Press Image 28 of 28 Police: Texas woman took photos of passed out, naked roommate, sent to family 1 / 28 Back to Gallery After taking photos of her passed out, naked roommate and sending them to others, a 55-year-old Fort Worth woman was arrested earlier in August, according to media reports. Belinda Kay Norris, 55, allegedly took photos of her passed out roommate pantsless for her own protection, according to an affidavit obtained by the Fort Worth Star-Telegram. Norris was charged with invasive visual recording Aug. 19 and has since bonded out, Tamara Valle, public relations officer for the Fort Worth Police Department, said in an email Tuesday. RELATED: Former Texas Wal-Mart employee accused of secretly recording nearly 20 women at the store Norris’ roommate, 45, told police she took prescription medicine for her ongoing sciatic nerve problems before hopping the in the shower July 31. At the time, she was also having problems with her insulin levels as she is diabetic. After she showered, she told police the last thing she remembers is putting on a shirt and closing her bedroom door, which does not have a lock. RELATED: West Texas man accused of raping 6-year-old relative, videotaping the act The roommate told police she woke up a few hours later with a text from her sister that said Norris had sent photos of the roommate pantsless to her. Most Popular 1 28-year-old died of asphyxia after falling 20 feet in vehicle... 2 Husband suspected in death of Stone Oak kindergarten teacher... 3 Police: UTSA student, 18, arrested after refilling cup without... Norris admitted to Fort Worth Detective Kerry Adcock that she sent the photo to her roommate’s sister and a Child Protective Services worker for her own protection. “This is [the roommate] passed out,” the text read. “Door wide open and my kids are seeing this.” Norris also sent the photo to her roommate’s boyfriend. RELATED: SAPD: Man used pen camera to record women in restrooms at retirement community on NW Side kbradshaw@express-news.net Twitter: @kbrad5   Duncan Jersey Retirement Ceremony Ticket prices near all-time high to see Duncan jersey ceremony Memes: Spurs fans react to Duncan jersey retirement Duncan stars in second batch of H-E-B commercials The Latest SAPD: Handgun licensee shoots man who was firing gun into air Authorities raid TX ‘concentration camp’ horse ranch Emergency room wait times at hospitals around S.A. 2020 presidential candidates, ranked by Vegas odds TV actress dies at 52 after battle with depression UTSA student faces life in prison for alleged soda theft, scuffle Husband suspected in death of Stone Oak kindergarten teacher World's biggest airplane lands at Bush airport Toys "R" Us Black Friday 2016 ad circular released Weekly dance party goes off with a bang on St. Mary's Strip George Strait takes it easy at secret S.A.-area show 35 things to do in San Antonio this weekend Playboy playmates sue S.A. strip club over racy ads Playboy Playmate charged for naked body-shaming photo Celebrities who posed for Playboy Today in 1999: A tragedy ended an A&M tradition PHOTOS: Victims of the A&M bonfire collapse Look back: When a sniper terrorized UT Inside the Obamas' first home after the White House What Trump could mean for White House style The 10 best Michelle Obama memes Recent Breaking News Prosecutors say guard beat Bexar jail inmate severely S.A. man charged with human trafficking of young girl CPS Energy demolishes 62-year-old Tuttle power plant 60-Second Clips Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Xbox One S 500GB Console Bundle for $299 + free shipping WalmartPosted 1 day 16 hr ago SHOP NOW This Is Your Life Poster for $10 + free shipping That Daily DealPosted 2 hr 14 min ago SHOP NOW Jockey Men's Slim-Fit Crew T-Shirt 3-Pack for $8 + free shipping eBayPosted 1 day 2 hr ago SHOP NOW Candy Variety Packs: Deals from $4 + pickup at Walmart WalmartPosted 1 day 3 hr ago Sign Up for Email Alerts Sign up for our email services. Stop any time.    Breaking news    Morning headlines    Today's most-read stories    Evening headlines    Traffic alerts    Weather alerts    Politics news & alerts    Border & Mexico news & alerts    Obituaries    Today's Deals from DealNews EMAIL: Click here to sign up for Sports, Neighborhoods and more Email Alerts. Sign Up for Text Alerts Most Popular 1 28-year-old died of asphyxia after falling 20 feet in vehicle... 2 Husband suspected in death of Stone Oak kindergarten teacher... 3 Police: UTSA student, 18, arrested after refilling cup without... 4 Mock assassination of Trump stirs controversy at San Antonio... 5 3 Playboy playmates sue San Antonio strip club over racy ads 6 Best fan photos from George Strait's secret Gruene Hall concert 7 St. Anthony standout banned from playing high school basketball 8 Clinic raid in San Antonio came from federal probe of compound... 9 Scarlett Fakhar says she was fired by KRIV-TV following... 10 Vigil with about 100 honors Texas State student found dead on... 11 Alexandria Vera, teacher impregnated by 13-year-old student,... 12 Raw video: Arizona police officer punches woman in face during... 13 35-year-old charged with soliciting sex with teen boy is son... 14 Alabama man sentenced to 40 years after murdering man who... 15 Boys basketball: St. Anthony star Bassey, others ruled... View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Corporate Home Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Newsroom Contacts Purchase Photos Place a Classified Ad Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Subscribe San Antonio Express-News ExpressNews.com iPad app eEdition Search Our News Archive Manage Your Subscription Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Skip to main content Home My Subscription E-Edition Obituaries Advertising Solutions Jobs Real Estate Autos Weather MENU Search form SearchSearch Login / Register Home News News Home Obituaries Police Bookings National Submit a News Tip Text Alerts Columbia County News-Times North Augusta Today Obituaries E-Edition Weather Business Business Home Area Gas Prices Submit Your News Opinion Opinion Home Editorials McKee cartoons Letters to Editor Guest Columns Write a Letter to the Editor Sports Sports Home High School Sports Masters Scores Things to Do Things to Do Home Dine & Dish Puzzles Event Tickets Events Calendar Submit Event TV Listings Life Life Home Weddings Engagements Births Anniversaries Pets for Adoption Photos Slideshows Spotted Send Photos and Videos Video Kirby's Augusta Cooking from the Heart in Augusta Latest Video Chronicle Apps Local Store Sales Advertising Solutions Legal notices Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs Help My Subscription Contact Us Staff Directory Archives (1792–2003) Newsletter - Select -Augusta Business ChronicleAugustaChronicle.com Daily HeadlinesAugustaChronicle.com Special Offers - All CSRABreaking News Subscribe Posted September 6, 2016 11:19 am - Updated September 6, 2016 07:08 pm By Bianca Cain Johnson Staff Writer Man charged after child left in vehicle   A man has been arrested after leaving his 6-year-old grandson sleeping in a vehicle while he shopped, according to authorities. Columbia County sheriff’s deputies were called to the Evans Wal-Mart about 5 p.m. Tuesday after a shopper noticed a small child sleeping in a vehicle. The car was not running and the windows were cracked, according to an incident report. A deputy noted that the child appeared to be in good health and the temperature was in the low 80s. The officer stated in the report he could not tell if the child was sweating. When the child woke, he told police he was unsure how long he had been alone. The child’s grandfather, Mohamed Maged Mohamed, 67, told police he allowed the child to stay in the car because he was sleeping. He stated he had been in the store about 10 minutes. Mohamed was not arrested at the time. An arrest warrant was issued after the deputy consulted with a judge. The Department of Family and Children Services was also notified of the incident. Mohamed was booked Wednesday into the Columbia County Detention Center on a charge of willfully commits or fails to act causing minor to be deprived. Hot temps increase worries about children left alone in cars Two mothers arrested after children left in hot cars Father charged after leaving toddler in car As temps heat up, police remind parents not to leave kids in vehicles Advertisement Most Popular Opinion Sun, 11/06/2016 - 00:34 Issues trump everything News Wed, 11/09/2016 - 18:44 Women charged in prostitution case in Columbia County News Sun, 11/06/2016 - 02:42 3 acquitted, 1 guilty in Medicaid fraud trial News Wed, 11/09/2016 - 23:22 New Enterprise Mill owner wants to bring back excitement View all Local Store Sales » Advertisement More Fri, 11/18/2016 - 06:01 Morning shooting reported near Clearwater Fri, 11/18/2016 - 00:40 Kirby: Almanac says snow possible, if unlikely … Fri, 11/18/2016 - 00:39 Rants and Raves Thu, 11/17/2016 - 21:43 Columbia County unveils economic development strategy Load more   Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertise The Augusta Chronicle © 2016. All Rights Reserved. X
Hot50 Events Kidscreen Summit Kidscreen East Asian Animation Summit Awards Kidscreen Awards News Consumer Products From the Mag Kid Insight Kidscreened Marketing People Moves Screen Tech Events Magazine Latest Issue Magazine Archive Subscribe Contributors All Contributors Lana Castleman Jeremy Dickson Elizabeth Foster Wendy Goldman Getzler Advertise  Newsletter Consumer Products Num Noms pursue the sweet smell of success MGA Entertainment’s fragrant toy hit Num Noms is expanding beyond the toy aisle and has lined up a dozen new licensees for its global CP program. By Elizabeth Foster September 6, 2016 Num Noms—MGA Entertainment’s take on the collectibles craze—is expanding its scent beyond the toy aisle and into ancillary products. The food-based miniature characters are shaped and scented like sweet or salty treats, with soft and hollow Nums stacking on top of hard-shelled Noms, which are either motorized to scoot around or filled with flavored lip gloss. Nums and Noms can be mixed and matched to create thousands of fragrance fusions like Raspberry Cream-Banana Go-Go or Peachy Choco Gloss. Targeting girls five to nine, Num Noms launched at Toys “R” Us last December with mystery packs, starter packs and playsets (SRP US$3.99 to $32.99), and moved to full global distribution earlier this year. Its retailers now include Target, Walmart, Kmart and Amazon—as well as mid-tier and specialty chains. Juli Boylan, MGA global head of licensing, is now building out the property and says the “delicious” nature of the brand will continue to provide a unique point of difference as MGA continues to expand Num Nom’s reach, appeal and licensing opportunities with each new series of characters. Boylan and her team have already gotten things underway, recently appointing key category licensees for the US including Canal Toys (craft/activity), Sky High (back-to-school), E.S. Originals (footwear), MZ Berger (home decor), Party Holdings/City (party goods), Ceaco Inc. (puzzles) and Palamon International (seasonal). These new licensees join existing partners like Komar Kids (sleepwear), HER Accessories (accessories), Thermos LLC (lunch kits), My Favorite Company (confections) and Franco Manufacturing (bedding). Accordingly, Num Noms-branded apparel, sleepwear and accessories will be available Stateside in Q4, with a second wave planned for spring 2017 and a full launch for all categories in fall 2017. Worldwide, Num Noms has more than 40 licensing partners, but Boylan is still on the hunt for licensees in ancillary categories like sporting and home goods. And as she searches for new partners, Boylan says the L.A.-based toyco will seek to maintain the property’s strong aesthetic in all licensed products. “One of the things that MGA is known for is our packaging. Not only do Num Noms come in yogurt cups, but they’re displayed in stores in a tray that looks like a yogurt truck,” notes Boylan. “We’ve got stories of people buying the entire truck displays—and we’ve even heard stories of people literally stealing them.” TAGS:MGA Entertainment, Num Noms, Toys 'R' Us About The Author Elizabeth Foster is Kidscreen's Senior Writer. Contact Elizabeth at efoster@brunico.com // Author Page Related Posts MGA’s Num Noms expands with global licensees Fanboy and Chum Chum get chummy with Toys ‘R’ Us Imperial Toy signs Lalaloopsy licensing deal PAW Patrol line hits Toys ‘R’ US Latest Posts Screen Tongal, Project Greenlight launch animation incubator By Alexandra Whyte November 17, 2016 Screen Octonauts gets its first app By Alexandra Whyte November 17, 2016 Consumer Products “It’s magical material,” Spin Master CEO on Hatchimals By Alexandra Whyte November 17, 2016 More News Follow @kidscreen Tweets about kidscreen Screening Room Tongal, Project Greenlight launch animation incubator Octonauts gets its first app “It’s magical material,” Spin Master CEO on Hatchimals Indielab launches its 2017 program Featured Popular Latest Link 1 Link 2 Link 3 Link 4 Link 5 Link 6 Link 7 Link 8 Link 9 Link 10 This is just some random content to show the different layouts possible Link 1 Link 2 Link 3 Link 4 Link 5 Link 6 Link 7 Link 8 Link 9 Link 10 Company About Kidscreen Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Home Contributors Subscribe Magazine Archive Events Features Hot50 From the Mag Global Pitch Guide Sections Consumer Products Kid Insight Kidscreened Marketing People Moves Screen Tech ™ Kidscreen is a trademark of Brunico Communications Ltd. Site copyright © 1996-2016 Kidscreen title, tagline and logo are trademarks of, and the events are produced by Brunico Marketing Inc. View our privacy policy Search Recent Topics Kidscreened apps Nickelodeon mobile Disney digital media SVOD Cartoon Network DHX Media toys Mattel YouTube CBeebies Netflix Hasbro Corus Entertainment Disney Channel Disney XD Toys 'R' Us Disney Junior Top tags Latest Posts Screen Tongal, Project Greenlight launch animation incubator By Alexandra Whyte November 17, 2016 Screen Octonauts gets its first app By Alexandra Whyte November 17, 2016 Consumer Products “It’s magical material,” Spin Master CEO on Hatchimals By Alexandra Whyte November 17, 2016 Menu Home News Consumer Products From the Mag Kid Insight Kidscreened Marketing People Moves Screen Tech Events Magazine Latest Issue Magazine Archive Subscribe Contributors All Contributors Lana Castleman Jeremy Dickson Elizabeth Foster Wendy Goldman Getzler Advertise  Newsletter Brand Menu Account Hot50 Events Kidscreen Summit Kidscreen East Asian Animation Summit Awards Kidscreen Awards Our Company We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Kidscreen journalism takes time and funding... Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you. Please, whitelist kidscreen.com in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
Search for: The Mountain Jackpot News Main menu Skip to content Home Almanac Victor Happenings Classifieds General Business Stories Letters News Woodland Park Cripple Creek Police Commentary Mike Parish Beth Dodd Eli Stone Photo Gallery Sponsors/Ad COS Airport Status/Delays TMJ Distribution Centers Contact Us Obituaries Colorado Alternatives Special Section Videos Sub menu Almanac Week of 9.6.16 Tuesday, Sept. 6 The Green Mountain Falls Board of Trustees will meet on Sept. 6 at 7 p.m. in the GMF Town Hall. The Teller Tea Party Patriots will hold a meeting at Denny’s restaurant in Woodland Park on Sept. 6, with social time occurring from 6:15 to 7 p.m., and the meeting time occurring from 7 to 9 p.m. The forum will feature presentations by all three county commissioners. In addition, Joe Rodriguez, the chairman of the Tea Party Patriots, will outline the nine state ballot issues. Another presentation will occur regarding the new Ute Country Connections site. Wednesday, Sept. 7 TSC (Teller Senior Coalition) Transit is excited to announce our bus service on Wednesdays in Woodland Park. This is a joint venture with Cripple Creek Transit to provide much needed transportation service between Cripple Creek and Woodland Park. TSC Transit will be picking up from the Senior Center and will be making stops at Pikes Peak Family Medicine, Pikes Peak Regional Hospital, City Market, Safeway, Walgreens, Walmart nd the Department of Social Services upon request. Call 719-687-0256 for more details or visit the TSC website at www.tellerseniorcoalition.com for a full schedule of pick up and drop off times. The annual meeting of the Divide Planning Committee will be held September 7, starting at 7 p.m. at the Little Chapel of the Hills in Divide (located at 69 County Road 5, Divide, CO). All residents/businesses of the Divide Region are welcome and encouraged to attend to receive an update of activities for the past 12 months. Elections will be held for members whose terms expire. Visit the divideplanning.org website for information. The Cripple Creek City Council will meet on Sept. 7 at 5:30 p.m. in the CC Council Chambers Thursday, August Sept. 8 TOPS, Take Off Pounds Sensibly. The original nonprofit weight-loss group is an educational support group providing weekly weigh-ins and programs to help members make positive changes in the role food plays in their lives. Local chapter meets every Thursday at 10 am in Green Mountain Falls at the Church in the Wildwood. Call Evelyn at 719-748-8383 for more information. The Teller County Commissioners will meet on Sept. 8 at 9:15 a.m. at the Centennial Building in Cripple Creek. The Woodland Park Planning Commission will meet on Sept. 8 at 7 p.m. in the WP City Council Chambers, next to city hall, at 7 p.m. Friday, Sept. 9 The Pikes Peak Rotary Club will meet at 7 a.m. at the Woodland Park Public Library every Friday. The Cripple Creek Parks and Recreation will host roller skating and blading activities on every Friday from 1 to 4 p.m. Call 719-689-3514 for more information. Farmer’s Market. Woodland Park’s Award Winning Outdoor Summer Market is held every Friday from June through September near Vectra Bank off Hwy. 24 from 7 a.m. to 1 p.m. Over 80 vendors will be providing Colorado grown vegetables, fruits, plants, and a variety of other products. In addition, you can purchase a wide assortment of baked goods, cheese, pastas, olive oils and personal care products. Don’t forget to swing by the food trucks and tents for breakfast, lunch, musical entertainments and so much more. For more information, call Judy Crummett at 719-689-3133. Freemasonry. Learn about Freemasonry in our community, offering friendship, growth, leadership and providing charity. Learn more details about the Lodge No. 96 at 75 Buffalo Ct. in Divide. Meetings are held the first Friday of the month at 7 p.m. Call Roger at 719-310-0766 for more details. Saturday, Sept. 10 The 25th annual Cruise Above the Clouds show will be held in Woodland Park and Cripple Creek on Sept. 10-11. Dennis Gage will be returning to film this year’s show both in both communities. Registration begins at 7 am and the Poker Run will begin shortly after the trophy presentations. There will be a street dance Saturday night in Cripple Creek along with a beer tent and entertainment. Additional trophies will be presented Saturday evening and Sunday afternoon in Cripple Creek. This year’s show is expected to attract 400-plus cars so space will be very limited. For additional information please go to our web site at www.cruiseabovetheclouds.com, or call 719-687-1058. Senior Center Car Show Pancake Breakfast. A Car Show Pancake Breakfast will be held at the Woodland Park Senior Center, Pine and Lake streets on Saturday, September 10 from 7:30 am to 10:30 am. For a breakfast guaranteed to keep you going throughout the Car Show day, fill up with all you can eat fluffy pancakes, scrambled eggs, sausage, melon and the best biscuits and gravy around! Your home town seniors will be flipping pancakes and scrambling eggs, to be served up with juice and coffee or hot tea for only $8. Kids 6 and under eat for $2. Our open to the public event helps to support the programs and activities of the Woodland Park Senior Center. Garage Sale Mark your calendars for Sept. 10 and 11, and plan to attend Victor’s first Ghost Town Garage Sale Weekend. The town will be making space available in some of the currently unoccupied turn-of-the century buildings for vendors to set up with their wares. The aspen leaves will be golden in color and the rusty gold will abound. In addition, Victor has several great antique stores and eateries that will be offering specials/discounts. Call 574-524-0833 for more information or to reserve a space.Sign up for vendors will be open thru Sept. 5 at Claim Jumper or by emailing at Tuscanyllc@gmail.com. Maps of the sales will be available at claim jumper Sept. 6 through the weekend of the event. Sales will be located throughout town from 8 am-4 pm each day. Call 574-524-0833 for more information or to reserve a space.More information will be available at cityofvictor.com/ghosttown.html Chili Cook-off. Come and enjoy the Cripple Creek District Museum’s 1st annual Chili Cook-off Fundraiser on Sept 10. There will be a prize for every entrant from the tastiest chili to the chili with the most interesting ingredient to the People’s Choice! We want YOU to come and cook your best chili!. Cooking starts at 7 a.m. and judging will be at noon. At that time the chili will be available for tasting (and voting) by the public.We’re also going to make it fun by adding a beauty pageant – for the men! There will also be music and chili dogs and pepper bellies (Frito boats) for sale! Please share this event with your friends and invite, invite, invite them to come! Let’s knock this one out of the park for our District Museum. Call 719-689-9540 for more information. Scootin’ Boots & Country A FREE concert will be held “on the green,” outside the Ute Pass Cultural Center on Saturday, September 10. The event is sponsored by the Woodland Music Series. The musical entertainment includes Sandy Wells at 11 a.m., with high energy outlaw country rockers Ryan Chrys and the Rough Cuts at 12:30 p.m. The free performances will be held at the Midland Pavilion at 210 E. Midland Avenue, in Woodland Park. All ages are welcome. Food, beer, and wine are available. Visit woodlandmusicseries.org. or call 719-689-5785 for more information. Eleven Mile Park Programs. Eleven Mile State Park at Lake George will feature its final weekend of educational and outdoor-related programs and guided hikes on Sept. 10-11. Call 719-748-3401. Sunday, Sept. 11 Movie House Music Supervalue Package Held the second Sunday every month at Gold Hill Theatres in Woodland Park, with the next event scheduled for Sept. 11. A concert will occur from 2:30-4:00 pm and a movie ticket is good anytime and one beer, wine or soft drink all for only $12. Concert and drink only, $7. The Sept. 11 event features popular multi-instrumentalist Ray De Mers and his band The Blue Rays. Season ticket discount are available. For more information, call, 719-687-2210, or visit www.woodlandmusicseries.org. The event is Co-sponsored by Woodland Music Series and Gold Hill Theatres. Hikes for your Health. Join Ranger Shawn for a guided hike on one of the Monument’s 15 miles of trails just for health. These hikes will range from 2 – 4 miles. Bring water, sun protection, and dress in layers. Meet at the visitor center. For more information, call 719) 748-3253 or visit our website: www.nps.gov/flfo or on Facebook at /FlorissantNPS Final Days of Mining Tours. Modern mine tours, which start from Victor’s Lowell Thomas museum, are coming to a conclusion for this year. These popular gold mine tours feature the modern mining operations of Cripple Creek & Victor Gold Mining Company, which is operated by Newmont Mining Company. Tour experiences will offer the chance to see giant haul trucks, shovels and drill rigs in action in the large surface mine between Victor and Cripple Creek, Colorado. Watch boulders being crushed into gravel and learn about the modern refining methods while helping to preserve the district’s 1890’s history – all tour proceeds go to the Museum to help offset operations and building renovation costs. Finaltours are offered Sept. 11 and 12 at 10 and 1 p.m. Check VictorColorado.com for additional tour times and dates. The cost is $7.50 per person – an affordable way for the entire family to see a real working gold mine. Only children 5 years of age and older are allowed on the tours. Upcoming Cripple Creepshow. Thin Air Theatre Company (TATC), now in its 10th year at the Butte Theater, will stage the “Cripple Creepshow” Sept. 30-Oct. 30. This original play is created by collaboration between TATC artists Chris Sorensen, Mickey Burdick, Mel Moser, and Chris Armbrister.A mysterious show rolls into town, tents are erected, and the audience files in. But what happens when the stories told begin to leave the stage and cross into real life? Join us this Halloween season for an anthology in the vein of “Tales from the Darkside,” “The Twilight Zone,” and “Night Gallery.” In distinctly Cripple Creek fashion, four short stories come to life, based on such lore as “The Portrait of Dorian Gray”, “Dr. Jekyl and Mr. Hyde”, “The Monkey’s Paw”, and the “Tale of Sasquatch”; all blended with music and a touch of comedy. The show is directed by Chris Armbrister, and musically directed by James Mablin, and features many of TATC’s favorite actors, including Nick Madson, JT Rider and more. As an extra bonus, this show is followed by a very special Halloween Olio, full of dance, music and spooktacular comedy. For more information and to make online reservations, visit ButteTheater.com. To make phone reservations, call 719-689-3247. A Day of Tall Tales & Mining History. Victor’s historic Strong Mine will be the center of attention on Saturday, Oct. 1. Stories at the Strong: A Day of Tall Tales & Mining History will be held at the 1899 mine site. The event is sponsored by the Victor Lowell Thomas Museum. This is the second year for the event. The day will begin at 11:30 a.m. with a tour of the compressor house, surface plant, and hoist house of the Strong Mine. The tour guide will be Two Mile High Mining Co. owner Jim Watson. The one-hour tour will be followed by storytelling with some of the mining district’s well-seasoned miners conjuring up memories and weaving tales about their experiences and the old days underground. The Victor Elks will cook and sell hotdogs and brats on the grill and, weather allowing, marshmallows can be roasted as fixings for smores. The cost of the event, benefiting the museum, is $10 per person with children under 5 free. The entrance fee includes the tour and storytelling session. Lunch and smores are available at an additional cost. Tickets can be reserved on line at VictorColorado.com or purchased at the museum or at the gate the day of the event by cash only. For more information, visit VictorColorado.com or call 719-689-5509. Manitou Springs/Colorado Springs Learn the History and Live the Fun. Start the haunting season off with a historic guided tour of Fairview Cemetery by moonlight. At the Fairview Cemetery on Sept. 17 from 6 to 8 p.m. Hear the tale of the two madams who met violent deaths; the Reverent who took an unwanted winter shower; a founding father who was murdered; the railroad worker who met a gruesome death on the Midland; and much more!! Learn the history of Colorado City with murder and mayhem.This event benefits the Old Colorado Historical Society. Reserve your tour by calling 719-636-1225. Tickets are $20 per person with group rates available. Don’t miss this fun family event. “LEARN THE HISTORY AND LIVE THE FUN.” Post navigation ← TMJ Week of 9.6.16 DA’s Office to Investigate Possible Destruction of Body Camera Footage → Weather Updates Image of the Week Woodland Park Cripple Creek Manitou Springs Florissant Green Mountain Falls Victor Canon City This Weeks Front Page In Print Twitter Tweets by @TMountainJ Like Us On Facebook Here Cripple Creek Today The Cripple Creek Today Blog is to inform, entertain and engage residents and visitors alike. Take a Look... TMJ Distribution Centers Pick up TMJ at over 150 businesses (click here for the list) CategoriesCategories Select Category Almanac Beth Dodd Biz: Lodging Biz: Restaurants Business Stories Cathy Mahrholz Classified Colorado Alternatives Special Section Commentary Contact Us COS Airport Status/Delays CR Chambers Cripple Creek Cripple Creek Eli Stone Front Page General Green Mountain Falls Horoscope Letters Local Local Event Calendar Manitou Meet a Creeker Mike Parish News Obituaries Photo Gallery Police Rick Langenberg Robert Volpe Sponsors/Ad Square Peg TMJ Distribution Centers U-Report Victor Happenings Videos Waldo Canyon Fire Photo Gallery Waldo Canyon Pics Weather Woodland Park Woodland Park Pages About Browse Ads Browse Categories Search Ads Tags Almanac cheap michael coach purses u Commentary divide Front Page Local Announcements Manitou michael kors 2 michael kors p michael kors w Mike Parish Police Rick Langenberg Steve Kipp Woodland Park Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 November 2011 September 2011 July 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 Recent Posts Broncos Keep the Dream Alive – Bob Volpe November 15, 2016 John (Jack) Raymond Derby, Jr., of Divide passed away on November 10. November 15, 2016 Charis and Northern Lights Media Present The Heart of Christmas A Musical Sometimes a gift can change your life forever The holidays are a time when families seem to be pulled in many directions. Why not take an evening or an afternoon away to enjoy The Heart of Christmas? Be transported back through time as a family discovers how the simple act of giving a gift can change their lives forever. Let this beautiful story, interwoven with classic Christmas carols and songs, lead you and yours to the true heart of Christmas. On December 9-11, we will have four showings to choose from, including a Saturday matinee. You won’t want to miss this theater presentation at Charis Bible College Colorado’s campus, The Sanctuary. This scenic mountain property will be a winter wonderland offering festive food and other holiday delights. You can even have a family photo professionally taken to make this a cherished Christmas memory of your own. For reservations, call 719-635-1111, or reserve your seat online: www.heartofchristmas.org. Don’t miss this new holiday tradition and the chance to receive The Heart of Christmas—a true gift that will change your life forever! November 15, 2016 WP DDA Negotiating Plans to Pay Off City Debt – Board Mulling Efforts to Take over Veterans and Biker Rally – By Beth Dodd November 15, 2016 Cripple Creek May Turn to Legal Pot for Fiscal Relief – Rick Langenberg November 15, 2016 Copyright © 2014 The Mountain Jackpot News All Rights Reserved. Magazine Premium created by c.bavota.
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Whole Foods taps former Walmart exec to head up marketing Whole Foods Market named the former VP of marketing for Walmart’s Sam’s Club division as global VP of marketing.   Want to Read More? This content is available only to registered users. Log in to read the rest of this article or create a free account. Log In Or, Create an Account >> Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented Online fashion retailer files Chapter 11 First Look: Nike SoHo is something to see — and experience Safeway to acquire 87-year-old specialty grocery New York & Co. names Sears, Ann Taylor vet to head up marketing and online Ballard Designs expanding with new store prototype Rebecca Minkoff puts virtual mirror into shoppers hands Target axes kids’ shopping carts Unusual deal gives Aeropostale new lease on life — and it just got better Flip-Flop Shops on the move Target first out of the gate with holiday hiring plans Solutions Spotlight Holiday Uptime: Preparing Your Network for the Holiday Rush Your network connection is more than just a means of connecting your point-of-sale system – it’s a driving force of your online and in-store experiences. And when it’s not working, your revenues, customers and even your brand reputation suffer. This webinar explores the ways you can prepare your network for the holiday rush. Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you think holiday 2016 sales will be: Better than last year About the same as last year Worse than last year Hot Concepts Furniture retailer to open chain of boutique hotels West Elm is expanding into the hotel business. And most everything in the... The North Face premiers new concept pop-up The North Face is trying on a new store format.   The retailer has... Google setting up shop in New York City In what could be a prelude to a retail strategy, Google is doing up a pop-up... More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Retail Next: The biggest, busiest shopping days of the year will be… Move over Black Friday.   The biggest shopping day in terms of... Forecast calls for early holiday blitz in stores Nearly half of holiday shoppers will hit the stores before Nov. 1 — and... Report: Brands aren’t prepared to excel at e-commerce With an eye on merging the physical and virtual shopping experience, too many... Trending Stores The Clinic, Denver Business is booming in the fast-growing business of medical and recreational cannabis. And the shops that specialize in the trade are taking their game up more than a few notches. More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS Golden Hammer Awards   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media HellaWella Health Events Live   © 2016 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
about contact Show Menu Menu Categories  Crafts & Celebrations Food & Recipes Money & Finance Life Home & Organization Parenting & Family Reads The M Challenge Printables Recent Fashion & Beauty One Piece, Many Ways: Making the Most of Your Capsule Wardrobe Last week I talked about how to shop for a capsule wardrobe on a small budget and shared some of my favorite finds with you from the big box stores. Boutique options often feel out of our price range and, in my experience, sometimes feel like one trick ponies. I am partnering up with a local business, Ali on the Boulevard, to showcase items that you can get LOTS of wear out of and the highest priced item is just $38, keeping you right within your budget. Once you see all the ways that you can style these, I know that you will see how versatile they are for your wardrobe and the diversity in these pieces. All items are available for shipping to you and online so you can take advantage of these pieces no matter where you live. Let’s get started! wrap dress, (ali on the boulevard), nude heels (similar, target), burgundy bubble necklace (similar, kohls), faux tan legs (amazon), bralette (ali on the boulevard) Wrap Dress Style #1 If you are looking for an alternative to your little black dress, I found this gray heathered wrap dress (did you see she named it after me- awww!!)  in an a-line cut that makes a great substitute. Wrap dresses, as long as I have been around, never go out of style and are a fun piece to accessorize with. The material is very soft and feels like a nightgown. I am wearing a Small and I find this to just fit. I would size up one in this one! Ali advised wearing this with a bralette. You know that I have preached and preached that Coobi bras are the next best thing to sliced bread, but I did hear from you that some of you can’t pull it off without support (LUCKY DUCKS!). Her shop offers bralettes that are not padded and can be worn with your regular bra, offering the support you need, without the bulk, seam, or annoying roll-up of a cami. Cami rolls are the worst. This first look is a great look for a nice dinner out or for church! wrap dress, (ali on the boulevard), flannel shirt (similar, j. crew), tassel booties- your feet will say thank you over and over again (tom’s), zodiac necklace (ali on the boulevard) Wrap Dress Style #2 Here is the same dress, but now I am wearing it like a skirt, a trick anyone with a capsule wardrobe is doing on repeat in their wardrobe! I tucked the tie inside the shirt and tied the hem of my flannel shirt. I am wearing a J. Crew factory flannel in an XS and I can’t rave enough on how well this washes and the fit on this shirt. You will get lots of wear out of that piece too!  This didn’t need a lot of accessorizing so I went with a small zodiac necklace from the shop. You can see a close-up on my IG feed. wrap dress, (ali on the boulevard), mustard cardigan- (h&m), burgundy tights (target), tan boots (thredup) Wrap Dress Style #3 Dresses can still look cozy especially when paired with a longer cardigan, boots, and tights. I tied the tie towards the back so you wouldn’t have it hanging out in the front. This is a great look to look dressier, but still super comfy for your day. If you haven’t discovered fleece tights, get some for winter. You can find them even at Walmart now! wrap dress, (ali on the boulevard), burgundy cardigan- (h&m), burgundy tights (target), tan boots (thredup), gray & white rose patterned scarf- check out her scarf collection (ali on the boulevard),  belt (similar, target) Wrap Dress Styling #4 Indiana can get chilly so I do a lot of scarves and sweater layerings to fight off the cold. This time I am just doing tone on tone. Gray dress, gray scarf, burgundy cardigan, burgundy tights. Adding a belt makes this feel more like a skirt again! wrap dress, (ali on the boulevard), jean vest (thredup- here is a similar one on budget) , burgundy tights (target), tan boots (thredup), pearls (similar, target) Wrap Dress Styling #5 Jean vests are such a versatile piece so I am excited to add that to the capsule this year. A bib necklace of pearls adds a feminine touch to the denim and, once again, it’s all layered over that basic wrap dress! Here is a side-by-side shot if you prefer pinning that way! Can you believe that is the same wrap dress? rust sweater- olive in stock and rust returning!! (ali on the boulevard), black pants with zipper detail (ali on the boulevard), long & short necklaces (ali on the boulevard),  world’s comfiest leopard flats (Amazon), bralette (ali on the boulevard) Oversized Sweater Styling #1 Ponchos and capes are so fun, but can be a PAIN to stay on and the fabric can be a lot to maneuver on a petite frame. I find the ones without arm holes to be distracting and the ones with arm holes to limit my range of motion. I also hate doing chores around the house with a lot of fabric on me. I am PARTICULAR.  This sweater has the shape of a cape, but is a sweater with sleeves. Ali has these in a few color options for you. I am wearing the Rust colored one and a size Small. This fits true to size! In this styling I am pairing these very simply with a basic black pant, leopard slip-ons, and a long & short simple necklace. rust sweater (ali on the boulevard), black pants with zipper detail (ali on the boulevard), long & short necklaces and bracelet- shop the collection (ali on the boulevard),  world’s comfiest leopard flats (Amazon), belt (similar, target), bralette (ali on the boulevard) Oversized Sweater Styling #2 I prefer a cinched waist so this is the same styling, just with a belt. I think it gives it a totally different look without a lot of style switches. rust sweater (ali on the boulevard), black pants with zipper detail (ali on the boulevard), world’s comfiest black flats (Amazon), mustard scarf (anthro from thredup, linking to similar) mustard belt (j. crew from thredup, linking to similar) Oversized Sweater Styling #2 I like color so I have lots of colored belts and scarves to dress up my wardrobe basics. Adding a colored belt and scarf makes this sweater feel like a different piece. You could also chose just one or the other instead of layering on both! rust sweater (ali on the boulevard), black pants with zipper detail (ali on the boulevard), black bralette (ali on the boulevard), tan boots (thredup), mint statement necklace (similar), bralette (ali on the boulevard) Oversized Sweater Styling #3 You know when you see pictures of women wearing capes and gazing at their cell phones while holding tiny dogs in their purses? I feel like this is tiny dog in a purse style and I don’t even like dogs. #teamcats!! You can pick a statement necklace in any color and make this look a little different. The best part is how comfy this is while still looking polished. Here is a side-by-side shot if you prefer pinning that way! I LOVE this piece! textured printed t-shirt (ali on the boulevard),  Just Black black jeans (Stitch Fix), Moccasins (Kenneth Cole, Stitch Fix).  chevron necklace (francesca’s) Plain tees can get a little boring so I was excited to find this t-shirt because the cut is really flattering (and comes in a curvy size too for my curvier friends-holla!). The best part about  this piece is that the front is as cute as the back. This shirt runs true to size and I am wearing a small! Hard to show you the back so this is the best I could pull off, but you can see it MUCH better on her site. Isn’t that cute? T-Shirt Styling #1 This is a great mom uniform- a cute t-shirt, black jeans, and suede moccasins. I am still madly in love with my chevron necklace and this looks great with this shirt. This is a great outfit for running my kids back and forth to activities. textured printed t-shirt (ali on the boulevard), suede booties(similar,old navy), rose jeans (similar, 6PM), jeweled statement necklace (similar, romwe) T-Shirt Styling #2 Colored jeans can be fun and I love pairing this with my rose jeans. Suede booties and a statement necklace in similar tones completes this look and makes it a fun one to go out on the town with! textured printed t-shirt (ali on the boulevard), black pants with zipper detail (ali on the boulevard),  Madden Girl Open Toe Booties (similar, Macy’s), mustard tassel clutch (similar, cotton on), fringe necklace (WALMART!!, but linking to similar) T-Shirt Styling #3 Tees don’t always feel like great going out choices, but I have found with the right accessories, they can feel quite dressy. This bib necklace made of fringe was a $4 find from Walmart that I still love. Paired with black pants, booties, and a bright clutch, this would make the perfect sushi date outfit with my hubby! textured printed t-shirt (ali on the boulevard), black pants with zipper detail (ali on the boulevard), black cardigan (h&m), tan boots (thredup), red skinny belt (target), pearl necklace (ali on the boulevard) T-Shirt Styling #4 I feel like I could style this shirt and pants the very next day and no one would even know this was the same shirt and pants! Layering a neutral cardigan over it and cinching the tee waist with a skinny belt adds a totally different look. It hides the pattern, making this feel like a different piece. Here is another side by side for you! I love the versatility of this piece! You may not have noticed that these pants are on repeat too. Did you catch that? If you are looking for something that fits like a legging, but offers support and doesn’t pill, these are an EXCELLENT option.  On me, they sit above the belly button and are full length. For taller girls, this might have a cropped affect (LUCKY LADIES!!).  The shot all the way to the right is how I folded them inside themselves so they would look more cropped. My favorite part is the zippered detail on the side. How cute is that? These fit true to size and have faux pockets on the back that make them look like a pant (without the bulk of a pocket), but offer an elastic waistband. I know I will be wearing these all the time and I am told that they wash like a dream. I still would wear something with full butt coverage over them, personally (elderly hipster!), but I like that they look like a structured traditional pant instead of tights. You might be surprised to know that I wear my sneakers A LOT. These pants pair perfectly with sneakers. My favorite classic New Balance  sneakers are always in rotation, but I know those can be a little pricey. Ali actually sells these adorable sneakers for $26 (!!!), that look so stylish and are surprisingly comfortable. I have a wide foot and this is wide enough for my block feet. These only come in whole sizes. I teeter between a 7 and a 7.5, but the 7’s still had plenty of toe room for me! There was no need to break these in- I never had a blister. You can’t beat that price for an attractive street sneaker. I can’t wait to hear what you think of these looks AND I hope you can help me support a small business owner. This is a great opportunity to help a woman owned business succeed & stock smart basics in your capsule! This post contains affiliate links. I only recommend what I love- promise!! Your purchases help sustain this site so THANK YOU!! Ali & I are working on a partnership to offer our readers affordable clothing options for your capsule wardrobe needs. Thank you for supporting her small business! Published September 06, 2016 by: Amy Allen Clark is the founder of MomAdvice.com. You can read all about her here. Handmade Autumn Burlap Wreath Tutorial Amy's Notebook 09.07.16 Subscribe to the Newsletter Email: Woohoo! You're all signed up for the newsletter. Something isn't working. We'll need to look into what went wrong. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus About MomAdvice About Amy Clark @momadvice Follow on Facebook Follow on Pinterest Contact Us Privacy Policy
Home White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Calendar About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here Channels Featured Products White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Channels Customer Experience Digital Experience DAM Digital Workplace SharePoint & Office 365 Web CMS Mobile Document Mgt Speed Is Best Measure of Customer Experience By Gerry McGovern | Sep 6, 2016 CHANNEL: Customer Experience The basics of customer experience is helping people do what they want to do. However, if you want to excel in customer experience you must help people do what they want as quickly as possible. For every second faster Walmart.com has been able to make its pages load, it has had a 2 percent lift in conversions. Firefox reduced its page load time by 2.2 seconds and had 10 million extra downloads as a result. The Financial Times found that a one second delay in page downloads caused a 4.9 percent drop in the number of articles read. A three second delay caused a 7.2 percent drop. An Alexa study found that the top 10 sites on the web are significantly lighter than other sites. The study showed that while page size for the top sites rose until 2014, after that the size began to drop substantially, as the page size for other sites continued to quickly grow. When GQ magazine reduced its page load time from seven to one and a half seconds, unique visitors rose from 6 million to 11 million in one month. A 2015 study by Radware stated that “a site that loads in 3 seconds experiences 22 percent fewer page views, a 50 percent higher bounce rate, and a 22 percent fewer conversions than a site that loads in 1 second, while a site that loads in 5 seconds experiences 35 percent fewer page views, a 105 percent higher bounce rate, and 38 percent fewer conversions.”  Google discovered that even a 400 millisecond delay could result in 8 million less searches per day. Amazon found that a page load slowdown of just one second could cost it $1.6 billion in lost sales each year. Etsy found that an additional 160 kilobytes added to a page resulted in a 12 percent increase in bounce rate on mobile. Almost half of respondents to a 2015 Google survey said their top frustration was waiting for slow pages to load. Slow pages was way ahead of any other issue.  Online shoppers expected pages to load in two seconds — and at three seconds, a large number abandon the site, the New York Times reported in 2012. The same report noted people will visit a web site less often if it’s slower than a close competitor by more than a quarter of a second. Helping people complete tasks gets you onto the pitch. It allows you to play the game. But if you want a chance of winning you must focus relentlessly on speed.  Of course, it’s not simply about how fast your pages download. Your content must be optimized for speed by making it as simple and as fast to read as possible. You must remove all distractions whether they be unnecessary links or graphics or fields in a form. You must constantly simplify your processes. How can you bring it down from a five step application process to a four step one? Making it faster and simpler for the customer should be the number one conversation on Monday morning. Speed should drive the agenda. In digital, speed is the customer experience. About the Author Gerry McGovern is the founder and CEO of Customer Carewords. He is widely regarded as the worldwide authority on increasing web satisfaction by managing customer tasks. 0 Comments Top Articles Related Articles Recent Comments Think of Microsoft’s New Outlook Customer Manager as Salesforce Light Tableau Shifts from Visual Analytics to 'Complete Data Play' Gartner Rates 4 ECM Vendors Leaders, Drops 3 Others to Challengers The Collaboration Community's Big Dirty Productivity Secret 7 Big Problems with the Internet of Things Think of Microsoft’s New Outlook Customer Manager as Salesforce Light 10 Social Media Tactics for B2B Marketers Design Through Customer Use Phil Fernandez Out at Marketo, Marc Andreessen Joins Dialpad Board, More News Microsoft Takes a Swipe at Salesforce with Dynamics 365 Release Useful Article? Email this Article Stumble This Follow @CMSWire Tags cxm, customer experience, gerry mcgovern, load time, content strategy   Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Resources CMSWire's DX Summit Content Marketing Document Management Software Selecting a Web CMS SharePoint Migration Tools List Sitecore Consultant View All Events Add Your Event Events RSS Featured Events Nov 22 CMSWire Tweet Jam: The Productivity Paradox #SocBizChat Nov 30 [Earley Executive Roundtable] Back to Basics: Getting to the Next Level in Knowledge Management Dec 1 [Igloo Webinar] Don't get left behind: Create a unified digital workplace before it's too late Dec 6 Gartner Application Strategies & Solutions Summit Nov 13 CMSWire's DX Summit Chicago 2017 About Us CMSWire is a popular web magazine published by Simpler Media Group. We focus on intelligent information management, digital customer experience management and the emergence of social business tools and practices. Read more about us or learn how to advertise here. We also have a Reader Advisory Board. More: Monthly Editorial Calendar Article Submission Guidelines DX Summit 2016 Advertiser Media Kit Stay In the Loop Get Our Newsletter Most Popular Articles Think of Microsoft’s New Outlook Customer Manager as Salesforce Light view comments Tableau Shifts from Visual Analytics to 'Complete Data Play' view comments Gartner Rates 4 ECM Vendors Leaders, Drops 3 Others to Challengers view comments The Collaboration Community's Big Dirty Productivity Secret view comments 7 Big Problems with the Internet of Things view comments Recent Comments © 2016 Simpler Media Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy. Terms of Use. Powered by Sitecore and Coveo. SMGP v2.1.6159.2426. NL-01a Get the CMSWire Newsletter Receive concise summaries of what's happening in your industry Get access to exclusive reports, white papers and webinars We take your privacy seriously NL-03a Get the CMSWire Newsletter You'll receive: Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Early Event Invites Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously Get the CMSWire Newsletter Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously You'll receive Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Webinar Invites NL-03a Join 55,000 of your peers Get the CMSWire newsletter. Access exclusive news, best practices and events.
null
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Friday 18 Nov 2016 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment CREDO to donate USD150,000 to progressive nonprofits By Gulli Arnason in Media and Technology · September 6, 2016 CREDO has reported its plans to donate more than USD150,000 to OUR Wal-Mart, Public Citizen–Stop the TPP and Southern Poverty Law Center, the company said. Since 1985, CREDO has donated more than USD81 million to progressive organizations fighting for women´s rights, economic justice, voting rights, the environment and more. Acts of commerce support CREDO Action, a social change network with four million activists, and CREDO Donations, the company´s philanthropy program. CREDO is a mobile carrier that gives individuals the power to make positive social change every day. Related posts Gilat Satcom connects DRC customers over O3b Network November 18, 2016 Gilat Satcom has gone live on O3b´s unique ´Fiber in the Sky´ satellite network, offering... Harris weather instrument, ground system key to US government next-generation weather mission November 18, 2016 Harris Corporation´s (NYSE:HRS) new Advanced Baseline Imager (ABI) weather instrument and enterprise ground system will... WOW! Q3 revenue up from Q2 figures November 18, 2016 WOW! Internet, Cable & Phone third quarter ended September 30, 2016, with total revenue of... Comcast Cable, NBCUniversal names new SVP November 18, 2016 Comcast Cable and NBCUniversal has named Kathy Kelly-Brown new senior vice president, strategic initiatives. In... Broadview ranks on Crain's for 9th consecutive year November 18, 2016 Broadview Networks has placed 92nd on the Crain´s New York Business annual ranking of the... « Connectria launches Citrix cloud services for rapid Citrix deployments Rohde & Schwarz test solutions help define, standardize 5G » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 September 2016 M T W T F S S « Aug   Oct »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2016 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.

Politics 89.3 KPCC Listen Live News Programs Events Support Us About Us KPCC on Twitter KPCC on Facebook KPCC on Google+ Search KPCC Donate Now Show Nav 89.3 KPCC Close Listen Live News Programs Events Support Us About Us Follow KPCC KPCC on Twitter KPCC on Facebook KPCC on Google+ 89.3 KPCC Close Search: Teachers unions launch ads criticizing political spending by charter advocates Kyle Stokes Show caption FILE - Alex Caputo-Pearl, president of United Teachers Los Angeles, a union representing L.A. Unified teachers, speaks during a rally in February. Kyle Stokes/KPCC Audio from this story 0:55 Listen Share Share via Emailemail Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Leaders of California's largest teachers union have launched a new ad campaign, but this time they're not battling for hearts and minds on school policy. They're competing against charter school advocates to get politicians elected to office — with some schoolyard name calling. In the months leading up to the June primary, the two largest charter school groups spent more than $10.4 million in "independent expenditures" on fourteen races — the most they have spent in this type of political influence in any election cycle since at least 2002. The spending was an overt strategy to influence primary races.  And it was aided by several major donors, including philanthropist Eli Broad who gave more than $1 million dollars. Among the other wealthy donors are Netflix CEO Reed Hastings and Wal-Mart heirs Alice, Jim and Carrie Walton. The ad campaign the union launched in response last week, dubbed "Kids Not Profits," denounces these contributions; one radio spot claims rich donors are "paying to push their agenda on the rest of us." "These are very deep pockets," California Teachers Association president Eric Heins said. The union has only spent $236,000 so far this election season, on two state legislative races, according to data from the Secretary of State's office. But charter advocates said unions are being hypocritical. "They have historically, significantly outspent what you have seen us spending thus far in this cycle, for example," said Gary Borden, executive director of the California Charter Schools Association's political arm, CCSA Advocates. "The notion that [the unions] don’t have the capacity to spend significantly in these races is, I think, certainly a fallacy." The teacher's union is certainly a juggernaut in Sacramento politics, commonly ranking among the biggest campaign donors. But there's conflicting evidence about whether charter school backers have mustered the money to unseat CTA from this perch. The union is right that charter groups have spent more in 2016 on independent expenditures — that is, spending on a race by an outside group that isn't coordinated with the affected candidates. It is also true that the union has donated much more in direct contributions to candidates and causes than charter school advocates have. The two most active pro-charter groups, EdVoice and CCSA Advocates, have together given around $475,000 in direct contributions to candidates, campaigns or other political action committees this year. The CTA has contributed around $1.6 million in direct contributions in 2016. Its smaller counterpart, the California Federation of Teachers, has made around $880,000 in contributions. In 2013 and 2014, the two teachers unions contributed more than $21.7 million to campaigns. They also spent $7.5 million in 2014 through an independent expenditure committee the CTA set up specifically to support their favored candidate for state schools superintendent, Tom Torlakson. Borden said CCSA Advocates made a strategic decision to spend heavily during the primary races — especially in state legislative campaigns — because they feared a high-profile presidential contest and other statewide races will drown out local races in the general. Charter groups spent big during primary races in hopes they'd be more effective in raising their favored candidates' name recognition, Borden said. The impact of this strategy on the independent expenditure numbers, though, has been stark. As KPCC reported in June, spending by one pro-charter school group accounted for more than 70 percent of the outside money spent in the contest between Glendale Democrats Ardy Kassakhian and Laura Friedman, both hoping to win the 43rd District seat in the California State Assembly. Both charter and union backers want allies in elected office, particularly in Sacramento, where they're battling over a number of different policies: how many years teachers must spend in the classroom before receiving "tenure" protections, for instance; or whether to more tightly regulate charter schools' admission practices. The battles closer to home continue as well. Two members of the L.A. school board are up for re-election in March 2017. Board president Steve Zimmer, historically a favorite of teachers union leaders, faces a steep challenge from Nick Melvoin, who has already raised more than $124,000 — including $1,100 from charter supporter Eli Broad. Zimmer has raised around $7,300. Mónica García, who has received $2,200 from Broad and his wife Edythe, also enjoys a wide fundraising lead over her charter-opposed challenger, Carl Petersen. But it's still early and the teachers union's ability to mobilize the vote is priceless. Like the state union, United Teachers Los Angeles, which represents L.A. Unified teachers, recently launched a "public awareness campaign," featuring images of smiling teachers on more than 100 billboards and bus bench ads. Politically, UTLA sees the campaign as part of the "long game," said the union's secretary, Daniel Barnhart. He said the ads are a response to the same concern the CTA mentions: the growth of charter schools backed by for-profit operators or wealthy political donors. "We want to raise awareness about the need to support public schools and also to kind of reclaim the narrative. The notion of what it means to be ‘public' has been diluted a little bit," Barnhart said, referring to the union argument that charters siphon public funding away from school districts while being held to different regulatory standards. "We run the risk of diluting what it means to be a public school or to be in support of public education." The best SoCal news in your inbox, daily. Catch up each morning with KPCC's Short List newsletter. Sign Up Related Links FAQ: What's 'dark money' and other murky campaign finance terms Article With $10M prize, LA teachers try to reinvent school for homeless kids Audio Share Share via Emailemail Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Join the discussion. Tap here to jump to this article's comments. Become a KPCC Sponsor More from this Topic SoCal Politics Anaheim, other OC cities move to 1-member council districts Democracy isn't a spectator sport. Have you got a game plan? FAQ: What's 'dark money' and other murky campaign finance terms Popular now on KPCC Human Voter Guide: Vote by mail ballot deadline and more Meet the mountain lions of LA Prop 65 and 67: California voters will decide fate of plastic bags Help KPCC improve our comments section! Take a 5 minute survey Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Become a KPCC Sponsor Play Pause     Download audio file Mute Unmute Stop and Close KPCC's Politics coverage is a Southern California resource provided by member-supported public radio. We can't do it without you. Your contributions power KPCC. Give today. 89.3 KPCC 89.3 KPCC 89.1 KUOR 90.3 KVLA Support the voices you trust! Pledge Now Sections Local US & World Politics Science Arts & Entertainment Business Crime & Justice Education Health Archive Programs Take Two AirTalk Off-Ramp The Frame Programs A–Z Program Schedule Program Archive Events KPCC In Person Sponsored Events Stay Connected Facebook Twitter Google Plus Newsletters RSS Podcasts Get our new KPCC for iPad app. About About KPCC Staff Contact Us Help / FAQ Feedback Careers @ KPCC 89.3 KPCC Southern California Public Radio 474 S. Raymond Ave. Pasadena, CA 91105 Call in: 866-893-5722 Our Partners American Public Media National Public Radio BBC Public Radio International NBC 4 Pasadena City College Terms & Conditions Privacy Feedback © 2016 Southern California Public Radio
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Full access FAQ Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 63° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Showers early then continued cloudy and windy in the afternoon. Morning high of 63F with temps falling sharply to near 40. Winds SSW at 20 to 30 mph. Chance of rain 30%. Winds could occasionally gust over 40 mph.. Tonight Cloudy with gusty winds. Low 32F. Winds NW at 25 to 35 mph. Winds could occasionally gust over 40 mph. Updated: November 18, 2016 @ 8:24 am Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close 1 of 5 Buy Now Erik Daily, LEE NEWSPAPERS Isabella Williams, 4, tosses candy while riding on her father Jon’s shoulders during Monday’s Labor Day Parade on La Crosse’s North Side. The Williams were marching with Amalgamated Transit Union Local 519. Buy Now Erik Daily, La Crosse Tribune Jan Herold and Eli, her service dog, participate in the Labor Day Parade with Paws for Independence. Buy Now Erik Daily, La Crosse Tribune Miles Weatherford, 8, throws candy while walking with the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers and Trainmen Division 13. Buy Now Erik Daily, La Crosse Tribune Members of the La Crosse Education Association march in the Labor Day Parade. Buy Now Erik Daily, La Crosse Tribune The Warriors perform in the Labor Day Parade. featured Wages, long stagnant, show signs of improvement Jim Puzzanghera Los Angeles Times MARC WEHRS Sep 6, 2016 0 Buy Now Erik Daily, LEE NEWSPAPERS Isabella Williams, 4, tosses candy while riding on her father Jon’s shoulders during Monday’s Labor Day Parade on La Crosse’s North Side. The Williams were marching with Amalgamated Transit Union Local 519. Buy Now Erik Daily, La Crosse Tribune Jan Herold and Eli, her service dog, participate in the Labor Day Parade with Paws for Independence. Buy Now Erik Daily, La Crosse Tribune Miles Weatherford, 8, throws candy while walking with the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers and Trainmen Division 13. Buy Now Erik Daily, La Crosse Tribune Members of the La Crosse Education Association march in the Labor Day Parade. Buy Now Erik Daily, La Crosse Tribune The Warriors perform in the Labor Day Parade. WASHINGTON (TNS) — For millions of Americans, a reminder of the economic damage of the 2007-09 recession has arrived every week or two for years — in their paychecks. Painfully slow wage growth has limited economic recovery, with many workers getting few if any raises. But there are signs that has started to change. The falling unemployment rate has led to more competition for workers, spurring solid gains in average hourly earnings in recent months. Those pressures, amplified by laws providing minimum-wage increases in California, New York and elsewhere, also are triggering changes for the workers who need raises the most. Beginning last year, large companies such as Wal-Mart, Starbucks, McDonald’s and JPMorgan Chase increased what they pay their lowest-level employees. “A pay increase is the right thing to do,” JPMorgan Chase Chief Executive Jamie Dimon said recently in announcing raises that would bring the hourly pay of bank tellers, customer service representatives and other employees to at least $12 an hour in three years, from the current $10.15. “Wages for many Americans have gone nowhere for too long,” he wrote in a New York Times opinion article. The same message has emanated from the presidential campaigns of Republicans and Democrats. When adjusted for inflation, median annual household incomes declined to $53,657 in 2014, the most recent year for which government data are available, from $57,724 in 2000. “Household incomes are more than $4,000 lower than their levels in the year 2000,” Republican nominee Donald Trump said at a rally in Virginia last month. “Think of it … you’re making $4,000 less now than you did 16, 17 years ago.” Wage growth already was taking a hit this century for several reasons. One factor is the loss of bargaining power caused by a drop in the share of private-sector unionized workers; another is the decline in higher-paying manufacturing jobs as companies moved more factories abroad. As a result, the share of money flowing into households from wages began falling sharply compared with capital income from interest and dividends, according to a study last year by the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia. The 2008 financial crisis and the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression amplified those changes, further stifling overall wage growth. But after two years of strong job growth, job openings are near record levels. That’s forced employers to raise pay to attract new workers and retain existing ones, economists said. Average hourly earnings increased 2.4 percent for the 12 months ended Aug. 31. Annual wage gains have been consistently in that range since last fall — they reached a seven-year high of 2.7 percent year-over-year in July — an improvement from the tepid 2 percent during much the first six years of the recovery. With annual inflation running below 1 percent, the accelerating wage growth is boosting workers’ purchasing power. In addition, more middle-income jobs are being created than was the case earlier in the economic recovery, indicating that wage gains are being spread more evenly among the workforce. From 2010 to 2013, new jobs that paid between about $30,000 and $50,000 annually lagged well behind high- and low-wage positions, according to research released recently by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. But from 2013-15, the U.S. added about 2.3 million middle-income jobs in fields such as construction, education, and transportation. During the same period, the economy created about 1.5 million high-paying jobs and about 1.6 million low-paying jobs. Some states and localities have tried to accelerate wage recovery for low-income workers by raising minimum wages. There now are 29 states, plus the District of Columbia, that have minimum wages higher than the federal level of $7.25 an hour, which hasn’t budged since 2009. In April, California Gov. Jerry Brown signed legislation that will raise the minimum wage in California to $15 an hour by 2022. Also in April, New York enacted legislation that will raise the minimum wage there to $15. The increases vary by region — faster for New York City, slower for more rural areas — and it is unclear when the entire state will hit that level. As the states with the nation’s largest and third-largest populations moved to increase their minimum wages, large companies realized that they’d soon have to raise the pay of many of their workers. That was one factor behind the nationwide pay raises that several began announcing last year. “We certainly are mindful of wage increases in various states throughout the country,” McDonald’s chief financial officer Kevin M. Ozan said during an earnings call in July “It has, from a purely business standpoint, created an incentive to lift the wages at the bottom across their workforces,” said Christine Owens, executive director of the National Employment Law Project, which has been pushing for a $15-an-hour minimum wage. “A lot of companies … were getting a lot of bad press about how they treated their employees, and raising wages was an obvious way to respond to that,” she said. Early last year, Wal-Mart became the first major employer to announce raises for its lowest-paid workers. It now pays them at least $10 an hour once they finish the company’s training program. Wal-Mart is spending $2.7 billion over two years to increase pay, bringing the average full-time hourly rate for its workers to $13.38. Brett Biggs, the company’s chief financial officer, predicted the investment “will pay off long-term.” “Whether it’s lower attrition rates in the stores, better motivated associates, we think we’ll see the benefits from that,” he told an investor conference in June. Starbucks Chief Executive Howard Schultz cited similar reasons after announcing this summer that the company would raise base pay for its workers by at least 5 percent in October. The company’s baristas earn an average of about $9.40 an hour, according to Glassdoor. “What we want to try and do is really get ahead of any federal or state mandate to be the employer of choice,” Schultz told analysts on an earnings call in July. After saying last year that he opposed an increase in the federal minimum wage, Trump this summer said he thought it should be raised to at least $10. The Democratic Party’s official platform calls for increasing the federal minimum wage to $15. “Raising the federal minimum wage won’t just put more money in the pockets of low-income families, it also means they will spend more at the businesses in their neighborhoods,” Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton told a Michigan crowd last month. “We need to get incomes and wages rising, and it will help the whole economy grow and be fairer.” Tags Wage Worker Employee Company Gain Minimum Wage Job MARC WEHRS Follow MARC WEHRS Close Get email notifications on MARC WEHRS daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever MARC WEHRS posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow MARC WEHRS Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Quick access to the news that matters most Get the latest news delivered to your inbox. Sign Up! Breaking News Receive news and emergency updates as soon as the stories unfold. Opinion Stay up to date on daily commentary and letters to the editor. Weather Expert short-term forecast, summary of the weather details and news of any severe weather. Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION La Crosse Maid-Rite closes doors after nearly 70 years Police seek two men in North Side home invasion Police nab suspect in case of purloined pooch La Crosse man petitions for change to alternate-side parking Treehouse Gift and Home to close; sale begins Thursday Business Directory Latest Local Offers Sport Clips Junior Varsity $6 Off MVP Service! Updated Nov 14, 2016 Winona Leasing & Sales Whether renting a car for personal or business use, Hertz has a good selection of vehicles available to meet your car rental needs. Stop in at Winona Leasing for more information! 1777 W. Service Drive, Winona, MN or call us at (507)-454-3671! Updated Nov 15, 2016 ≫ things to do Nov 18 Karaoke/DJ Fri, Nov 18, 2016 @ 9:00 pm Nov 18 Dustin Lamm and Michael Stidolph Fri, Nov 18, 2016 @ 7:00 pm Nov 18 Digisaurus Fri, Nov 18, 2016 @ 8:00 pm Nov 18 Todd Saner and Tom Gibbons Fri, Nov 18, 2016 @ 8:00 pm Nov 18 Trivia Fri, Nov 18, 2016 @ 8:00 pm Nov 18 Continental Dance Club: Under Paris Skies Fri, Nov 18, 2016 @ 7:00 pm Nov 18 Marty & the Sharks Fri, Nov 18, 2016 @ 7:30 pm Nov 18 Album Encounter: Radiohead, "A Moon Shaped Pool" Fri, Nov 18, 2016 @ 8:00 pm Nov 18 Trivia Fri, Nov 18, 2016 @ 7:00 pm Nov 18 Trivia Fri, Nov 18, 2016 @ 8:30 pm Click here for more events Submit your event JOB BOARD VIEW ADS  > JOBS SENT TO YOUR EMAIL SEARCH ALL ADS Local Business Search local business directory I'm looking for: Located near: Hint: Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the full business directory. View local offers Local Businesses American Legion Post 284 419 W 1st St, Holmen, WI 54636 Mark Jewellers 1205 Caledonia St, La Crosse, WI 54603 Traditional Trades 1853 Sand Lake Road, Onalaska, WI 54650 Ads Central States Investigation Agency, LLC 115 5th Ave South, La Crosse, WI 54602 Ads Currents Lifestyles 25 Best Water-Resistant Wireless Speakers Music The 19 biggest artists nominated for a 2016 AMA Baseball Every MLB team's least valuable player of 2016 Today's Birthdays, Nov. 18: Margaret Atwood Today In History, Nov. 18: Jonestown, Guyana Today in History, Nov. 17: "Heidi Bowl" Today's Birthdays, Nov. 17: RuPaul Nobel winner Dylan is likely in Stockholm next year Long Island's 'Amityville Horror' house is being bought Another blocked kick, more 'catastrophic' results for Saints Priscilla on life with Elvis: 'Truly lived in a bubble' TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Video: Bernie Sanders says Democrats need 'new direction' Video: Intelligence director James Clapper submits resignation Video: Meet America's new first family — the Trumps Video: President Obama urges Donald Trump to 'stand up' to Russia News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2016 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services News SPECIAL REPORT: The Heroin Crisis Campaign 2016 Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Salute_to_seniors Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices About Us Contact Us e-Edition App Downloads Login 48° Clear North Andover, MA (01845) Today Sunny. High around 60F. Winds NNW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 38F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 18, 2016 @ 8:54 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services News SPECIAL REPORT: The Heroin Crisis Campaign 2016 Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Salute_to_seniors Merrimack Valley Rivera: 'Sanctuary city' fight will not affect Lawrence +9 By Paul Tennant ptennant@eagletribune.com   2 hrs ago Giving small businesses a place to grow Kick off the holidays in Methuen Haverhill's annual Christmas Stroll Dec. 3 Winter Farmers Market is Saturday Merrimack Valley Police Log Police shelve razors, raise money to fight cancer Brady's alma mater rooting for Pats RAISING A CHAMPION: How family, competition and love helped mold Tom Brady Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? News Brady's alma mater rooting for Pats +3 By Bill Burt bburt@eagletribune.com 2 hrs ago RAISING A CHAMPION: How family, competition and love helped mold Tom Brady Commonwealth Motors Captains Corner: PMA soccer, Haverhill girls cross country Saluting Our Area’s Unsung Heroes State swim meets on Sunday Tournament Schedule Trout edges Betts, joins Bryant for league MVP crowns MVC Swimming: Central duo share MVP honors Dubnyk gets league-best 4th shutout as Wild beat Bruins 1-0 Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Community Souza-Roy Engagement Oct 16, 2016 Noyes Anniversary Jackson Anniversary Evangelista-Read Engagement Club News Reunions Community Calendar Club News Reunions Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Opinion Sound Off 2 hrs ago Sound Off Our view: Saving historic homes: Don't demolish, deconstruct Sound Off Diana Sroka Rickert: Distraught by Trump's win? Advocate for smaller government Our view: New pot law a challenge for cities and towns Sound Off Letter: Blame the media for Hillary Clinton's defeat Letter: A month to honor home care and hospice professionals Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Liquid Blue to bring operation to Derry Tie-dye shirt and apparel company will take over former Sanmina building By Julie Huss jhuss@eagletribune.com Sep 6, 2016 DERRY — A company specializing in tie-dye apparel for major sports teams and the entertainment industry is coming to Derry. Liquid Blue will purchase and move its operation into the empty Sanmina Building at 6 Linlew Drive, bringing a business that could employ up to 125 workers and creating licensed apparel for both Major League Baseball, National Football League and entertainment icons like Jerry Garcia, AC/DC, and also provide products for major retailers like Walmart, Kohls and Target. The company hopes to close on the Sanmina building next month and will move its operation from Rhode Island to Derry soon after. Company officials attended the Economic Development Advisory Committee meeting Aug. 15 to give a presentation on the Liquid Blue move to Derry. At that meeting, company consultant Gary Piontkowski said Liquid Blue had found a perfect new home. The company has been in business about 30 years, he said, and 62 properties in New Hampshire were considered for a new facility. After narrowing the list down to two communities — Dover and Derry — Derry took the prize and the project. "It's a successful fit for what we want to do," Piontkowski said.. Piontkowski noted that company founder Paul Roidoulis began the company simply by making tie-dye shirts and selling them at concerts. Grateful Dead star Jerry Garcia forged an eventual relationship with the businessman to start making shirts for concerts. The tie-dye products led into other types of apparel and screen-printed designs, Piontkowski said. In an email sent to Derry Planning Director George Sioras, Piontkowski said Liquid Blue was happy to be coming to Derry. "I hope we can be a good neighbor/partner and will look to you to give us the guidance to become a valuable asset to the city and the business community," he wrote. Sioras said he is very excited about Liquid Blue's move to Derry, saying it's good news for the town. "We will be meeting with them over the next couple of months to begin our Technical Review Committee meetings with staff," he wrote in an email. "We are very excited they are coming to Derry." Liquid Blue gross sales per year are approximately $14 million. The company hopes to begin hiring workers by the end of the year. We have recently upgraded our commenting system. If you wish to comment please login using your social ID or create a new account. ADVERTISERS Featured Homes of the Week +5 Seaglass Shore condos offer beach living year-round By Sarah Ashley Pratt  Advertising correspondent Text Alerts Sign Up Get text messages on your mobile phone with news, weather and more from The Eagle-Tribune.Sign up Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Police: Lawrence man had 100 grams of heroin in Plaistow Fire forces evacuation of Lawrence school NH school bus drivers to vote on possible strike tonight Benedetti's Deli eyes expansion to Plaistow One dead in apparent overdose at Plaistow store Fire in historic Methuen building displaces a dozen people Longtime Haverhill journalist Tom Vartabedian dies Andover man with rare cancer finds strength in numbers NH's 'Donald Trump' pleads guilty to marijuana possession 5-car crash on I-495 halts traffic Images Videos Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Twitter Tweets by eagletrib Connect with Us Latest Video MORE VIDEOS Buy our photos To view or purchase photos, visit photos.northofboston.com. Sections News Sports Community Opinion Obituaries Photos Public Notices Video Gallery Weather Services About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Submission Forms Advertiser Index Contact Information eagletribune.com 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA 01845 Phone: 978-946-2000 Email: news@eagletribune.com Follow Us © Copyright 2016 Eagle-Tribune, 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
KEYC - One Person Dead in Mankato Crash Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Your Photos Hometown Business Connection Thrive: Eat, Move, Sleep Featured Links KEYC News 12 Good People Awards Golden Apple Pick of the Litter KEYC News 12 Weather Map Room School Closings Sign-Up School Closings Minnesota Road Conditions Iowa Road Conditions Minnesota Sports Headlines Sports Extra Iowa Sports Headlines Prep Athlete of the Week Pick of the Litter Golden Apple Veterans Notes Thrive: Eat, Move, Sleep Community Calendar Hometown Business Connection Toys for Tots Watch CBS Online Watch FOX Online Mr. Food Bandwagon Staff Bios Advertise With Us Studio 12 Employment Opportunities FAQ EEO Reports Main Holiday Helper Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases One Person Dead in Mankato Crash Posted: Tuesday, September 6, 2016 7:11 AM EDT Updated: Tuesday, September 6, 2016 2:33 PM EDT MANKATO, Minn. - One person is dead after a traffic crash Monday night. It happened just before 9:00 last night at the intersection of Victory Drive and Sohler Drive in Mankato, which is near the Walmart Distribution Center. The Minnesota State Patrol says a semi truck was parked on the shoulder of Victory Drive when a vehicle rear-ended the tractor-trailer. No other details are available, but the State Patrol says the identity of the people involved will be released at 11:00 this morning. -- KEYC News 12 Thrive: Eat, Move, SleepMore>> November is Men's Health Awareness Month November is Men's Health Awareness Month November is Men's Health Awareness month. The greater Mankato community embraces this with "No Shave November."  November is Men's Health Awareness month. The greater Mankato community embraces this with "No Shave November."  Organize Your Fridge To Keep Food Fresh Organize Your Fridge To Keep Food Fresh Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 8:06 PM EST2016-11-15 01:06:18 GMT There are ways to organize your refrigerator to maximize food safety, freshness and longevity. April Graff, a registered dietitian with Hy-Vee Food Stores, says a first step is to put the healthy options for eating front and center and at eye level.  There are ways to organize your refrigerator to maximize food safety, freshness and longevity. April Graff, a registered dietitian with Hy-Vee Food Stores, says a first step is to put the healthy options for eating front and center and at eye level.  Eye Care for Diabetes Patients Eye Care for Diabetes Patients Updated: Tuesday, November 8 2016 11:40 PM EST2016-11-09 04:40:26 GMT The National Institute of Diabetes estimates that more than 29 million people in the United States have diabetes. November is Diabetes awareness month. Doctor of Optometry Nathaniel Graham says eye exams every 6 to 12 months are critical for patients with diabetes. The National Institute of Diabetes estimates that more than 29 million people in the United States have diabetes. November is Diabetes awareness month. Doctor of Optometry Nathaniel Graham says eye exams every 6 to 12 months are critical for patients with diabetes. Coffee: Brewing a Cup of Health Coffee: Brewing a Cup of Health Updated: Monday, November 7 2016 6:44 PM EST2016-11-07 23:44:34 GMT Statistics show that more than half of Americans 18 years and older drink at least one cup of coffee per day. Hy-Vee dietitian Laura Schmidt says dietary guidelines now tell us, that is okay!  Statistics show that more than half of Americans 18 years and older drink at least one cup of coffee per day. Hy-Vee dietitian Laura Schmidt says dietary guidelines now tell us, that is okay!  Thrive: Eat, Move, Sleep: Getting Healthy Sleep Thrive: Eat, Move, Sleep: Getting Healthy Sleep Updated: Tuesday, November 1 2016 6:47 PM EDT2016-11-01 22:47:42 GMT It happens to all of us on occasion...we wake up in the middle of the night and find it hard to fall back asleep. In this Thrive segment, KEYC News 12s Lisa Cownie tells us what we should...and shouldn't do when that happens. It happens to all of us on occasion...we wake up in the middle of the night and find it hard to fall back asleep. In this Thrive segment, KEYC News 12s Lisa Cownie tells us what we should...and shouldn't do when that happens. Basketball: Sport for All Basketball: Sport for All Updated: Friday, October 28 2016 8:00 PM EDT2016-10-29 00:00:20 GMT Basketball is a popular sport no matter what the age or ability. Scheels expert Chip Klabough says it's also a sport that requires little equipment, and thus, investment. He says things to keep in mind are the size of the basketball, which varies depending on age and gender. He also says backboards come in various materials and frames, so try them all out to see which will best suit your needs. Klabough says basketball is great exercise, particularly for cardio if playing a game.  Basketball is a popular sport no matter what the age or ability. Scheels expert Chip Klabough says it's also a sport that requires little equipment, and thus, investment. He says things to keep in mind are the size of the basketball, which varies depending on age and gender. He also says backboards come in various materials and frames, so try them all out to see which will best suit your needs. Klabough says basketball is great exercise, particularly for cardio if playing a game.  Kids in the Kitchen Kids in the Kitchen Updated: Tuesday, October 25 2016 3:29 PM EDT2016-10-25 19:29:33 GMT Parents often wonder how to get their kids to eat their vegetables. Hy-Vee dietitian April Graff suggests one way is to get the kids involved in the kitchen!  Parents often wonder how to get their kids to eat their vegetables. Hy-Vee dietitian April Graff suggests one way is to get the kids involved in the kitchen!  Healthy Halloween Healthy Halloween Updated: Tuesday, October 18 2016 8:03 PM EDT2016-10-19 00:03:34 GMT With our thoughts turning to Halloween, our thoughts can also be turning to how to make the holiday a little less scary for our diets.  With our thoughts turning to Halloween, our thoughts can also be turning to how to make the holiday a little less scary for our diets.  Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> 8-Year-Old Truman Boy Paralyzed From Waist Down, Community Shows Endless Support 8-Year-Old Truman Boy Paralyzed From Waist Down, Community Shows Endless Support Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 8:35 PM EST2016-11-18 01:35:35 GMT Truman may be small, 1,115 people to be exact.. But the support they bring for each other is more than one could imagine..  Truman may be small, 1,115 people to be exact.. But the support they bring for each other is more than one could imagine..  Five Area Men Arrested For Soliciting Sex From Minors Five Area Men Arrested For Soliciting Sex From Minors Updated: Wednesday, November 16 2016 11:53 PM EST2016-11-17 04:53:55 GMT A joint investigative effort between the Owatonna, Waseca, Blooming Prairie Police Departments, the Minnesota Bureau of Criminal Apprehension, the Minnesota Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force, and the South Central Drug Investigation Unit began an effort to identify adults who were targeting children online for sex.  A joint investigative effort between the Owatonna, Waseca, Blooming Prairie Police Departments, the Minnesota Bureau of Criminal Apprehension, the Minnesota Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force, and the South Central Drug Investigation Unit began an effort to identify adults who were targeting children online for sex.  89-Year-Old Dairy Farmer Keeps Family Tradition Alive On Farm In Morristown 89-Year-Old Dairy Farmer Keeps Family Tradition Alive On Farm In Morristown Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 10:50 PM EST2016-11-18 03:50:13 GMT Day and night, she's feeding calves at 89 years old, with no plans of retirement in sight.  Day and night, she's feeding calves at 89 years old, with no plans of retirement in sight.  Man Arrested After Two Found Dead in Mason City Man Arrested After Two Found Dead in Mason City Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 9:02 PM EST2016-11-18 02:02:44 GMT A 30-year-old man is facing two first-degree murder charges after a shooting in Mason City left two people dead.   A 30-year-old man is facing two first-degree murder charges after a shooting in Mason City left two people dead.   Neuroscience A Focus Of Gustavus President's $4 Million Donation Neuroscience A Focus Of Gustavus President's $4 Million Donation Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 12:05 AM EST2016-11-17 05:05:37 GMT Rebecca and Thomas Bergman establishing an endowed professor of neuroscience Rebecca and Thomas Bergman establishing an endowed professor of neuroscience    Home KEYC News 12 CBS News News Tips/Photos Ag News Money Talks Stock Markets Weather School Closings Minnesota Road Conditions Iowa Road Conditions Sports Local Sports Sports Extra Prep Athlete of the Week AP Sports Video Connect RSS Headlines Employment Facebook Twitter Email Sign-Up Feedback Submit a Story On Air News Staff Bios Program Schedule Sales Public File Online All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015, WorldNow and KEYC. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Life Entertainment Business Opinion Obituaries Beaches Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home News Sports Life Entertainment Business Opinion Obituaries Beaches Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Letters to the editor: Preserve local small businesses Send your views to letters@delawareonline.com. Post to Facebook Letters to the editor: Preserve local small businesses Send your views to letters@delawareonline.com.  Check out this story on delawareonline.com: http://delonline.us/2cwaBBq {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 4 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Letters to the editor: Preserve local small businesses Letters to the editor 7:02 a.m. EDT September 6, 2016 Editorial cartoon (Photo: Lisa Benson) CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE EDITOR'S NOTE: The News Journal will not publish election-related op-ed submissions or letters to the editor from Sept. 6-13. Preserve local small businesses It was with great empathy that we read the article about Jim and Janet Smyth, who had to close their hardware store in Middletown for economic reasons. We too own a small business (Ninth Street Book Shop). We’ve operated in downtown Wilmington for over 40 years and we’ve been struggling to stay open. Although fortunate to have a core of exceptionally loyal customers, we ruefully say that we’re also “the bookstore of last resort” when people can’t find a book at the big chain stores or the online shipping charge outweighs the cost of the item. We can’t match the deeply discounted prices on bestsellers from Walmart, Costco, Amazon or other corporate stores, but we do provide the intangible and very valued benefits of a knowledgeable staff, personalized service and community involvement. Please consider making the conscious choice of dealing with small, locally owned businesses as often as possible because some things are worth the effort to support and preserve. And they aren’t fully appreciated until they’re gone. Jack and Gemma Buckley Wilmington Animal cruelty a symptom The headline about a cat killer in Delaware brings back memories from my lesson plan on child abuse and the link to serial killers. Adult serial killers often have early developmental clues …. "animal cruelty, fire setting, bed wetting and being badly abused when they were children." Get alert, Delaware and take this animal cruelty/abuse characteristic as a red flag when you see it in others! Irene Talley Wilmington DELAWAREONLINE Keep death penalty for mass murderers, cop killers DELAWAREONLINE Our thumbs up, thumbs down for the week Bat deaths excuse to slam wind energy I was struck by the juxtaposition in the Aug. 29 letters to the editor of the cartoon depicting the cognitive dissonance of a climate change denier faced with the string of record-breaking climate events this summer and the letter decrying the death of bats by wind turbine. The letter writer exhorts readers to “ask the environmentalists” where they stand on wind power given this deadly toll. I can’t speak for all environmentalists, but my answer is that the toll on bat populations (and birds and many other species, not to mention human beings) from unchecked climate change will far exceed any number of bat casualties from wind turbines. We can make turbine technology safer for bats and birds, but there is only one way to prevent catastrophic climate change at this point and that is to make the transition to renewable energy as quickly as possible. And if it takes government subsidies to wind and solar power to make that happen, I’m all for it. The fossil fuel industries have already benefited from such subsidies for far too long. Beth Chajes Newark Reform Delaware bus driver rules If Delaware would go back to the traditional school bus licenses, many dependable trustworthy individuals and retirees would step up to the plate and drive. I personally think it's crazy to have to be tested as if you're driving a tractor-trailer. The contractors have maintenance people to take care of the buses as well as direct contact with their drivers during their routes. It's the driver's job to make sure of the safety and getting the children to school on time. It's time to look at the big picture and get some truly dependable drivers back on the road, make it a little less complicated to get your "school bus driver license in Delaware" again and see what happens. If one can drive an RV, one can drive a bus. Marjorie Hitchens Middletown Opposed to Woodlawn sale Harry Themal endorsed the sale of 41 acres on the corner of route 202 and Naamans Road by Woodlawn Trustees, "It’s the best use of land waiting to be developed." The best use of that land is what it is now – a cornfield. Is it waiting to be developed because it is undeveloped? Woodlawn Trustees mission statement calls for protecting the Brandywine Valley, not selling it off piece by piece. They should be ashamed. County Council is also complicit in this travesty for granting a "waiver." Staggered starting times, more turn lanes, car pooling, please. I'm sorry, Harry, but you're wrong on this one. William Vaughan Greenville Safely keeping nuclear codes? According to a political TV commercial, Hillary is worried about Trump getting the nuclear codes. I suspect that if Hillary was given the nuclear codes, she’s store them on her personal server in her basement for safe keeping. Ralph Sutter Wilmington CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://delonline.us/2cwaBBq TOP VIDEOS Opinion: Arizona isn't crazy enough to target gay kids 0:55
Obituaries Services Kindred Funeral Home 400 Union Boulevard Englewood, OH 45322 (937) 832-2600 Website View Map Send Flowers Visitation Thursday, Sep. 8, 2016 5:00 PM - 7:00 PM Kindred Funeral Home 400 Union Boulevard Englewood, OH 45322 View Map Mass of Christian Burial Friday, Sep. 9, 2016 10:30 AM St. Rita Catholic Church 5401 N. Main Street Dayton, OH View Map Entombment Following Services Royal Oak Memorial Gardens Brookville, OH View Map +See Services Detail Resources More Obituaries for ANTHONY Looking for an obituary for a different person with this name? Kathryn Marie (Bauer) ANTHONY 1932 - 2016 Obituary Condolences ANTHONY (Bauer), Kathryn Marie Salsbury Age 84 of Clayton, passed away on Saturday, September 3, 2016. She had worked at Dayton Stencil and later as a greeter for Wal-Mart. Kathryn was a member of St. Rita Catholic Church. She is survived by her son and daughter-in-law: Melvin E. and Kellie Salsbury of Celina, daughter-in-law: Betty Salsbury of Tipp City, grandchildren: Jennifer (Eric) Birt, Brad (Annie) Salsbury, Chris Salsbury, Jody (Valerie) Hoagland, great grandchild: Mason Birt, sister: Marilyn Bauer of Dayton, relatives and friends. She was preceded in death by her husband: Walter "Tony" Anthony, parents: Steve and Kathryn (Good) Bauer and son: Stephen Salsbury. A Mass of Christian Burial will be said at 10:30 a.m. on Friday, September 9, 2016 at St. Rita Catholic Church (5401 N. Main Street, Dayton) with Fr. Tim Knepper, C.P.P.S. as celebrant. Entombment will follow the Mass at Royal Oak Memorial Gardens in Brookville. The family will receive friends on Thursday, from 5:00 to 7:00 p.m. at the Kindred Funeral Home (400 Union Blvd., Englewood). If desired, memorial contributions may be made to the . Online condolences may be made to the family at www.KindredFuneralHome.com. Published in Dayton Daily News on Sept. 6, 2016 Read More Listen to Obituary Remember Share memories or express condolences below. View All Add Message "RIP my cousin. My condolences to Marilyn & the rest of..." -Carolyn Miller-Mosher "Mrs.Kay was my resident at Cottages of Clayton she was one..." -Tamika Morrison View all messages 4  Add Photos  Add Videos Resources Send Funeral Flowers View Funeral Home Details Find Advice & Support Funeral Etiquette How to Write a Sympathy Note < Back to today's Obituaries Notify Friends and Family Add the email addresses of friends or family members you'd like to notify about this obituary. To: *Invalid To Email 
 From: *Invalid From Email Message: 
 Optional Please provide me with special offers and discounts from Legacy.com and selected partners. Emails will be sent directly from Legacy.com. We respect your privacy and will not sell your information to a third party. You may opt out at any time. See privacy policy for details. Your email was sent successfully. Return to the obituary Send another email Share There was an error sending your email. Please try again. We apologize for the inconvenience. © Copyright 1999-2016 Legacy.com All Rights Reserved  | Questions? Contact us | Search obituaries nationwide
Man Arrested in Relation to Clarksburg Counterfeit Money Investi - Business, Government Legal News from throughout WV Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home News Business Government Energy Law Opinion Lynne D. Schwabe Brooks McCabe Charlie Bowen John Brown Dolly Withrow Linda Arnold Government Law Energy SHOP About Us Job Openings Man Arrested in Relation to Clarksburg Counterfeit Money Investigation Posted: Friday, August 19, 2016 2:43 PM EDT Updated: Friday, August 19, 2016 2:43 PM EDT By Lacey Palmer, Assignment Editor Email Connect lpalmer@wboy.com Mark Hyde CLARKSBURG - A man has been arrested in relation to a counterfeit money investigation in Clarksburg. Mark Hyde, 25, of Clarksburg, was arrested early Friday morning after Clarksburg Police said they found counterfeit bills and uncut counterfeit bills in his possession. According to court documents, BFS employees called police after they received a counterfeit $50 bill from Hyde.  They didn't realize the bill was counterfeit until Hyde had already left the store, police said. Police later found Hyde at Walmart and found two $5 bills and four $50 bills inside of his wallet.  After searching the vehicle Hyde was in, police found a bundle of white, blank paper, a white trash bag containing counterfeit bills that had not been cut, an empty ink cartridge box, a counterfeit detector pen, and another counterfeit $50 bill. Police also found a real $50 bill that had the same serial number as the counterfeit bills. Hyde is also accused of passing a counterfeit $100 bill at Circle K on July 31, passing a counterfeit $100 bill at Hardees on August 1, and attempting to pass a counterfeit $100 bill at the Kompak Store on August 15.  He is charged with three counts of counterfeiting. Hyde is also charged with possession of counterfeit money with intent to deliver.  Hyde is currently in the North Central Regional Jail. The State Journal PO Box 11848 Charleston, WV 25339 350 Quarrier Street Charleston, WV 25301 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 The State Journal. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.

Obituaries Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Obituaries By Location Notable Deaths Submit an Obituary Funeral Homes Search By Location Photos & Memorials Legends & Legacies In The News Photo Galleries Quizzes Today In History Featured Memorials Grief & Support Sympathy & Condolence Advice Funeral Etiquette Grief Support How To Write An Obituary Submit An Obituary Contact Us Search Donald Tresslar Kutz (1931 - 2016) Obituary Guest Book 14 entries "We are so sorry to hear of Donald passing. He was a long..." - Robert Reynolds "Rest in Peace Uncle Donnie. Our thoughts & prayers are..." - Vicki Kutz - Oliver "Kevin and Dawn We were saddened to learn of your father's..." - Al and Sherry Chafin "Pam, So sorry to hear of your father's passing. You and..." - Melissa Russell "You are in my thoughts and prayers Uncle Donald. You will..." - Lynn Illes The Guest Book is expired. Restore the Guest Book DONALD TRESSLAR KUTZ Donald Tressler Kutz of Wilmington, NC passed away peacefully on Saturday, September 3, 2016. He was born on June 26, 1931 in Allentown, Pa, son of the late Roland Kutz and Lorraine Carter. He is also preceded in death by his daughters, Donna K. Lane and Lori K. West. Donald proudly served 22 years in the U.S. Air Force, 22 years with the U.S. Postal Service and 19 years with USA Parking at ILM Airport. Anyone that knew Donald, knew that he loved going to Walmart and hanging out at the bowling alley. Donald is survived by his wife, Margaret S. Kutz; his daughter, Pamela K. Valle (Mark); his sons, Kevin R Kutz (wife, Dawn), and Christopher D, Kutz (wife, San); in addition are his grandchildren: Jason and Jeremy Lane, Eva and Rachel Valle, Michaela and Laura Bishop, Courtney and Cory Kutz; son-in-law, Larry T. West; nieces and nephews in Pa; close friends and neighbors. Also, he will always be loved by his best friend and constant companion, Sissy. The family will receive friends from 6:00pm to 8:00pm on Tuesday, September 6, 2016 at Coble Ward-Smith Funeral Service. A Full Military Graveside Service will be held at 2:00pm on Wednesday, September 7, 2016 at Oleander Memorial Gardens, 306 Bradley Drive, Wilmington, NC 28409. Condolences to the family may be offered at www.coblewardsmithwilmington.com Published in the Wilmington Star-News on Sept. 6, 2016 Print  |  View Guest Book  |  Donald Tressler Kutz Click name above for additional details at: www.coblewardsmithwilmington.com. Arrangements under the direction of: Coble Ward-Smith Funeral & Cremation Service 3915 Oleander Drive | Wilmington, NC 28403 | (910) 791-4444 Helpful Links Additional Resources Donate to Charity How To Submit An Obituary Find Advice & Support Funeral Etiquette How to Write a Sympathy Note   Return to today's Obituaries, Death Notices for Wilmington Star-News Follow this Obituary Remember on Facebook Follow via email *Please enter a valid email address. Bookmark this memorial on Facebook with the My Memorials™ application. My Memorials™ helps you honor departed family members, friends, and even favorite celebrities – all on your Facebook page. Thank you. You have now memorialized  on Facebook. The My Memorials Facebook app allows you to: Connect with memorials that are important to you. Get updates on your memorials in your Facebook News Feed. Share your memories with your Facebook friends. VIEW YOUR MY MEMORIALS PAGE OR Return to Obituary No, ThanksGO CLOSE Close Funeral Home Details Website Map/Directions Coble Ward-Smith Funeral & Cremation Service Wilmington, NC   (910) 791-4444 For more information about: Donald Tresslar Kutz VISIT THE FUNERAL HOME WEBSITE NOW Powered By Legacy.com Search Obituaries How To Company Questions? Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms © 2016 Legacy.com All Rights Reserved
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS OC Varsity Lakers Angels Ducks Rams USC UCLA Kings Dodgers Clippers Colleges NFL Olympics MMA and Boxing Over 8 days and all over California, thousands of first responders prepare for the Big One Court approves release of O.C. jail deputies' notes Winter blend arrives, lowering gas prices in Orange County OC Fair to lobby state for permission to conduct 50-50 raffles Angels' Mike Trout wins 2016 American League MVP Ryan Kesler's hot hand lifts Ducks over Devils, 3-2 Miller: Deserving Mike Trout speechless after AL MVP win Bonsignore: An early-morning vision begins to become reality as Rams break ground on new stadium Post-election rate spike will reverse course Tustin home designed by Cliff May, 'father of the California ranch house,' snatched up in 10 days Winter blend arrives, lowering gas prices in Orange County Classic cars up for sale at Mecum Auction through Saturday Bruce Cameron's 'A Dog's Purpose' is the new Register Book Club selection Things to do in Orange County Nov. 18-19 How 'Fantastic Beasts' takes Eddie Redmayne to a time before Harry Potter Meet the characters and beasts of 'Fantastic Beasts' Top news Sports Billionaire Stan Kroenke is the mover and shaker behind the Rams' return to Los Angeles Sept. 5, 2016 Updated Sept. 7, 2016 7:24 p.m. 1 of 2 Rams owner Stan Kronke had the financial wherewithal and the drive to spearhead a stadium development project that brought the NFL team back to Los Angeles. BRAD GRAVERSON, STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER 1 of 2 NFL commissioner Roger Goodell, left with Rams owner Stan Kroenke prior to the Rams' preseason opener against the Dallas Cowboys at the Coliseum. KEITH BIRMINGHAM, STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER View slideshow Rams owner Stan Kronke had the financial wherewithal and the drive to spearhead a stadium development project that brought the NFL team back to Los Angeles. BRAD GRAVERSON, STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER By VINCENT BONSIGNORE / STAFF WRITER Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF NFL 2016 SEASON PREVIEW THE RAMS • With a short honeymoon in L.A., Rams know they will have to win soon • How the Rams stack up, position by position • Analyzing the Rams' schedule • Bonsignore: Case Keenum fits mold of Rams' QB uncertainty • Rams' roots in L.A. started with pioneer team owner Dan Reeves • Billionaire Stan Kroenke is the mover and shaker behind the Rams' return to Los Angeles • Kevin Demoff helped guide the Rams back to his Los Angeles home • Fox will carry 12 of Rams' 16 regular-season games THE NFL • NFC West at a glance • NFC South at a glance • NFC North at a glance • NFC East at a glance • AFC West at a glance • AFC South at a glance • AFC North at a glance • AFC East at a glance No one knows better than Los Angeles the complexity of getting all the essential components in place to create magic. Like, say, the 21-year Rubik's Cube we fiddled with trying to bring the NFL back to the second-biggest market after sitting vacant since 1994. A riddle finally solved by a billionaire from Missouri, and 300 acres of open land in Inglewood he swooped in and purchased two years ago. But more on Stan Kroenke in a bit. In a city where thousands of movie scripts sit stacked on top of one another either unworthy or unable to reach theaters, who knows better than L.A. how difficult it is to harness all the critical dynamics at the exact right time to turn written word into big-screen consumption? To get a major motion picture made, you need a good script, financing and a big-name star all joining hands at the same time. Nothing less gets it done. And if you have one or two without the others, it's just a pipe dream. But when all three come together at the same time, you have a chance to make some history. Which brings us back to L.A.'s two-decade long quest to get the NFL back. Time after time in the years after the Rams and Raiders left L.A., stadium deals would spring to life or grand schemes would be hatched or a team here or there would kick the tires on relocating to Los Angeles. Nothing ever came to fruition because, like getting a movie made, bringing the NFL back required three essential components all coming together at the exact same time: Land. Financing. A commitment from a team. Just ask Farmers Field, or the stadium project in the City of Industry, how elusive that undertaking can be. Both projects had financing and land. Neither had the team. So, no dice. Enter St. Louis Rams owner and multi-billionaire Enos Stanley “Stan” Kroenke, who had the financial might, a ticket out of St. Louis, the gumption to see around corners and the necessary land to finally solve L.A.’s NFL riddle. Oh, and a bold plan to build an 8.5 million-square-foot state-of-the-art stadium to anchor a 300-acre entertainment, retail and office development on the former site of the Hollywood Park race track. Kroenke, who is married to Walmart heiress Ann Walton Kroenke, dazzled fellow owners with his Disneyland-meets-the-NFL entertainment hub in Inglewood and his financial wherewithal to convince them to grant him his wish to move the Rams back to Los Angeles from St. Louis. It was that vision – along with his deep pockets – that convinced them the time wasn't just right to get back to L.A., but that he was the man to make it happen. “A great idea without the right owner was never going to get it,” said Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones. “And of course, here comes Stan Kroenke walking though that door with a great relationship with Inglewood and a great plan. And when he presented that to the NFL, I’ll tell you, it immediately felt like something had been sent to us from above, as far as the NFL was concerned.” And why not? Kroenke is worth an estimated $8 billion – combined with his wife they are worth more than $15 billion – and oversees a sports empire that includes English soccer club Arsenal, the NBA’s Denver Nuggets, the NHL’s Colorado Avalanche and MLS’ Colorado Rapids. His real estate empire stretches across 30 million square feet and includes shopping malls throughout the United States and ranches in Montana, Wyoming, Texas and Canada. His most recent major purchase came in Texas when he bought the 800-square mile Waggoner Ranch for $725 million. That's the kind of clout the NFL wanted back in Los Angeles. Jones was a long-time proponent of the NFL returning to L.A., but understood if the league was going to go back it had to do it right. “My concern has always been, relative to the NFL and Los Angeles, is that we had the right man, the right owner,” Jones said. “One of the biggest concerns that, on a personal level, as much as I’ve been involved in the NFL, my background in the NFL and as much as we all knew that Los Angeles needed to have an NFL team, the biggest concern was we had to have the right man leading the way. The right owner.” An athletic Missouri native described by friends and associates as deeply competitive, Kroenke made a convincing case during a process that began in 2013, when he purchased a 60-acre parcel of land across the street from the Forum on the land of the old Hollywood Park site. A year later, Kroenke took control of all 298 acres, with the intent to build a stadium. Kroenke fell in love with the possibilities upon stepping foot on the available land two years before. “This was pretty amazing to a guy like me, to see something sitting here like this – 300 acres. That’s bigger than Century City,” Kroenke said. “You can do things here, as a developer like me – you can do scale, you can do things that are exciting, and you can combine it with sports. “To me, there was no doubt this was the perfect site.” Kroenke relentlessly pursued his quest over the next 12 months, building a case for relocation even while St. Louis scrambled to provide $400 million in public assistance for a new riverfront stadium. In the process, he beat out a competing bid by the the Oakland Raiders and San Diego Chargers, who had teamed on a proposal to build a stadium in Carson. All of which culminated in a 30-2 vote last January in Houston by fellow owners to green-light the Rams back to Los Angeles. “It’s a difficult market, a difficult place to permit a stadium that we as a league can all be proud of,” Kroenke said of Los Angeles. “I think we got a little bit lucky.” Jones played a vital role, having worked the room long and hard enough over the previous 12 months to garner the necessary support for Kroenke and the Rams. In particular, it was his belief in Kroenke that compelled him to throw his support behind the Inglewood project. “I’ll never forget,” Jones said, remembering that night in Houston four months ago. “Stan was thanking everyone for their vote of confidence when we voted for him to move the Rams to Los Angeles – go home to Los Angeles if you will. And I reached over to tap my son, who was sitting next to me, and I said, ‘This is a big day, now. This is a watershed event. And this really means a lot.’” As Kroenke made his way around the room Jerry Jones and his son Stephen observed him. The father turned to his son and asked: “I hoped you learned something today.” Stephen Jones, according to his father, glanced at Kroenke and replied: “I sure did. If you’re going to win a race, make sure you ride Secretariat. That’s what I learned.” It's almost ironic that man turned out to be Kroenke, considering the original role he played in pulling the Rams out of Southern California to his home state Missouri. It was Kroenke who acquired 40 percent of the Rams from Georgia Frontiere for $80 million in the 1990s on the condition the team move to St. Louis. The agreement also gave Kroenke the right of first refusal to buy the remaining 60 percent of the team, which he exercised in 2010 by paying Frontiere’s heirs $450 million. At the time St. Louis celebrated, assuming the Missouri native would keep the Rams put. But when St. Louis opted against an arbitrator’s ruling to pay $700 million to update the Edward Jones Dome – the home of the Rams – it triggered a clause in the original lease the Rams signed upon moving there in 1994 in which they converted the final 10 years of the lease to year-to-year agreements with the ability to look elsewhere for a new home. In Missouri, many residents assumed that meant looking for a better deal in the St. Louis area. But Kroenke had bigger ideas, and soon turned his attention to Los Angeles. After a year-long roller-coaster ride to get here, he knows he made the right decision. “It’s been an enjoyable experience ever since,” Kroenke said. Contact the writer: vbonsignore@scng.com Related Links Kevin Demoff helped guide the Rams back to his Los Angeles home Bonsignore: St. Louis still angry at league, Rams over how team's exit was handled Rams move in to new practice home in Thousand Oaks Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular O.C. Sheriff's Department searching for 2 in suspected auto, check scam Taxi driver gets year in jail for Newport Beach hit-run Veteran who died at Doheny gets 'dignified end' after friends, strangers put together det A woman was found dead Huntington Beach in 1968. Who was this Jane Doe? Over 8 days and all over California, thousands of first responders prepare for the Big On Related Links Kevin Demoff helped guide the Rams back to his Los Angeles home Bonsignore: St. Louis still angry at league, Rams over how team's exit was handled Rams move in to new practice home in Thousand Oaks User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. Over 8 days and all over California, thousands of first responders prepare for the Big One Court approves release of O.C. jail deputies' notes Winter blend arrives, lowering gas prices in Orange County OC Fair to lobby state for permission to conduct 50-50 raffles Angels' Mike Trout wins 2016 American League MVP Ryan Kesler's hot hand lifts Ducks over Devils, 3-2 Miller: Deserving Mike Trout speechless after AL MVP win Bonsignore: An early-morning vision begins to become reality as Rams break ground on new stadium Post-election rate spike will reverse course Tustin home designed by Cliff May, 'father of the California ranch house,' snatched up in 10 days Winter blend arrives, lowering gas prices in Orange County Classic cars up for sale at Mecum Auction through Saturday Bruce Cameron's 'A Dog's Purpose' is the new Register Book Club selection Things to do in Orange County Nov. 18-19 How 'Fantastic Beasts' takes Eddie Redmayne to a time before Harry Potter Meet the characters and beasts of 'Fantastic Beasts' Top news Education » Early Thanksgiving feast brings students, teachers together at Irvine school Voters support school upgrade measures Playgrounds at Lake Forest Elementary to receive new flooring BUSINESS » Post-election rate spike will reverse course Tustin home designed by Cliff May, 'father of the California ranch house,' snatched up in 10 days Winter blend arrives, lowering gas prices in Orange County O.C. Watchdog » Sheriff wants to keep jailhouse informant notes secret State watchdog widens investigation into Supervisor Andrew Do's taxpayer-funded mailers Coin dealer jailed, but victims of his nearly $18 million scam may not get their money back Health Care » Newport Beach doctor who faked own death pleads guilty to fleeing CSUF aims to strengthen its off-campus biotechnology presence Nurse who ran Laguna Niguel day spa agrees to guilty plea to injecting Botox not approved for use in the U.S. ENTERTAINMENT » Bruce Cameron's 'A Dog's Purpose' is the new Register Book Club selection Things to do in Orange County Nov. 18-19 How 'Fantastic Beasts' takes Eddie Redmayne to a time before Harry Potter Food » Thanksgiving recipes: Sides & desserts Christmas cookies in a crunch Best Thing I Ate This Week: Salmon at Farmhouse in Roger's Gardens TELEVISION » Heather Dubrow says 'Housewives' reunions are 'brutal' Robert Vaughn, suave 'Man from U.NCL.E.' star, dies at 83 This week's TV highlights Special Sections » OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 100 Top Workplaces 2015 Featured Multimedia SLIDESHOW » Classic cars up for sale at Mecum Auction through Saturday SLIDESHOW » Tustin home designed by Cliff May, 'father of the California ranch house,' snatched up in 10 days CARTOONS » Cartoons: Draining the swamp SLIDESHOW » Meet Santa Ana Zoo's 'Dr. Dolittle' who talks to the animals LATEST RHOC VIDEO » Heather Dubrow says 'Housewives' reunions are 'brutal' VIDEO » USC's offensive line faces stiff test against UCLA's sack-happy front Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2016 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
Release List Reviews Shop Newsletter Forum DVD Giveaways Blu-Ray Advertise Reviews & Columns Reviews DVD TV on DVD Blu-ray Ultra HD International DVDs Theatrical Video Games Features Collector Series DVDs Easter Egg Database Interviews DVD Talk Radio Feature Articles Columns Anime Talk DVD Stalk DVD Savant High-Def Revolution Silent DVD DVD Talk Forum Select Forum Area... Forum Home -------------------- DVD Talk DVD Reviews DVD Hardware HD Talk International DVD -------------------- DVD Bargains DVD Exchange Hot Deals Store Forum -------------------- Book Talk Movie Talk Music Talk TV Talk Video Game Talk -------------------- Tech Talk Other Sports -------------------- Feedback Search -------------------- Resources DVD Price Search Customer Service #'s RCE Info Links DVDTalk Info Review Staff About DVD Talk Advertise Newsletter Subscribe Join DVD Talk Forum DVD Talk Feeds Get DVD Talk Feeds Sponsored Links Search: All Reviews Price Search Forum DVD Reviews HD DVD Reviews Blu-ray Reviews Adult DVD ReviewsTheatrical Reviews Video Game Reviews Theatrical Reviews DVD Talk For: Reviews » DVD Video Reviews » Superstore: Season One Superstore: Season One Universal // Unrated // August 23, 2016 List Price: $29.98 [Buy now and save at Amazon] Review by Tyler Foster | posted September 5, 2016 | E-mail the Author C O N T E N T V I D E O A U D I O E X T R A S R E P L A Y A D V I C E Skip It E - M A I L this review to a friend P R I N T Printer Friendly As every one of us experiences the evolution of culture and society in real time, it's easy to forget how much things change in ten months, much less ten years. In 2005, when "The Office" premiered, the iPhone didn't even exist, Beyonce was still touring with Destiny's Child, and facebook membership wasn't open to the public. The pilot episode, a direct remake of the first episode of the original UK series, was criticized as a poor imitation of its source material, and the first season received mixed reviews. Very few could've guessed that the reputation of "The Office", even with its highs and lows, would go on to arguably dwarf that of the series that spawned it, that the show would help birth a movie star (Steve Carell) and a second successful TV show ("Parks and Recreation", initially referred to as a spin-off), and most importantly, alongside "30 Rock" and "Parks", launch an entirely new era and style of network sitcom that was mostly exclusive to NBC for most of those ten years. Unfortunately for NBC, as that decade came to a close, that legacy started drifting out the door. Their decision not to hang onto Fey's "30 Rock" follow-up "The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt" has paid off for Netflix. NBC Universal produces "Brooklyn Nine-Nine", created by "Parks" co-creator Michael Schur and producer Dan Goor, but it airs on Fox. "Community" was cult-popular but never a ratings smash, eventually migrating to Yahoo! for its final season. It could even be argued that they let "The Mindy Project" get away from them, which was with the network in script stage before going elsewhere. Greg Daniels, who developed "The Office" for American TV and co-created "Parks", is working on something new for the network, but it remains in development. In what invariably seems like a desperate bid to recapture lightning in a bottle, NBC has reverse-engineered "Superstore", another workplace comedy, this one set inside a Walmart-like department store, and the results are dire, an unfunny and mildly embarrassing hybrid of not just "Office" and "Parks", but also the hacky, terminally regressive sitcoms competing network CBS is running (albeit, to great success). "Superstore" focuses on Amy (America Ferrara), floor manager for a "Cloud 9" department store (the program's fictional chain), and a new employee at that branch, Jonah (Ben Feldman), as he tries to figure out how to get on her good side, and both of them navigate unruly customers, corporate chaos, and a complicated set of colleagues. Among the co-workers are perpetually happy, extremely Christian, deeply neurotic store manager Glenn (Mark McKinney); hard-as-nails assistant manager Dina (Lauren Ash); cool-as-ice, wheelchair-bound PA guy Garrett (Colton Dunn); pregnant makeup counter ditz Cheyenne (Nichole Bloom); and another new employee, cut-throat suck-up Mateo (Nico Santos). To understand why "Superstore" sucks, one only has to look at why other NBC comedies succeeded. Daniels, whose background includes "The Simpsons", added a subtle cartoon bent to "The Office", which was then pushed forward further with subsequent shows. "Community" often took place in realms of pure fantasy. Each show was anchored by its own level of internal consistency that allowed them to function, not to mention most of their settings (a paper company, television production, local government, a community college) were closed-end places where eccentricity can sensibly spread, and the protagonists were generally placed as sane people in contrast to the madness. "Superstore" takes place in a cartoon world, but there aren't any rules that govern what has consequences and what doesn't. Jonah brings an anatomically correct sex doll to work after Amy continuously pranks him with a mannequin that the staff believes resembles him. Dina physically assaults an elderly customer she suspects is a "secret shopper." Every item in electronics is marked down to 25 cents and nobody gets fired, even though the mistake is temporary. In the world of "Community", this wouldn't be a problem, and "Parks" would find smart solutions to account for big mistakes, but "Superstore" wants to take place in an "Office"-like world where the audience is emotionally invested in Amy and Jonah's hopes and dreams. Without a consistent frame of reference for what stakes are real and what stakes the show will wave away with a line of dialogue in the last few minutes, there's no reason to care about any of it. Pretty much every other NBC success was also an ensemble, filled with distinctly-drawn characters whose colliding personalities created the comedy. "Superstore" tries to be that, but the failure to settle on a tone and an unwillingness to commit to what the stakes are undermines the ability to craft engaging characters. Amy and Josh, as the most realistic of the bunch, are almost blank slates, with germs of dreams, failed and otherwise, that are no doubt seeds planted that the writers hope to grow in future seasons. All three of the network's big gems had a massive personality at the center of them (Carell, Fey, Poehler), and although "Superstore" lead America Ferrara is certainly talented, she doesn't have the magnetism the role requires. She and Younger are consistently pleasant, while everyone else beams in from different universes. Dunn's Garrett feels more in keeping with Ferrara and Younger's universe, whereas McKinney, Ash, and Santos are broad comic caricatures. In the background, bit players who recur as other members of the store's staff feel like a ploy to generate some Creed Brattons or Stanley Hudsons, and a constant stream of insults directed at one of them (Kaliko Kauahi's Sandra) is an echo of both Toby Flenderson and Jerry "Gerry" Gergich. There's also a bizarre surplus of characters who fall below even that designation -- Cloud 9 seems to have 50 working employees at any given moment, 40 of which are nameless and only seen when convenient. Still, even those flaws could be overlooked if the writing was inspired, but it's here where "Superstore" is the most disappointing. The melting pot of influences only adds up to a bunch of disparate dots that each script needs to connect, and unfortunately, the electricity animating this Frankenstein's monster is mostly depressingly hacky sitcom premises. Would you guess that the show's first eleven episodes offer up a cheesy sensitivity training video? Sex caught on surveillance cameras? Not one but two major instances of a boss trying to fit in with the "cool" crowd to disastrous results? An episode where they get locked in the store? A competition between the staff members? All of the above are trotted out here, complete with predictable background runners that play out like clockwork, in sets of three. Obviously, there's no mandate that a sitcom should have messages, but "Superstore" mimics a familiar "character growth" structure, yet constantly contradicts itself, particularly in an episode where Cheyenne's white wanna-be MC boyfriend Bo (Johnny Pemberton) tries to expand his horizons by writing a jingle for the store without swearing in it, never figuring out how to reconcile "be true to yourself" with "grow up." Plot-wise, the show also continues to borrow from its influences, introducing a will-they-or-won't-they dynamic between Amy and Jonah in the first episode, and frequently playing humor off of awkward manager/employee relationships. The one episode of the first season's that kind of works is the finale, "Labor". It should be no surprise that "Labor" is also the one episode with a fairly consistent comic tone throughout, the one where the characters have a strong story to bounce off of, and the one with the most genuine stakes. Admittedly, "The Office" and "Parks" both course-corrected after underwhelming first seasons to become the shows they're remembered as, but there's so much less about "Superstore" that shows promise. Perhaps that's because NBC's other sitcoms, driven by distinct voices and starring distinct personalities, were trying to do something new. Even at its mediocre best, "Superstore" never does more than rely on what came before it as a guideline for where to go next. The DVD "Superstore" arrives with a glossy, embossed slipcover featuring the characters striding down one of the aisles of Cloud 9 (arguably a reference to the season finale) toward the camera, or toward the potential DVD purchaser. Underneath the slip, one finds a nearly identical design on the sleeve (only difference being the tech specs on the back cover). Open the transparent 2-disc eco-friendly Amaray case (less plastic, no holes), and you'll find a small leaflet advertising some Universal comedy Blu-rays and the second season of the show, and an episode guide printed on the reverse of the sleeve so as to show through on the empty space on the left side. The Video and Audio Presented in 1.78:1 anamorphic widescreen and Dolby Digital 5.1 audio, there's nothing about this slickly-produced network television show that isn't easy for DVD compression to handle. Clarity and fine detail are generally fine because the show is so brightly lit and features such clean and straightforward sound design that there's not much to even present as a challenge, and through the series' 11 episodes, I only noticed one shot in one of the episodes where there may have been a bit of compression wonkiness in a single shot in low-lighting. Dialogue and music are cleanly separated. All-around adequate. English captions for the deaf and hard of hearing are also included. The Extras Those who recall the glory days of "The Office" season sets that contained hours of golden content will maybe be disappointed to find that the deleted scenes (4:57 on disc 1, 7:24 on disc 2, arranged by episode and in both individual episode or "play all" reels) are not only completely inconsequential (at least a couple contain no jokes), but are actually cumulatively less substantial than the only other extra, an uncensored gag reel (14:27) which is far funnier than anything from the show itself. Conclusion "Superstore" is a pretty bad show, one weighed down by the reputation and influence of the shows it's attempting to follow up. It feels like an uncanny valley of quirks and personality that other programs arrived at organically, something rife with network notes, focus group testing, and general insecurity. The first season DVD is pretty bare bones as well, continuing the tradition of bare-minimum adequacy set by the program itself. Skip it. Please check out my other DVDTalk DVD, Blu-Ray and theatrical reviews and/or follow me on Twitter. Other Reviews: Francis Rizzo III Popular Reviews 1.  C.H.U.D. 2.  I Drink Your Blood 3.  Independence Day: Resurgence 3D 4.  Akira Kurosawa's Dreams: Criterion Collection 5.  Rabid 6.  Being Canadian 7.  Star Trek: The Animated Series 8.  Hell Or High Water 9.  The Meddler 10.  Listening Sponsored Links DVD Blowouts 1. Downton Abbey Seasons 1 & 2 Limited Edition Set - Original UK Version Buy: $59.99 $44.99 2. Saving Private Ryan (Sapphire Series) [Blu-ray] Buy: $24.99 $16.91 3. Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy (Unrated Widescreen Edition) Buy: $12.98 $7.83 4. Swamp People: Season 1 Buy: $24.98 $5.99 5. The Odd Life of Timothy Green Buy: $29.99 $17.99 6. Bambi (Two-Disc Edition) Buy: $29.99 $18.33 7. Alien [Blu-ray] Buy: $19.99 $9.99 8. Gi Joe: The Rise of Cobra [Blu-ray] Buy: $22.98 $12.99 9. Brazil (Criterion Collection) [Blu-ray] Buy: $49.95 $27.99 10. American Beauty (Widescreen Edition) Buy: $12.99 $9.99 Sponsored Links Release List Reviews Shop Newsletter Forum DVD Giveaways Blu-Ray Advertise Copyright 2016 DVDTalk.com All Rights Reserved. Legal Info, Privacy Policy, Terms of Use
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Full access FAQ Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 63° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Showers early then continued cloudy and windy in the afternoon. Morning high of 63F with temps falling sharply to near 40. Winds SSW at 20 to 30 mph. Chance of rain 30%. Winds could occasionally gust over 40 mph.. Tonight Cloudy with gusty winds. Low 32F. Winds NW at 25 to 35 mph. Winds could occasionally gust over 40 mph. Updated: November 18, 2016 @ 8:24 am Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close 1 of 5 Buy Now Erik Daily, LEE NEWSPAPERS Isabella Williams, 4, tosses candy while riding on her father Jon’s shoulders during Monday’s Labor Day Parade on La Crosse’s North Side. The Williams were marching with Amalgamated Transit Union Local 519. Buy Now Erik Daily, La Crosse Tribune Jan Herold and Eli, her service dog, participate in the Labor Day Parade with Paws for Independence. Buy Now Erik Daily, La Crosse Tribune Miles Weatherford, 8, throws candy while walking with the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers and Trainmen Division 13. Buy Now Erik Daily, La Crosse Tribune Members of the La Crosse Education Association march in the Labor Day Parade. Buy Now Erik Daily, La Crosse Tribune The Warriors perform in the Labor Day Parade. featured Wages, long stagnant, show signs of improvement Jim Puzzanghera Los Angeles Times MARC WEHRS Sep 6, 2016 0 Buy Now Erik Daily, LEE NEWSPAPERS Isabella Williams, 4, tosses candy while riding on her father Jon’s shoulders during Monday’s Labor Day Parade on La Crosse’s North Side. The Williams were marching with Amalgamated Transit Union Local 519. Buy Now Erik Daily, La Crosse Tribune Jan Herold and Eli, her service dog, participate in the Labor Day Parade with Paws for Independence. Buy Now Erik Daily, La Crosse Tribune Miles Weatherford, 8, throws candy while walking with the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers and Trainmen Division 13. Buy Now Erik Daily, La Crosse Tribune Members of the La Crosse Education Association march in the Labor Day Parade. Buy Now Erik Daily, La Crosse Tribune The Warriors perform in the Labor Day Parade. WASHINGTON (TNS) — For millions of Americans, a reminder of the economic damage of the 2007-09 recession has arrived every week or two for years — in their paychecks. Painfully slow wage growth has limited economic recovery, with many workers getting few if any raises. But there are signs that has started to change. The falling unemployment rate has led to more competition for workers, spurring solid gains in average hourly earnings in recent months. Those pressures, amplified by laws providing minimum-wage increases in California, New York and elsewhere, also are triggering changes for the workers who need raises the most. Beginning last year, large companies such as Wal-Mart, Starbucks, McDonald’s and JPMorgan Chase increased what they pay their lowest-level employees. “A pay increase is the right thing to do,” JPMorgan Chase Chief Executive Jamie Dimon said recently in announcing raises that would bring the hourly pay of bank tellers, customer service representatives and other employees to at least $12 an hour in three years, from the current $10.15. “Wages for many Americans have gone nowhere for too long,” he wrote in a New York Times opinion article. The same message has emanated from the presidential campaigns of Republicans and Democrats. When adjusted for inflation, median annual household incomes declined to $53,657 in 2014, the most recent year for which government data are available, from $57,724 in 2000. “Household incomes are more than $4,000 lower than their levels in the year 2000,” Republican nominee Donald Trump said at a rally in Virginia last month. “Think of it … you’re making $4,000 less now than you did 16, 17 years ago.” Wage growth already was taking a hit this century for several reasons. One factor is the loss of bargaining power caused by a drop in the share of private-sector unionized workers; another is the decline in higher-paying manufacturing jobs as companies moved more factories abroad. As a result, the share of money flowing into households from wages began falling sharply compared with capital income from interest and dividends, according to a study last year by the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia. The 2008 financial crisis and the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression amplified those changes, further stifling overall wage growth. But after two years of strong job growth, job openings are near record levels. That’s forced employers to raise pay to attract new workers and retain existing ones, economists said. Average hourly earnings increased 2.4 percent for the 12 months ended Aug. 31. Annual wage gains have been consistently in that range since last fall — they reached a seven-year high of 2.7 percent year-over-year in July — an improvement from the tepid 2 percent during much the first six years of the recovery. With annual inflation running below 1 percent, the accelerating wage growth is boosting workers’ purchasing power. In addition, more middle-income jobs are being created than was the case earlier in the economic recovery, indicating that wage gains are being spread more evenly among the workforce. From 2010 to 2013, new jobs that paid between about $30,000 and $50,000 annually lagged well behind high- and low-wage positions, according to research released recently by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. But from 2013-15, the U.S. added about 2.3 million middle-income jobs in fields such as construction, education, and transportation. During the same period, the economy created about 1.5 million high-paying jobs and about 1.6 million low-paying jobs. Some states and localities have tried to accelerate wage recovery for low-income workers by raising minimum wages. There now are 29 states, plus the District of Columbia, that have minimum wages higher than the federal level of $7.25 an hour, which hasn’t budged since 2009. In April, California Gov. Jerry Brown signed legislation that will raise the minimum wage in California to $15 an hour by 2022. Also in April, New York enacted legislation that will raise the minimum wage there to $15. The increases vary by region — faster for New York City, slower for more rural areas — and it is unclear when the entire state will hit that level. As the states with the nation’s largest and third-largest populations moved to increase their minimum wages, large companies realized that they’d soon have to raise the pay of many of their workers. That was one factor behind the nationwide pay raises that several began announcing last year. “We certainly are mindful of wage increases in various states throughout the country,” McDonald’s chief financial officer Kevin M. Ozan said during an earnings call in July “It has, from a purely business standpoint, created an incentive to lift the wages at the bottom across their workforces,” said Christine Owens, executive director of the National Employment Law Project, which has been pushing for a $15-an-hour minimum wage. “A lot of companies … were getting a lot of bad press about how they treated their employees, and raising wages was an obvious way to respond to that,” she said. Early last year, Wal-Mart became the first major employer to announce raises for its lowest-paid workers. It now pays them at least $10 an hour once they finish the company’s training program. Wal-Mart is spending $2.7 billion over two years to increase pay, bringing the average full-time hourly rate for its workers to $13.38. Brett Biggs, the company’s chief financial officer, predicted the investment “will pay off long-term.” “Whether it’s lower attrition rates in the stores, better motivated associates, we think we’ll see the benefits from that,” he told an investor conference in June. Starbucks Chief Executive Howard Schultz cited similar reasons after announcing this summer that the company would raise base pay for its workers by at least 5 percent in October. The company’s baristas earn an average of about $9.40 an hour, according to Glassdoor. “What we want to try and do is really get ahead of any federal or state mandate to be the employer of choice,” Schultz told analysts on an earnings call in July. After saying last year that he opposed an increase in the federal minimum wage, Trump this summer said he thought it should be raised to at least $10. The Democratic Party’s official platform calls for increasing the federal minimum wage to $15. “Raising the federal minimum wage won’t just put more money in the pockets of low-income families, it also means they will spend more at the businesses in their neighborhoods,” Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton told a Michigan crowd last month. “We need to get incomes and wages rising, and it will help the whole economy grow and be fairer.” Tags Wage Worker Employee Company Gain Minimum Wage Job MARC WEHRS Follow MARC WEHRS Close Get email notifications on MARC WEHRS daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever MARC WEHRS posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow MARC WEHRS Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Quick access to the news that matters most Get the latest news delivered to your inbox. Sign Up! Breaking News Receive news and emergency updates as soon as the stories unfold. Opinion Stay up to date on daily commentary and letters to the editor. Weather Expert short-term forecast, summary of the weather details and news of any severe weather. Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. More Jobs Job Board 30504159.pdf 30506982.pdf Bulletin Puzzles Palace Joseph Crossword Classic Sudoku Mahjongg Dimensions Sheffer Crossword Premier Crossword Conceptis Battleships Jigsaw FreeCell Solitaire ≫ today's question Will you head into the woods this weekend for Wisconsin’s gun deer opener? You voted: Yes No Vote View Results Back ≫ things to do Nov 18 Karaoke/DJ Fri, Nov 18, 2016 @ 9:00 pm Nov 18 Dustin Lamm and Michael Stidolph Fri, Nov 18, 2016 @ 7:00 pm Nov 18 Digisaurus Fri, Nov 18, 2016 @ 8:00 pm Nov 18 Todd Saner and Tom Gibbons Fri, Nov 18, 2016 @ 8:00 pm Nov 18 Trivia Fri, Nov 18, 2016 @ 8:00 pm Nov 18 Continental Dance Club: Under Paris Skies Fri, Nov 18, 2016 @ 7:00 pm Nov 18 Marty & the Sharks Fri, Nov 18, 2016 @ 7:30 pm Nov 18 Album Encounter: Radiohead, "A Moon Shaped Pool" Fri, Nov 18, 2016 @ 8:00 pm Nov 18 Trivia Fri, Nov 18, 2016 @ 7:00 pm Nov 18 Trivia Fri, Nov 18, 2016 @ 8:30 pm Click here for more events Submit your event JOB BOARD VIEW ADS  > JOBS SENT TO YOUR EMAIL SEARCH ALL ADS Local Business Search local business directory I'm looking for: Located near: Hint: Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the full business directory. View local offers Local Businesses American Legion Post 284 419 W 1st St, Holmen, WI 54636 Mark Jewellers 1205 Caledonia St, La Crosse, WI 54603 Traditional Trades 1853 Sand Lake Road, Onalaska, WI 54650 Ads Central States Investigation Agency, LLC 115 5th Ave South, La Crosse, WI 54602 Ads TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Video: Bernie Sanders says Democrats need 'new direction' Video: Intelligence director James Clapper submits resignation Video: Meet America's new first family — the Trumps Video: President Obama urges Donald Trump to 'stand up' to Russia Currents +35 Music Photos: The life of Leonard Cohen, 1934-2016 National The 65 cities where police officers get paid the least +42 Lifestyles Photos: Highlights from fashion weeks around the world Today's Birthdays, Nov. 18: Margaret Atwood Today In History, Nov. 18: Jonestown, Guyana Today in History, Nov. 17: "Heidi Bowl" Today's Birthdays, Nov. 17: RuPaul News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2016 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Subscribe Sign in Manage account Logout Manage account e-Newspaper Logout Sections News All Headlines Tucson News Business News National News Arizona News World News News in Spanish Retro Tucson Sports Arizona Wildcats Greg Hansen High School Sports Obits Today's Obituaries Place an Obituary Buy & Sell Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Rentals Pets Place a Classified Ad Print Ads Advertise with us Tucson Things to Do Tucson Restaurants Events Calendar Games, Puzzles, Comics Movie Times TV Listings Outdoors Music Books Tucson Home + Life Health & Fitness Tucson Familes Tales from the Morgue Pets & Animals Tucson Gardens Opinion E-Newspaper Oro Valley Map & Guide Weekly Circulars Special Sections Contact Subscriber Services Fry's Fry's Fresh Fry's Recipes Fry's Promotions Fry's Weekly Ads Fry's Digital Coupons Toggle navigation Menu Search Search 43° Tucson, AZ (85714) Today Sunny. High near 80F. Winds ESE at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 53F. Winds ESE at 15 to 25 mph. Updated: November 18, 2016 @ 6:53 am Full Forecast Sign in using your account Sign in Don't have an account? Subscribe today Manage account e-Newspaper Logout News Sports Obits Classifieds Fry's Close 1 of 2 Buy Now Ron Medvescek / Arizona Daily Star 2013 Manuel Valenzuela, 19, right, is lowered to the ground as Kendall Randell, 19, waits to descend during a Pima County 4-H High Ropes team exercise. Buy Now Mike Christy / Arizona Daily Star A group of hikers, led by Sergio Jones, Jennifer Bass and Leon Segura, ascend the final few miles of the Bright Angel Trail back out of the Grand Canyon in April, 2016. The teenaged Healthy Living Ambassadors of the 4-H Youth Leadership program at the Pima County Cooperative Extension took part in a 3-day teen summit trip to the Grand Canyon, with most of the 60-plus students choosing a 14-mile round-trip hike to the bottom of the canyon and back to the rim in one day. web only New funding will help thousands Healthy living program for youths secures grant funding By Emily Bregel Arizona Daily Star Emily Bregel Sep 5, 2016 (…) Buy Now Ron Medvescek / Arizona Daily Star 2013 Manuel Valenzuela, 19, right, is lowered to the ground as Kendall Randell, 19, waits to descend during a Pima County 4-H High Ropes team exercise. Buy Now Mike Christy / Arizona Daily Star A group of hikers, led by Sergio Jones, Jennifer Bass and Leon Segura, ascend the final few miles of the Bright Angel Trail back out of the Grand Canyon in April, 2016. The teenaged Healthy Living Ambassadors of the 4-H Youth Leadership program at the Pima County Cooperative Extension took part in a 3-day teen summit trip to the Grand Canyon, with most of the 60-plus students choosing a 14-mile round-trip hike to the bottom of the canyon and back to the rim in one day. A healthy-living program for youths in Southern Arizona has secured enough grant funding to expand its reach and encourage thousands of kids to make healthy food choices, boost physical activity and gain leadership skills, leaders say. The Pima County Cooperative Extension’s 4-H “Youth Voice: Youth Choice” program has received $78,000 in grant funding from the Walmart Foundation for the 2016-2017 school year. Funding for the program — which is in its third year — is never guaranteed, so organizers were excited this year’s grant allows them to significantly expand the program, said Dan McDonald, interim director of the Pima County Cooperative Extension. “The idea is to have youth be more informed about their health choices, both in terms of their nutrition and physical activity, but also to be leaders in their communities,” he said. Through partnerships with schools in Pima, Santa Cruz and Pinal counties, organizers aim to reach 5,000 elementary-age children, as well as 250 Native American youths and 125 high schoolers who can become “Healthy Living Ambassadors.” Last year the program was funded to reach 1,750 children, McDonald said. The Healthy Living Ambassadors component is more intensive than the program for younger kids, who get six hours of nutrition education and physical activity, McDonald said. Ambassadors are trained in how to share what they’ve learned with others, becoming leaders in their schools, their neighborhoods and within their own families, he said. For 17-year-old Destiny Camou, a senior at Sabino High School, volunteer work came naturally — she’s done it for most of her life. But she said her time as a Healthy Living Ambassador also helped her become more outgoing and confident as a leader, while giving her opportunities to interact with younger kids from a low-income school district. Today’s youths face an uphill battle to stay active, she said. “When I was little, I was always outside and running around. But now kids are so consumed in technology, it’s hard to get kids out in the community and out exercising,” said Camou, who plans to study chemical engineering after graduation. “The main goal is to get kids my age and younger involved in the community and to kind of unite youth, so we can all work toward a healthier tomorrow.” Last year, dozens of young Healthy Living Ambassadors hiked into the Grand Canyon, an annual event covered by the Star last spring. The students had to first complete and log 50 hours of hiking and complete a qualifying hike on Mount Wrightson south of Tucson to ensure they could manage the challenging trek into the canyon, McDonald said. The program is also focused on reaching out to the diverse indigenous populations of Pima County through partnerships with the San Xavier Mission School and the Tucson Indian Center, who will help train a number of Healthy Living Ambassadors, McDonald said. Schools that sign up will get resources and support from program organizers, McDonald said, including kits to help students launch walking and running clubs at their schools and track their own healthy eating habits. Participating students and their families will have two big events to look forward to: The Tucson Marathon Family Fitness Fest on Dec. 3 will include a one-mile fun run and an obstacle course. Students will also get hands-on experience with food cultivation during a Family Farm Day event, to be held in the spring at the Tucson Village Farm. The farm is also offering a certification course for high schoolers who want to establish community gardens at their schools and in their neighborhoods. The Youth Voice: Youth Choice grant will not only give youths important tools to improve their own health, “but also builds their self-confidence and leadership skills by setting them up with the tools they need to act as peer liaisons,” Thom Plasse, instructional specialist at Tucson Village Farm, said in a news release. “We find that teens especially respond well to information that comes from their peers, rather than adults.” Contact reporter Emily Bregel at ebregel@tucson.com or 573-4233. Facing switchbacks, pitching tents prepares teens for life 4-H leaders, teens embark on Grand Canyon hike of a lifetime How to participate To join the Youth Voice: Youth Choice program, schools and teachers can contact program coordinator Allyson Miller, of the University of Arizona Cooperative Extension, at allysonmiller@email.arizona.edu or 520-621-0921. Family home sits on pool of raw sewage, lawsuit claims Complaint filed in Pima County Superior Court says Marana home wasn't hooked up to sewer when it was built in 1999. Tags 4-h Youth Voice: Youth Choice Walmart Healthy Living Ambassadors University Of Arizona Cooperative Extension Emily Bregel Follow Emily Bregel Close Get email notifications on Emily Bregel daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Emily Bregel posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Emily Bregel Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Trending Stories Arizona basketball: Alkins, Allen escaped ejection Masked men rob Tucson churchgoers Arizona Wildcats coach Sean Miller talks about 2017 signees Missing hiker found on Mount Lemmon with minor injuries, dehydrated Arizona basketball: Allen still questionable as Miller discusses 2017 signees Most Popular Tumamoc walker policy enforced during routine patrols, UA police say Oldest tree in Europe identified by University of Arizona researchers Border Patrol's 'iceboxes' at center of Tucson federal court hearing Smoke from Mount Bigelow north of Tucson is a good thing Pedestrian struck and killed while leaving Desert Diamond Casino identified Latest Local Offers Looking for Kid-Friendly, Family Fun? Check Out the Workshops at Creative Juice! Click Here for Details! 520-271-5023 Creative Juice 6530 East Tanque Verde Road, Tucson, AZ 85715 520-271-5023 Ads Great Red Push Pistache trees for your landscape! See the selection at Arizona Pistachio Nursery today! 520-742-2241 Red Push trees provide great shade throughout the summer months and have a great fall color … Arizona Pistachio Nursery 2880 W Freer Dr, Tucson, AZ 85742 520-742-2241 Ads Contact Tucson Surveying & Mapping to learn more about Topographic Surveying Using the boundary survey as its base, 3D points are located on the site and a surface model… Tucson Surveying & Mapping LLC 2900 E. Speedway Blvd. Ste. 41503, Tucson, AZ 85719 520-882-9392 Currently Open Ads Sites & Partners Amazon Arizona Daily Star Store La Estrella de Tucsón Tucson Healthy Aging Tucson Festival of Books Saddlebag Notes Topics & Features e-Newspaper Public notices Events calendar Careers @ Lee Enterprises Careers @ Gannett Star 200 top employers Tools & Services Advertise with us Register Contact us RSS feeds Newsletters Photo reprints Subscriber services Subscription FAQ © Copyright 2016 Arizona Daily Star, 4850 S. Park Ave. Tucson, AZ | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Buy the Paper Today’s Ads Newsletter and Text Alerts ePaper Login Newspaper in Education Maps Facebook CMI Careers Clovis News Journal Serving Eastern New Mexico and West Texas Home News Announcement Forms > Anniversary Announcement Submission Form Birth Announcement Submission Form Birthday Announcement Submission Form Club Notes Submission Form Engagement Announcement Submission Form Wedding Announcement Submission Form AP Wire Article Archives Blogs High Plains Yesterdays History and Spirituality Faith and Lifestyles Military Opinion Policy: Letters to the editor Papers > Cannon Connections Portales News-Tribune Quay County Sun Weather Sports Obituaries Search Obituaries Classifieds Autos Jobs Legals Place an Ad Real Estate Church Directory Best of Clovis Sections Purple Press Business feature: Local store offers hands-off shopping September 5, 2016 Staff photo: Brooke Finch Clovis’ Raintree Thriftway Assistant Manager Hannah Butler talks to a customer on the phone, verifying the items on the faxed grocery list as part of the store’s new call-in service. By Brooke Finch Staff Writer bfinch@cnjonline.com No more flipping through the tabloid magazines while waiting in line. No more squeezing the toilet paper, or the bread, to see what’s soft … unless you like that sort of thing. Grocery shopping may be changing. Like Sam’s Club and big-city Walmarts before it, Raintree Thriftway in Clovis is allowing customers to shop from home. All you have to do is call in your order — or send an email or fax — and then pick it up. And pay, of course. Raintree Thriftway Manager Mary Jaquez said payments can be made over the phone or at the time of pickup, and the service doesn’t cost extra. “A lot of people are too tired to shop,” Jaquez said. “This way, we’ll have it ready when they get off work.” Raintree Thriftway owner Kyle Brewer said an employee calls the customer before filling an order to work out details, such as “What brand of green beans did you want?” Brewer and Jaquez said the call-in service was first introduced about three weeks ago, just in time for the end of summer break. Brewer said it’s a first for Clovis supermarkets. Calls made to Walmart, Albertsons, S & S Supermarket, Lowe’s Marketplace, La Espiga De Oro Supermarket and Royal Oriental Grocery confirmed none offer that   service. “I think it was all of (the staff’s) ideas,” Brewer said. “We’d been brainstorming what the city needs and what we can do to try to get that to happen.” Brewer estimated the store, which opened 11 months ago, receives two or three pickup orders per day, but said the concept is “starting to catch on.” “Everybody’s going back to work,” he said, “so we’ve had a lot of positive feedback.” Jaquez said busy schoolteachers and working parents were the inspiration behind the idea. “They get off work and they don’t want to shop,” Jaquez said. “This way it’s already done for them, and they appreciate it because it seems to save a little bit of time.” One customer is Clovis’ Diana Heenan, who on Saturday was a first-time Raintree shopper. She was surprised to learn about the call-in service and considered it “unique.” Heenan juggles two jobs in addition to helping raise her granddaughter. Because her husband is disabled, it’s up to her to shop for her household. “I think it’s a great service,” Heenan said. “For me especially, calling in groceries would be great because when I get home from work sometimes I’m so tired and can’t always find the time to shop.” Brewer said he hopes the store can one day implement an online ordering service, but the idea “is still in its infancy.” “Right now, we don’t have the electronic ability to get it all online where you can click on what you want and pay for it,” he said. “That’s the ultimate goal, but this is just the beginning of that.” What about shoppers who like to squeeze the toilet paper and compare the vegetables for freshness and, um, find out the latest on celebrity love lives? Brewer and Jaquez said they hope the service grows, but they agree it likely won’t surpass old-fashioned trips to the grocery store. “It might be a close second,” Jaquez said, “but I think people still like to go in and do their shopping.” Share this post: Email Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Filed Under: Featured News, News  Sound Off The push to eliminate Daylight Saving Time in New Mexico has gathered traction over the years. What do you think we should do? We should have dumped it years ago. It doesn’t benefit us in any way, and we need to stand up against it. We should only do it if neighboring states join us. I don’t want to spend six months being two hours behind Texas time. This should be a national decision and not a guessing game of which states adhere to time changes. Leave it alone. There are bigger issues to tackle. Vote View Results CMI Promotions Contact Us | Privacy Policy | User Agreement | Article Archives | CMI Careers | Rate Cards Copyright © 2016 Clovis Media Inc. · Clovis News Journal Press f for fullscreen. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
    Class AAA   8George Washington 0 at  1Martinsburg 0      10South Charleston at  2Spring Valley      12Hurricane at  4Morgantown      14Jefferson 0 at  6Capital 0    Class AA   8Lincoln at  1Bridgeport      10Keyser at  2Mingo Central      6James Monroe 0 at  3Point Pleasant 0      13Weir 0 at  5Fairmont Senior 0    Class A   8Williamstown at  1East Hardy      7Gilmer County at  2St. Marys      6Wheeling Central 0 at  3Fayetteville 0      12Pendleton County 0 at  4Tolsia 0    High School FootballALL SCORES   Up Next: Talkline with Hoppy Kercheval Starting at 10:00am About Us Our People Advertising News Sports Shows WV Poll Outdoors Man charged after alleged bank robbery Saturday in Martinsburg Walmart Share Article By MetroNews Staff in News | September 05, 2016 at 4:07PM MARTINSBURG, W.Va. — A man was charged after allegedly trying to rob a Martinsburg bank Saturday morning. Police said 34-year old Robert Largent demanded money from tellers at the Woodforest National Bank inside of a Walmart and suggested he had a weapon. After taking the money, police said Largent fled the scene around 10 a.m. Saturday morning. Police identified Largent through surveillance video and found him less than one hour after the crime was committed. He was awaiting arraignment on first-degree robbery charges. Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) MetroNews Staff staff@wvmetronews.com @wvmetronews WVMetroNews We are West Virginia's only news, talk and sports network providing you the ability to reach all of West Virginia through a single source. Use a Facebook account to add a comment, subject to Facebook's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Comments Most Popular West Virginia's best offensive game 'still out there' — might need it soon FEMA commits to replacing five schools destroyed in June flood WVU student accused of stabbing roommate Feds reveal charges in DOH pay-for-play scheme © 2016 West Virginia MetroNews Network 1111 Virginia Street East, Charleston, WV 25301 Powered by Advertise with Us Contact Careers EEO Affiliates Intranet Privacy Policy Subscribe to Email Alerts Mobile Site Latest Newscasts News | Sports Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. 5 Trends Reshaping the U.S. Labor Market Today Money 9/5/2016 Alicia Adamczyk © Thanasis Zovoilis—Getty Images Things are getting interesting in the U.S. workforce. ompanies are hiring more workers, wages are starting to grow, and unemployment was down to 4.9% in July. Employers are experimenting with flexible hours and more generous work-from-home policies; more of them are providing both male and female workers with paid parental leave; they’re even installing beer taps in the workplace. The situation isn’t perfect by any means. Wages for jobs in the middle of the income spectrum aren’t benefitting from the infinitesimal growth that the lowest paying positions are experiencing (just ask teachers). The gap between the richest and poorest workers grows wider by the day. Many Americans have simply given up looking for a job. But there’s been a renewed emphasis on worker’s rights in recent years. Things like paid leave, an increase in the minimum wage, and equal pay for women were largely overlooked during the recession, but have been top priorities for business leaders, the media_, and politicians recently. Here’s where labor issues stand in 2016: © Fox Business   Wage Growth Wage growth hit 2.6% for the past year in June, the highest level since the Great Recession. As Glassdoor‘s Andrew Chamberlain explains, under “normal” conditions—i.e., before the recession—wage growth averaged 3% to 3.5% per year. In 2014 it was 2.1%, and in 2015 it was 2.3%. But these numbers don’t tell the whole story. Wage growth is highly local, and varies drastically depending on industry. Glassdoor, which collects anonymous salary information, studied growth across 200 different job titles. It found that some jobs are seeing double-digit gains. Unsurprisingly, those include jobs in the technology, health care, and financial sectors. Certified nursing assistants and sales managers have gotten nice raises. Strategists, financial advisors, and front-end developers are also enjoying wage gains well above the economy-wide average. Meanwhile, a more diverse set of jobs have actually suffered wage loss, like copywriters, delivery drivers, and property managers. Yet as MONEY reported, it’s the lowest-paying jobs—such as those at gas stations and food and beverage stores like Starbucks —that are actually seeing the biggest gains, thanks to increases in the minimum wage at the state and local level and a more educated workforce. Target, Walmart, and JPMorgan all recently announced wage increases for their lowest-paid workers. “[M]any of the private-sector jobs that have been added since the Great Recession are either in high-paying professional service sectors or in lower-paying industries such as retail, with few well-paying jobs available for workers without advanced degrees,” writes the Brookings Institute. But as the unemployment rate drops and the workforce becomes increasingly more educated, employers will be forced to increase wages from the current minimum if they want to fill vacancies. As more jobs open up, wages are expected to grow further. But the growth will likely be slow. “In our view, wage growth outside of low pay sectors is likely to gradually increase as the overall labor market tightens,” economists from Bank of America Merrill Lynch wrote in a recent report provided to Bloomberg. “However, the trend will be slow, and will likely remain below that of low pay sectors.” Meanwhile, an increase in the federal minimum wage, which currently sits at $7.25 (though many states and localities have instituted their own, higher minimums), has been a central fight of labor groups for several years. Recently, the Fight for $15, which advocates for a $15 minimum federal minimum wage, has made inroads across the country: Seattle, Los Angeles, New York State, and California have all said they will phase in $15 minimums over the next few years. Over half of Americans favor increasing the federal minimum wage to $15, according to Pew, but it is a highly partisan issue. Per Pew, “82% of Clinton supporters favor raising the federal minimum wage to $15, while nearly as many Trump supporters (76%) oppose it.” Opponents of raising the minimum wage say this will cause layoffs, as small businesses are squeezed. Higher wages will encourage employers to outsource to cheaper labor pools or automate positions. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie vetoed a $15 minimum wage bill Tuesday, saying individual businesses should set their own wages. © TheStreet   Salary Transparency/Pay Equity Equal pay has become one of the most visible efforts for gender equality in the workplace in recent years. Women across the country, from A-list celebrities to professional athletes to tech workers, are speaking out against unfair pay practices in their industries and demanding more. On average, women still make significantly less than men, at all levels, regardless of experience, education, or hours put in at the office. The latest attempt to close the gap has been salary transparency: The Equal Opportunity Commission announced in January it wanted to institute a rule requiring companies with over 100 employees to disclose the compensation of their personnel, broken down by race and gender. In the private sector, Buffer, a social media_ firm, gained attention when it made all of its employee salary information publicly available in a Google doc. Read Next: Where Women’s Workplace Equality Stands in 2016 Companies like Salesforce have reviewed their pay practices internally and made adjustments. SAP, a software company, found that this practice benefitted male workers as well as female, as members of both genders were given a pay hike. Forbidding prospective employers from asking about pay history in job interviews is also picking up steam. Massachusetts became the first state to institute such a policy; New York City hopes to follow suit. And Tuesday, Eleanor Holmes Norton, the nonvoting delegate from Washington, D.C., announced she would propose a similar bill in the U.S. House of Representatives. © TheStreet   Parental Leave Policies Likewise, the U.S. has reached a tipping point when it comes to instituting paid parental leave policies in the workplace. Tech companies like Facebookhttp://time.com/money/4129990/facebook-paid-parental-leave/">Facebook; and Amazon are leading the charge, but employers across sectors have realized that, to remain competitive and retain talented workers (and cut down on turnover costs), they need to offer at least some paid leave. Research shows that paid leave helps close the wage gap between men and women; it also allows men to take on some share of care-taking and household duties, which still disproportionately fall on women. These are good things for working women, and good things for families. It’s also been spotlighted in this year’s presidential election. Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton has outlined a proposal for paid parental and medical leave. Republican nominee Donald Trump’s position is less clear, but his daughter Ivanka Trump, who he has said is an important advisor to his campaign, advocated for paid leave policies at the Republican National Convention. And the vast majority of workers on both sides of the political aisle want some type of paid leave policy. © Provided by MarketWatch   Freelancers/Gig Economy More than 53 million Americans work as freelancers, according to Upwork. The percentage of independent workers—freelancers, contractors, and temps—is expected to reach 40% of the workforce by 2020. Even retirees are taking on gig work. Depending on you who you ask, this is either an indication that work as we know it is ending, or the natural progression of America’s entrepreneurial spirit. Sure, freelancers can make their own hours, but they must worry about covering their insurance and other costs. Contractors may have the freedom to bounce between projects, but they are rarely guaranteed maternity leave, paid vacation, a 401(k), or health benefits. Whether or not you think freelancing and gig economy jobs are good for workers and the economy, however, they’re here to stay. And there are a lot of unique problems facing these workers. For example, just 12% of contractors are offered some type of retirement plan, like a 401(k), from their employers. Other problems speak to larger structural issues of gig economy work. “In the rapid growth of the online gig economy, many workers have felt squeezed and at times dehumanized by a business structure that promises independence but often leaves them at the mercy of increasingly powerful companies,” writes the New York Times. Uber drivers across the globe have made headlines for their efforts to unionize and be considered employees, rather than independent contractors. With an ever-increasing proportion of the population looking to make a living in the gig economy, these are issues that shouldn’t be overlooked. These are issues that future administrations in Washington and employers across America will be compelled to address. Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee for president, has specifically called out gig economy workers in some of her campaign rhetoric. “I’ll crack down on bosses that exploit employees by misclassifying them as contractors or even steal their wages,” she said during an economic speech in July in New York City. © Fox Business   Restructuring the Work Week Another trend gaining traction is the restructured work week: Firms are allowing more employees to work from home or shift hours away from the standard 9-to-5. Others are cutting back on the 40-hour work week altogether. Amazon recently announced it was launching a pilot program of 30-hour days for some employees (at a pay cut, natch), while companies in Sweden became the envy of the working world for their 30-hour week experiments. Proponents of flexible hours and shorter weeks argue that the modern economy calls for them. Numerous studies have shown that humans can only be productive for so long. In other words, in an economy that doesn’t directly rely on manual labor as it did in the past, the 8-hour work day is no longer efficient. “It is found that working hours up to 25–30 hours per week have a positive impact on cognition for males depending on the measure and up to 22–27 hours for females,” a study out of the University of Melbourne on over-40 workers reads. “After that, working hours have a negative impact on cognitive functioning.” This flexibility also benefits parents and those caring for sick relatives. And for those companies who want to retain the best of the best workers, flexibility is key. According to the Huffington Post, “61 percent of full-time independents cite the ‘ability to control my own schedule’ as the top reason to work solo, compared with only 38 percent who cite money as the most important motivator.” SPONSORED: Get smart advice on picking a college and paying for it, check out MONEY’s best college value rankings, and find the school that best fits your student, all at the MONEY College Planner. Go to MSN Home More in Money 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money What Trump's win could mean for older Americans CBS News 30 things you should never buy without a coupon GOBankingRates 6 brand mascots that actually existed in real life Business Insider 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney Up Next 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from Money Can Trump Make Coal Great Again? Money The Other Financial Mess in Public-Employee Benefits Money How a Father of 3 Built a Million-Dollar Business Around Craft Supplies Money How to Talk to Your Parents About Moving Out of Their Big, Beautiful House Money Money View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Huddle House unexpectedly shuts down, employees remain unpaid - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT 2016 St. Jude Dream Home I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Chopper 5 Biker Dad Blog 2016 Mid-South Heart Walk Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Sports Friday Football Fever 2016 Olympic Games College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis 'Raw Travel' premieres in October on WMC Action News 5 Our local commitment In the kitchen with Chef Jeff WMC-TV 5 Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 Station History WMC-TV 5 Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Huddle House unexpectedly shuts down, employees remain unpaid 2016-09-05T19:40:59Z2016-09-05T20:13:40Z By Amanda LaBrot, Reporter Email Connect alabrot@wdam.com Huddle House on U.S. 98 unexpectedly shuts down, employees remain unpaid. Source: WDAM LAMAR COUNTY, MS (WDAM) - The Huddle House restaurant on U.S. 98 unexpectedly closed, and employees said they were not notified and have not received their paychecks. “I literally showed up for work and (there) was no one here," said Rosna Sloan, now a former employee. "The doors were locked. I was scheduled to come in at 6 o’clock. (There) was no one here. They had taped something on the door talking about new management or whatever. Nobody called me that’s supposed to hand over the paychecks that the place was even closed.” Mickey Smith is another one of the almost 30 people who lost his job with no explanation and still has not been paid. "Came in overnight, stole our payroll," Smith said. "Stole the money that we work for, (and) closed the store down without our notification. Ran off with everything without notifying his employees that he was closing. We want our money, and we want our money now. Not only do we want our money, we got people that got families. We got people who got kids. They need to work. This is totally unfair." Sloan said, “I don’t have a job, and I haven’t been paid. They owe me two checks.” Aside from not receiving recent checks, Smith and Sloan said they previously had problems verifying the validity of the paychecks they did receive and often could not find a business that would cash their checks. “You go places trying to cash your check, and Walmart (doesn't) even want to cash your check," Sloan said. "You know Walmart will cash anybody’s check. They won’t cash these checks. They even gave us a check that didn’t have a serial code at the bottom before. We have to come up here, and they have to pay us because we can’t go (anywhere) else. Now I’ve got bad credit because of a check that I worked for. It’s no good. That falls back on me because you got my information on this check. You don’t have yours. You have mine.” Smith agreed saying, “We have damaged our name, our credibility, in the city of Hattiesburg. We can’t even get a paycheck cashed anywhere. If you go anywhere, we got checks, employees got checks that (have) bounced all over Hattiesburg, Mississippi, and it’s a shame.” Smith places the blame on the man he said owns the building's lease, and said his actions are criminal. WDAM 7 reached out to Huddle House's director of Franchise Development for Mississippi, but received no comment. “This man ran off with our paychecks," Smith said. "Not only one paycheck, he owes us more than one paycheck, and we want our money. It’s not right. Not only do we want our money, we want our jobs.” Copyright WDAM 2016. All rights reserved. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Friends, family identify mother killed at 2-year-old's birthday party Friends, family identify mother killed at 2-year-old's birthday party Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 9:26 AM EST2016-11-18 14:26:48 GMT Seven people have been shot and at least one is dead after a shooting in Dyersburg. More >> Seven people have been shot and at least one is dead after a shooting in Dyersburg.More >> MPD: Missing 10-year-old last seen at school, may be in danger MPD: Missing 10-year-old last seen at school, may be in danger Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 7:56 AM EST2016-11-18 12:56:23 GMT (Source: MPD) Memphis Police Department is searching for a missing 10-year-old boy who was last seen at his school and may be in danger. More >> Memphis Police Department is searching for a missing 10-year-old boy who was last seen at his school and may be in danger.More >> SunTrust Zoo Lights bring holiday cheer to Memphis Zoo SunTrust Zoo Lights bring holiday cheer to Memphis Zoo Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 6:45 AM EST2016-11-18 11:45:54 GMT It's beginning to feel a lot like Christmas at Memphis Zoo!  More >> It's beginning to feel a lot like Christmas at Memphis Zoo! More >> Officer hit on head, hospitalized while making arrest Officer hit on head, hospitalized while making arrest Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 12:27 AM EST2016-11-18 05:27:42 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) A Memphis police officer was injured while trying to arrest someone.More >> A Memphis police officer was injured while trying to arrest someone.More >> Lawsuit filed against sheriff after prolonged problems at county jail Lawsuit filed against sheriff after prolonged problems at county jail Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 11:14 PM EST2016-11-18 04:14:54 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) The Shelby County Sheriff has been served with papers. He was hit with a lawsuit by Just City.   More >> The Shelby County Sheriff has been served with papers. He was hit with a lawsuit by Just City.  More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Friends, family identify mother killed at 2-year-old's birthday party Friends, family identify mother killed at 2-year-old's birthday party Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 9:26 AM EST2016-11-18 14:26:48 GMT Seven people have been shot and at least one is dead after a shooting in Dyersburg. More >> Seven people have been shot and at least one is dead after a shooting in Dyersburg.More >> Wrong number may be bringing strangers together for Thanksgiving Wrong number may be bringing strangers together for Thanksgiving Posted: Wednesday, November 16 2016 8:37 PM EST2016-11-17 01:37:33 GMT Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 10:50 AM EST2016-11-17 15:50:38 GMT Jamal Hinton, a high school senior, was in class on Monday when he got a text from a woman he didn’t know inviting him for a holiday dinner. What happened next has gone viral. More >> Jamal Hinton, a high school senior, was in class on Monday when he got a text from a woman he didn’t know inviting him for a holiday dinner. What happened next has gone viral.More >> Reports: Sessions tapped as Trump's AG pick, Pompeo as CIA chief Reports: Sessions tapped as Trump's AG pick, Pompeo as CIA chief Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 7:10 AM EST2016-11-18 12:10:04 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 8:43 AM EST2016-11-18 13:43:09 GMT Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-AL, was among the first in Congress to support Donald Trump for president. More >> Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-AL, was among the first in Congress to support Donald Trump for president.More >> Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Updated: Thursday, November 10 2016 12:28 PM EST2016-11-10 17:28:34 GMT Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday. More >> Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday.More >> Man dissolves in Yellowstone hot spring Man dissolves in Yellowstone hot spring Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 3:18 AM EST2016-11-18 08:18:55 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 3:18 AM EST2016-11-18 08:18:54 GMT A man dissolved in acidic water after he fell into Yellowstone hot spring. More >> A man dissolved in acidic water after he fell into Yellowstone hot spring.More >> Cutting the Cord: How Americans are ditching cable services Cutting the Cord: How Americans are ditching cable services Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 6:49 PM EST2016-11-17 23:49:44 GMT (Source: WSFA 12) For decades, the television has been the centerpiece of American homes. But the way we watch our favorite shows is changing. More >> For decades, the television has been the centerpiece of American homes. But the way we watch our favorite shows is changing.More >> Stephen Hawking gives humanity 1,000 more years on Earth Stephen Hawking gives humanity 1,000 more years on Earth Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 5:07 AM EST2016-11-18 10:07:24 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 7:05 AM EST2016-11-18 12:05:10 GMT Stephen Hawking recently suggested that humans find a new planet to live because he believed that humanity probably has 1,000 years left on Earth.More >> Stephen Hawking recently suggested that humans find a new planet to live because he believed that humanity probably has 1,000 years left on Earth.More >> Teen dies after riding roller coaster in Memphis Teen dies after riding roller coaster in Memphis Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 6:03 PM EST2016-11-17 23:03:31 GMT Caitlin Rose Williams (Source: wallerfuneralhome.com) A 17-year-old died after riding a roller coaster in Memphis.  More >> A 17-year-old died after riding a roller coaster in Memphis. More >> "Most Pro-Trump County in U.S." getting new, unwanted attention Roberts County dealing with unwanted attention after being dubbed "Most pro-Trump County in the U.S." Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 8:17 PM EST2016-11-18 01:17:04 GMT A small town in the Texas Panhandle is having to deal with some unwanted attention after being dubbed the "Most Pro-Trump county in the Nation." / Source: KFDA A small town in the Texas Panhandle is having to deal with some unwanted attention after being dubbed the "Most Pro-Trump county in the Nation."More >> A small town in the Texas Panhandle is having to deal with some unwanted attention after being dubbed the "Most Pro-Trump county in the Nation."More >> news City manager: Talladega police officer fired for sharing racist posts on Facebook City manager: Talladega police officer fired for sharing racist posts on Facebook Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 12:12 AM EST2016-11-17 05:12:59 GMT Talladega City Manager Patrick Bryant says Talladega Police Officer Joel Husk was fired Wednesday after sharing racist posts on his Facebook page. More >> Talladega City Manager Patrick Bryant says Talladega Police Officer Joel Husk was fired Wednesday after sharing racist posts on his Facebook page.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Police in Lewisburg & Princeton seek suspected shoplifters - WVVA TV Bluefield Beckley WV News, Weather and Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Hometown Business Connections Advertiser Services NEWS All Points Bulletin Coal Industry News Decision 2016: Full election coverage Get the WVVA News App TODAY Lifestyle WEATHER WVVA Weather - Interactive Radar WVVA weather - Skycam Network Precision Doppler Weather Blogs Snow Patrol Get the Precision Weather App SPORTS NFL on NBC Enter the Fast Lane Challenge NASCAR AP College Football AP College Basketball VIDEO SLIDESHOWS THINGS TO DO Medical Minute Pet Lost & Found Smile! It's Your Birthday WHAT'S ON Watch NBC The Two Virginias' CW MeTV Two Virginias' Dub Request Form Police in Lewisburg & Princeton seek suspected shoplifters Posted: Monday, September 5, 2016 4:17 PM EDT By Courtney Clark, WVVA News anchor BioEmail Connect Biography cclark@wvva.com Follow @CourtneyC_WVVA LEWISBURG (WVVA) - Police are asking for your help identifying a man and woman in a shoplifting spree that spanned at least two counties. According to Corporal J.D. Hughes with the Lewisburg Police Department, these two people pushed a cart out of Walmart filled with unpaid merchandise of more than a thousand dollars on August 24th and $1,400 on August 26th. Police say they took multiple electronics & power tools. It happened between the hours of 4 to 7 a.m. Corporal Hughes says items valued at more than $1,200 were also taken from the Princeton Walmart on August 25th. The duo reportedly left the scene in a gray Ford Taurus with black wheels on the front and silver wheels on the back. Contact the Lewisburg Police Department at 304-645-1626 if you have any information on their whereabouts. NEWSMore>> West Virginia settles claims against 3 drug companies West Virginia settles claims against 3 drug companies The West Virginia Attorney General's Office says it has reached settlements with three more prescription drug wholesalers for $800,000 resolving allegations they failed to detect, report and stop suspiciously large drug orders into the state. More >> The West Virginia Attorney General's Office says it has reached settlements with three more prescription drug wholesalers for $800,000 resolving allegations they failed to detect, report and stop suspiciously large drug orders into the state.More >> Trump to deal with surging migration to US, scant resources Trump to deal with surging migration to US, scant resources Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 2:09 AM EST2016-11-18 07:09:35 GMT President-elect Donald Trump will face an immigration system that is maxed out when he takes office in January as a high number of Central Americans and Haitians continue to come to the U.S. through the Mexican...More >> President-elect Donald Trump will face an immigration system that is maxed out when he takes office in January as a high number of Central Americans and Haitians continue to come to the U.S. through the Mexican border.More >> UPDATE: Name released of suspect in arson shot by off-duty officer UPDATE: Name released of suspect in arson shot by off-duty officer Investigators are on the scene of an officer-involved shooting in Raleigh County.More >> Investigators are on the scene of an officer-involved shooting in Raleigh County.More >> Near record warmth followed by snow showers this weekend Near record warmth followed by snow showers this weekend Dry weather and warm temperatures are expected Friday followed by a cold weekend with snow showers possible Saturday afternoon through Sunday morning. More >> Dry weather and warm temperatures are expected Friday followed by a cold weekend with snow showers possible Saturday night and Sunday.  More >> WVVA Weather Team 2016-2017 Winter Forecast WVVA Weather Team 2016-2017 Winter Forecast (WVVA) Each year when we make a winter outlook forecast, we look at global patterns and features. Last winter we didn't receive our first inch of snow at the WVVA studio until January 20th. A strong El Nino was in place and winter started off very warm. This year looks different...More >> (WVVA) Each year when we make a winter outlook forecast, we look at global patterns and features. Last winter we didn't receive our first inch of snow at the WVVA studio until January 20th. A strong El Nino was in place and winter started off very warm.  This year looks different...More >> Experts: Video evidence isn't slam dunk in police shootings Experts: Video evidence isn't slam dunk in police shootings Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 6:29 PM EST2016-11-17 23:29:24 GMT Prosecutors say that when Philando Castile was pulled over in July, he calmly told the officer he had a gun and was licensed to carry it.More >> When Philando Castile was shot by a Minnesota police officer, his girlfriend broadcast his final moments live on Facebook. But experts say the footage from a squad car camera was probably a bigger factor in...More >> Church in Virginia distributes turkey dinners in Rainelle Church in Virginia distributes turkey dinners in Rainelle The Angel of Mercy Ministries at Buford Road Baptist Church in North Chesterfield, Virginia, visited Rainelle today. More >> The Angel of Mercy Ministries at Buford Road Baptist Church in North Chesterfield, Virginia, visited Rainelle today.More >> River trail fundraising event upcoming River trail fundraising event upcoming The Greenbrier River Trail is still damaged from Caldwell to Anthony, but a group in the community is throwing a "Merry Christmas to the Greenbrier River Trail" Party on November 20th at Hill and Holler in Lewisburg to raise funds.  More >> The Greenbrier River Trail is still damaged from Caldwell to Anthony, but a group in the community is throwing a "Merry Christmas to the Greenbrier River Trail" Party on November 20th at Hill and Holler in Lewisburg to raise funds. More >> Can't Find Something? WVVA 3052 Big Laurel Hwy, Bluefield, WV 24701 Switchboard: 800-227-9882 News tips: news@wvva.com or 304-327-7071 Careers Advertise with us Advertiser Services FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Contact All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 WVVA. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy,, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Two people wanted for stealing from Walmart - Beckley, Bluefield & Lewisburg News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY CBS59 News Don Blankenship UBB Case Local News Crime & Punishment International Missing Persons National Virginia Headlines Strange and Unusual News West Virginia Headlines Weather Download the StormTracker59 App 7-Day Forecast Radar - StormTracker 59 Local Temps National Temps Regional Sat/Rad Regional Temperatures School Closings Weather Watches & Warnings Sports 59SportsZone Friday Night Football Scores WV Illustrated Video Community Homecoming 2016 Brilliance of Fall 2016 Community Calendar What's On WVNS CBS/FOX TV Schedule Decision Makers Contests WVNS-TV and Dunkin' Donuts Breakfast Club Give-away About Us Contact Us Meet the Team EEO Files FCC Public Inspection File Tactive Digital Work With Us FOX59 Two people wanted for stealing from Walmart Posted: Monday, September 5, 2016 3:44 PM EDT Updated: Saturday, September 17, 2016 3:44 PM EDT By Douglas Fritz Email Connect dfritz@wvnstv.com These people are believed to have taken nearly $2,500 in merchandise from the Lewisburg Walmart. The suspects left in this gray Ford Taurus Lewisburg Police officers are asking for help from the community to track down two people who took thousands of dollars in merchandise from the Walmart store on Route 219.  They are searching for a man and a woman who were seen on surveillance video. The two people are believed to have taken more than $1,000 in various items from the story on Aug. 24 and another $1,400 worth of items on Aug. 26, 2016. It happened between 4 a.m. and 7 a.m. on both days. Items that were taken include electronics and power tools, including two 43-inch LED televisions. The left in a gray Ford Taurus with black wheels on the front and silver wheels on the back. Investigators said the couple may be involved in the theft of more than $1,200 worth of items from the Walmart in Princeton as well.  That happened on Aug. 25. Anyone with information in the names or locations of the people is asked to contact the Lewisburg Police Department at 304-645-1626. WeatherMore>> GO / View Larger >> 7 Day Forecast School Closings Predictor WVNS-TV P.O. Box 509 Ghent, WV 25843 Main (304) 787-5959 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 WorldNow and WVNS Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics ANF AAPL Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Walmart Layaway Program Starts Aug. 28 for 2015 Merchandise bought through the program must cost at least $10 Aug 28, 2015, 5:05 pm EST  |  By Karl Utermohlen, InvestorPlace Writer     Walmart (NYSE:WMT) is launching a layaway plan that begins on Aug. 28. The holiday season may still be a few months away but the retailer is looking ahead and hoping its customers do the same. Walmart’s plan is designed for customers building a holiday shopping list to ensure they get everything they need. Starting Friday, the company is allowing customers to pay for close to 40,000 items in installments. Consumers have 90 days to pay for these items. Merchandise bought through the layaway plan must cost at least $10 and the total of items need to total at least $50. Walmart is also offering a look at the holiday season’s top toys. WMT stock is down 1.69% Friday. More From InvestorPlace  — Is the Under Armour Stock Split a Raw Deal for UA Owners? — Grab These 1% Stocks While They’re Cheap — 5 Boom or Bust Energy Stocks to Buy Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2015/08/walmart-layaway-wmt-stock/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks Investors Should Buy From the Scrap Heap 10 Pharma Stocks That Are Prescribed Under Trump 3 Beaten-Down Biotech Stocks to Buy for Huge Gains Don’t Give up on Twilio Stock Just Yet! Is the Trump Boost Over for BAC Stock? Why MacBook Pro Fans Are Angry (Again) Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Stocks to Buy From the Scrap Heap The 10 Best Pharma Stocks Under President Donald Trump 3 Beaten-Down Biotech Stocks to Buy for Huge Gains 3 Naked Puts to Generate a $1000 in Holiday Cash Don’t Give up on Twilio Inc (TWLO) Stock Just Yet! Most Popular Most Commented The 7 Best Tech Stocks in the World 7 Stocks to Buy From the Scrap Heap The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 This 1,900% DryShips Inc. (DRYS) Stock Rally Will Burn You The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 S&P 500 Seeing Some Consolidation Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Quietly Set Itself Up for a HUGE Q4 Time to Grab Up Bargains in the Nasdaq This 1,900% DryShips Inc. (DRYS) Stock Rally Will Burn You Apple Inc. (AAPL) Angers New MacBook Pro Fans Yet Again Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Connect with us facebook twitter CNET Reviews Top Categories CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums Popular Forums Computer Help Computer Newbies Laptops Phones TVs & Home Theaters Networking & Wireless Windows 7 Windows 10 Cameras All Forums News Top Categories Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Top Categories Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Top Categories Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Top Categories CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Top Categories Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Top Categories Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Sign In / Join Sign In to CNET Join CNET Member Benefits My Profile Forums Sign Out US Other editions United Kingdom Australia China France Germany Japan Korea CNET en Español HolidayBuyer's Guide Deals & Promotions Amcrest 2K UltraHD Dual-Band Security Cam - $99 w/ code H2SWX52C Superior imaging, remote Pan/Tilt, two-way talk, internal antennas, superior night vision and compatibility with both 2.4 and 5-GHz WiFi bands. The new Amcrest 2K is the finest security cam you can buy and it's now at a budget-beating, low price. facebook twitter link email Outsmart Burglars with SimpliSafe: From Just $229.96 The burglars of today are ready for almost anything, but they've met their match with SimpliSafe. Each package is a thoughtfully-assembled security arsenal. It uses technology designed by a Harvard-educated engineer. It's so reliable, it received CNET's Editor's Choice Award. Packages starting from just $229.96. facebook twitter link email Portal: 'Congestion-Buster' AC2400 WiFi Router - $199.99 Get unprecedented speed, reliability and coverage with the first and only router specifically engineered to cut through network congestion. facebook twitter link email Samsung UN60JS7000 60-Inch 4K TV - $1199.99 The Samsung UN60JS7000 features cutting edge technology for an incredible entertainment experience at an affordable price. facebook twitter link email Sonus Faber Pryma 1 Closed-Back Headphones - $499.99 High style and legendary Sonus Faber engineering combine together to create some of the finest headphones you can buy in the under-$1000 category. facebook twitter link email HiFiMan RE-600 Songbird In-Ear Monitors - $199.99 Smooth, clear sound, 102 db sensitivity, titanium-coated drivers and an ultra-compact, all-day-comfort fit. facebook twitter link email Rosewill 4-Liter Stainless Steel Electric Hot Water Dispenser - $50 Dual, electric and cup dispense, three temperature settings, stainless steel shell and inner pot and dry-boil protection. Select 'White' to get sale price. facebook twitter link email Bose SoundTouch Wireless Starter Two-Pack - $349.95 The SoundTouch 10 x 2 Wireless Starter Pack is the easiest way to stream your music with full, rich sound to more than one room. facebook twitter link email Sony MDR-1A Headphones - $298 Super-comfort, clarity and listenability combine to make an already excellent headphone even better. CNET 4.5 Star rating. facebook twitter link email Onkyo RZ800 7.2 Network A/V Receiver - $649.99 Major bang for your bucks. 135-watts per channel, WiFi, Bluetooth, Airplay, Dolby Atmos, three-zone / three-source output and incredible sound for music and movies. facebook twitter link email Canon EOS Rebel T6i Kit w/ 18-55 Lens - $749 The perfect 'all-around' DSLR combines performance with excellent usability. Kit includes lens, memory card, camera bag and more. facebook twitter link email Amcrest Security Cams & Systems Now 20-Percent Off! From indoor and outdoor Full HD security cams to Network Video Recorders and systems, Amcrest provides complete security solutions for your Home or Business Needs. Enjoy 20% off on these select products. facebook twitter link email Bose QuietControl 30 Noise Cancelling Wireless Headphones - $299.95 Lightweight, exceptionally comfortable, great sounding Bluetooth headphones let you set just the right amount of noise cancelling that sounds best. facebook twitter link email Spock Million Dollar Bill - $4.99 What's better than a million dollars? A million Spock dollars! Collectible million dollar bill in currency holder featuring classic Spock and crew images. facebook twitter link email Yujin eX500 Smart Vac & Mop Robot - $379 2-in-1, extremely quiet and powerful robot vacuum and mop with advanced camera recognition and navigation, V-type brush design for better cleaning and a slim "fits everywhere" design. facebook twitter link email Amcrest Hex 'Super-Wide' Indoor WiFi Security Cam - $74.99 Stunning, Full-HD, 960p (1.3MP) video quality at 30fps with a super-wide 140 degree viewing, two-way audio and night vision up to 32 feet. facebook twitter link email IDrive: Click - Protect Your Data, Documents and Memories - $6 Lose the worry! It's as easy as 1-2-Click to backup and protect all your data on all your devices. Get 1TB for 1-year of military-encrypted backup and top flight customer service. facebook twitter link email Cheapskate Deals Rick Broida has been wheeling and dealing and writing about deals for a long time now. See what Rick is touting today, and get in on the best deal action around. facebook twitter link email 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 Previous Next Most Popular Deals View by: Popularity Popularity Date All deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Audio Desktops Phones & Acc. Storage Laptops Printers Tablets Cameras Monitors Software TelevisionsCategories: All deals facebook twitter link email This Is Your Life Poster for $10 + free shipping As one of its daily deals, That Daily Deal offers a This Is Your Life Poster for $9.99 with free shipping. That's tied with our September mention, $30 under a similar one today, and the lowest total price we've seen. It measures 18" x 24". Deal ends today. Of note, it's available as a 24" x 36" poster for $12.99 or as a 24" x 34.5" canvas for $19.99, each with free shipping. from That Daily Deal / $10 Expires in 14 hours Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Sta-Bil 32-oz. Fuel Stabilizer for $9 + pickup at Walmart Walmart offers the Sta-Bil 32-oz. Fuel Stabilizer for $8.88 with free shipping. ( Amazon charges the same; although it's currently on backorder.) Opt for in-store pickup to avoid the $5.97 shipping charge. That's $12 off list and the lowest price we could find. It keeps fuel fresh for up to 24 hours during storage. from Walmart / $9 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Columbia Men's Klamath Range Half Zip Fleece for $12 + free shipping w/code VISAFRIDAY Today only, Lyons Golf via Rakuten offers the Columbia Men's Klamath Range Half Zip Fleece in 18 colors (Asphalt Grey pictured) for $21.99. Check out via Visa Checkout and apply coupon code "VISAFRIDAY" to cut that to $11.99. With free shipping, that's the lowest total price we could find by $10. It comes in sizes S to XL. from Rakuten / $12 Expires in 14 hours Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Refurb Unlocked Apple iPhone 6 64GB Phone for $275 + free shipping Guarantee Cellular via eBay offers the refurbished Unlocked Apple iPhone 6 64GB No-Contract GSM Smartphone in Silver or Gold for $274.99 with free shipping. That's $124 under our refurb mention from April and the lowest total price we could find. (It's also $225 less than the best price we could find for a new one.) No warranty information is provided. from eBay / $275 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Porter-Cable 20V Max 4-Tool Combo Kit for $132 + free shipping w/code C20SHOPEARLY Ending today, CPO via eBay offers the Porter-Cable 20-volt Max 4-Tool Combo Kit, model no. PCCK616L4, for $164.99. Check out via PayPal and apply coupon code "C20SHOPEARLY" to cut that to $132. With free shipping, that's $28 under our July mention and the lowest total price we could find by $27. It includes a two-speed drill/driver, a 5-1/2" circular saw, a compact reciprocating saw, and two 20-volt batteries. from eBay / $132 Expires in 14 hours Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email New Balance Men's 850 90's Running Shoes for $30 + $1 s&h w/code DOLLARSHIP Joe's New Balance Outlet offers the New Balance Men's 850 90's Running Shoes in Tan for $30. Coupon code "DOLLARSHIP" drops the shipping to $1. That's $3 under yesterday's expired mention and the lowest total price we've seen. (It's a current low in any color by $37.) They're available in sizes 10.5 to 13. from Joe's New Balance Outlet / $30 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email 3-Piece Comforter Sets at Macy's for $18 + free s&h w/beauty item Macy's offers a selection of 3-Piece Comforter Sets (Arrow 3-Piece Comforter Set pictured) for $17.99 each. Pad your order with a beauty item (prices start at $4) to receive free shipping; otherwise, shipping adds $9.95. (You can also spend $25 or more to qualify for free shipping.) That's a savings of $62 for each set, although we saw a similar selection priced at a buck less in September. They're available in twin, full/queen, and king, although not in all size/style combinations. Each set include a comforter and two shams. (Twin sets have just one sham.) Deal ends November 19. from Macy's / $18 Expires in 1 day Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Amcrest 2K UltraHD Dual-Band Pan/Tilt Wifi Security Camera - $99 w/ code w/code H2SWX52C Superior imaging, remote Pan/Tilt, two-way talk, internal antennas, superior night vision and compatibility with both 2.4 and 5-GHz WiFi bands. The new Amcrest 2K is the finest security cam you can buy and it's now at a budget-beating, low price. $99 Expires in 6 weeks Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Tools of the Trade 13-Piece Cookware Set for $30 + free shipping Macy's offers the Tools of the Trade 13-Piece Stainless Steel Cookware Set for $29.99 with free shipping. That's $90 off list and the lowest total price we could find. It includes a 1.5-quart saucepan, 2.5-quart saucepan, 5-quart stockpot, 9.5" sauté pan, 8" fry pan, flower steamer, large spoon, slotted turner, pasta server, and four lids. Deal ends November 19. from Macy's / $30 Expires in 1 day Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email iLife V1 Robotic Vacuum Cleaner for $98 + free shipping Gearbest offers the iLife V1 Robotic Vacuum Cleaner in White for $97.99 with free shipping. (Choose "US-LA" as the warehouse option to see this price.) That's tied with our mention from a week ago, $147 off list, and the lowest total price we could find. It features a schedule function, two side brushes, double HEPA filtration, multiple cleaning modes, smart sensors, and a remote control. from GearBest / $98 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Nike Crewneck Shirts at Dick's Sporting Goods from $8 + free shipping Dick's Sporting Goods takes an extra 50% off select Nike crewneck shirts, as listed below. (Add items to your cart to see this discount.) Plus, all orders receive free shipping. Deal ends November 19. The shirts, with prices after discount: Nike Men's Crewneck T-Shirt for $7.50 ($8 off) Nike Women's Crewneck T-Shirt for $7.50 ($8 off) Nike Men's Crewneck Long Sleeve Shirt for $10 (pictured, $10 off) from Dick's Sporting Goods / $8 Expires in 1 day Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Dick's Sporting Goods Black Friday Now Sale: Up to 65% off + free shipping Dick's Sporting Goods takes up to 65% off a selection of apparel, shoes, accessories, and sports gear as part of its Black Friday Now Sale. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, select items take $10 off for every $50 you spend. (A $30 maximum applies.) Even better, all orders receive free shipping. (Large items carry additional handling charges.) Several exclusions apply. A couple of best bets: Gerry Women's Rena Insulated Jacket for $89.99 $99.99 ($110 off) Top Flite 2016 XL 13-Piece Complete Set for $149.98 (low by $30) from Dick's Sporting Goods / $150 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email GearXS Apple Clearance Event: Up to 81% off + free shipping GearXS takes up to 81% off a selection of Apple laptops, desktops, and accessories, with items starting at $29.99, during its Apple Clearance Event. Plus, all items bag free shipping. from GearXS / Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Clarks at ShoeBuy: Up to 50% off + coupons + free shipping w/code EMLNOVTIERED ShoeBuy takes up to 50% off a selection of Clarks men's and women's shoes. Even better, take an extra $20 off orders of $60 or more, $30 off or $80 or more or $40 off $120 or more via coupon code "EMLNOVTIERED". Alternatively, take an extra 25% off via coupon code "Hellofall16". (Codes don't stack.) Plus, all orders bag free shipping. Deal ends November 19. from ShoeBuy / Expires in 1 day Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Sphero Star Wars BB-8 App Controlled Droid - $129.99 This IS the Droid you're looking for! $130 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email iFi Micro-iCAN Special Edition Headphone Amp - $229.99 The fabulous i-CAN upgraded with higher-quality components, extended bass and greater clarity. This is a serious headphone amp at a limited time, super low price. $230 Expires in 3 days Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email iFi Nano-iDSD PCM/DSD/DXD Battery Powered USB DAC - $144.99 You don't need to spend a lot to get a great, all-format, high-res, battery-powered USB DAC. Now save even more for a limited time only. $145 Expires in 3 days Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email GoPro HERO5 Black 12MP Rear Touchscreen Waterproof Camera - $399.99 Super-compact GoPro is the easiest to use yet. Take stunning 4K video and 12MP photo in Single, Burst, and Time Lapse modes. Plus Voice Control, GPS and more. $400 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email R2-D2 Lunch Kit w/ Lights and Sound - $13.59 Super-cool lunch kit for your young or old Star Wars fan. 100-percent PVC free with Peva lining and high-quality foam insulation to keep the cold, cold and the hot, hot. $14 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Mr. Potato Head Spudtrooper - $11.04.04 Includes 8 character costume pieces and 5 classic Mr. Potato Head accessories. $11 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Millennium Falcon 7-Color Table and Desk Lamp - $39.95 7 different color modes show off your Millennium Falcon to best advantage. Power by USB or wall outlet. $40 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Star Wars Classic 50-inch x 60-inch Soft n' Cozy Throw - $10.59 Super-soft, super-plush and super-cozy throw with classic images for fans $11 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Star Wars Classic Peel And Stick Wall Decals - $8.80 Pack of 31, Made In the USA, Star Wars classic decals are easy to apply, removable and repositionable and leave no sticky residue $9 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email NFL Shop Outlet: Up to 70% off + free shipping w/code NFLSHIP NFL Shop takes up to 70% off outlet items. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, coupon code "NFLSHIP" bags free shipping sitewide. (Shipping usually adds a flat $5.99.) Some exclusions may apply. A couple of best bets: Forever Collectibles Women's New York Giants Gloves & Scarf Set for $19.99 ($16 off) Pro Line Men's Green Bay Packers Green Square Up Long Sleeve T-Shirt for $19.99 (pictured, $16 off) from NFL Shop / $20 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Portal: 'Congestion-Buster' AC2400 WiFi Router - $169.99 Get unprecedented speed, reliability and coverage with the first and only router specifically engineered to cut through network congestion. $170 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Samsung UN60JS7000 60-Inch 4K TV - $1199.99 The Samsung UN60JS7000 features cutting edge technology for an incredible entertainment experience at an affordable price. $1200 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 Most Popular Deals categories All Non-Tech Audio Desktops Phones & Acc. Storage Laptops Printers Tablets Cameras Monitors Software Televisions IDrive: Military-Encrypted Online Backup - 1TB / 1-Year $6 Don't let your data, documents and precious moments become just a memory! Shop Now Deal ends Feb 28, 2017 1 of 1691 NEXT / PREV Web Hosting & Services Solutions Your destination for all things hosting and more! Find the best providers, plans and deals, learn what you need to know to build your web presence and optimize your site. Use our comparison tools and speed test, get support in our forums and much more. Learn more! APPLE NEWS For Apple's iPhone SE, new iPad Pro, small is the new big A more petite iPhone and a new 9.7-inch iPad Pro stretch out Apple's family of products. The goal: to convince you it's time to trade up. SEE ALL THE NEWS © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement cnet Reviews All Reviews Audio Cameras Laptops Phones Roadshow Smart Home Tablets TVs News All News Apple Crave Internet Microsoft Mobile Sci-Tech Security Tech Industry Video All Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Next Big Thing On Cars Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts More About CBS Interactive About CNET CNET 100 CNET Deals CNET Forums CNET Magazine CNET Mobile Help Center Permissions Follow CNET via... Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Newsletters RSS
Home Watch Live Video Headlines What’s on NBC Hollywood Today Live News Western Mass. I-Team Crime Massachusetts Boston Statehouse Decision 2016 I-91 Reconstruction inFocus Sex Offenders World News Entertainment Hollywood Today Sports News Health News Weather Today’s Forecast 7 Day Forecast Closings & Delays Flight Tracker Interactive Radar Jr Weather Academy Satellite Sat Rad Severe Weather Snowfall Forecast Temperatures Weather Alerts Weather App Weather News Weather Photos Webcams The CW Shows Videos Text Alerts CW Photo Galleries Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Shows on Social Media Report It Photo Galleries Report It! Community Stop the Swerve Working for a Better Tomorrow A Look at the Movies Live Traffic Map Pump Prices Lottery Obituaries Mass Appeal Watch Live Contact Us Taste Appeal Family Appeal Relationship Appeal Community Appeal Gardening Appeal Leisure Appeal Personal Appeal Parent Appeal DIY Appeal Home Appeal Pet Appeal Fashion Appeal Fitness Appeal Health Appeal More About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Jobs at WWLP Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Alerts WWLP-22News Team News in Review TV Schedule 46° F Clear Hi: 62° F Lo: 30° F Today’s Forecast Radar/Satellite 22News Apps Menu Skip to content   Home Watch Live Video Headlines What’s on NBC Hollywood Today Live News News Western Mass. I-Team Crime Massachusetts Boston Statehouse Decision 2016 I-91 Reconstruction inFocus Sex Offenders World News Entertainment Hollywood Today Sports News Health News Featured: Casino News Marijuana News Mass Pike Tolls Springfield off-duty police beating Syrian Refugees Toys for Tots at 22News Latest Headlines Train derails in Netherlands, causing injuries but no deaths Updated: 3 mins ago THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP) — A train derailed Friday in the northern Netherlands after colliding with a milk truck, injuring several passen… Dad of rescued family won’t take ‘church rig’ next time Updated: 3 mins ago SEATTLE (AP) — Next time Jason McAlister takes his wife and kids for a drive in the rugged country at the base of Washington’s Olympic Penin… Police respond to ’emergency situation’ at Boston University Updated: 3 mins ago Poland’s former president to be reburied following autopsy Updated: 23 mins ago Putin says Russia works to develop new weapons Updated: 23 mins ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7 Day Forecast Closings & Delays Flight Tracker Interactive Radar Jr Weather Academy Satellite Sat Rad Severe Weather Snowfall Forecast Temperatures Weather Alerts Weather App Weather News Weather Photos Webcams Current Conditions 46° F Clear Feels Like: 42° F Wind: N 8 Humidity: 68% Dewpoint: 36° F Sunrise: 6:45 AM Sunset: 4:26 PM 7 Day Forecast Live Radar     Video Webcast Almanac Sponsored by: The CW The CW Shows Videos Text Alerts CW Photo Galleries Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Shows on Social Media Featured: Season Finale Season Premiere Series Premiere Latest Headlines Healey angry over Baker’s response to Bannon appointment November 17, 2016 Governor Baker says there is “too much prejudging going on here.” Preview Arrow: Vigilante November 16, 2016 Dolph Lundgren guest stars in a new episode of Arrow, Wednesday at 8PM. The Flash – Killer Frost Trailer November 16, 2016 Premiere and finale dates announce for CW shows in 2017 November 16, 2016 Arrow – Vigilante Scene November 16, 2016 Report It Photo Galleries Report It! Community Stop the Swerve Working for a Better Tomorrow A Look at the Movies Live Traffic Map Pump Prices Lottery Obituaries Mass Appeal Mass Appeal Watch Live Contact Us Taste Appeal Family Appeal Relationship Appeal Community Appeal Gardening Appeal Leisure Appeal Personal Appeal Parent Appeal DIY Appeal Home Appeal Pet Appeal Fashion Appeal Fitness Appeal Health Appeal Featured: Caregiver Series Herbs A-Z NBC Shows Pet of the Week Latest Headlines 3 Middle School Parenting Tips November 17, 2016 Middle school years are a difficult time for both child and parent. Holidays for the hearing impaired November 17, 2016 The holidays can be a tough time for many, especially for the hearing impaired, who have to struggle to make the most of family time. Help out the Zoo in Forest Park November 17, 2016 DIY Thanksgiving dog treats! November 17, 2016 Achieve your dream bathroom with H&R Homes November 17, 2016 More About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Jobs at WWLP Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Alerts WWLP-22News Team News in Review TV Schedule Search for: Search the site 46° F Clear Hi: 62° F Lo: 30° F Motorcycle rider taken to hospital after crash in Westfield The rider was thrown from the motorcycle By Barry Kriger and Mike Masciadrelli Published: September 5, 2016, 6:10 pm Updated: September 5, 2016, 6:59 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) WESTFIELD, Mass. (WWLP) – A crash between a motorcycle and a small SUV caused traffic issues on Route 20 in Westfield, late Monday morning. Westfield Police Lt. Jay Pitoniak told 22News that around 10:00 a.m., the SUV’s driver apparently didn’t see the motorcycle as he pulled out from Expert Fitness on Springfield Road. He said the rider was thrown from the bike after colliding with the SUV. Lt. Pitoniak said the motorcycle rider was taken to Baystate Medical Center, and is expected to survive. Police issued a citation to the SUV driver. Their identities have not been released at this time. The roadway was temporarily shut down as the vehicles were cleared away; police were directing traffic through the area of the crash. Share this: Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Westfield man killed in 2-car crash on Route 20; driver arrested Drunk biker kills teen Nothing found after bomb threat reported at Westfied-Barnes Regional Airport Car sheared utility pole speeding away from Westfield Police on Rt. 20 Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on WWLP.com Current Conditions change location Chicopee n/a F n/a Wind n/a Dewpoint n/a Humidity 0.00" Barometer 6:46 am Sunrise 4:25 pm Sunset change location Greenfield 44° F 10 N Wind 38° Dewpoint 79% Humidity 30.12" Barometer 6:45 am Sunrise 4:23 pm Sunset change location Holyoke 46° F 8 N Wind 36° Dewpoint 68% Humidity 30.10" Barometer 6:45 am Sunrise 4:25 pm Sunset change location MGM Springfield Casino 46° F 8 N Wind 36° Dewpoint 68% Humidity 30.10" Barometer 6:45 am Sunrise 4:25 pm Sunset change location Northampton 45° F 3 N Wind 39° Dewpoint 81% Humidity 30.11" Barometer 6:46 am Sunrise 4:25 pm Sunset change location Pittsfield 39° F 4 E Wind 35° Dewpoint 86% Humidity 30.12" Barometer 6:49 am Sunrise 4:27 pm Sunset change location Springfield 46° F 8 N Wind 36° Dewpoint 68% Humidity 30.10" Barometer 6:45 am Sunrise 4:25 pm Sunset change location Westfield 43° F 0 N Wind 37° Dewpoint 80% Humidity 30.12" Barometer 6:46 am Sunrise 4:26 pm Sunset change location Westover AFB 46° F 8 N Wind 36° Dewpoint 68% Humidity 30.10" Barometer 6:45 am Sunrise 4:25 pm Sunset Chicopee n/a Greenfield 44° Holyoke 46° MGM Springfield Casino 46° Northampton 45° Pittsfield 39° Springfield 46° Westfield 43° Westover AFB 46° Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WWLP-22News © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather I-Team Crime inFocus Mass Appeal Watch 22News Station About Us Contact Us News Team Job at WWLP Advertise with us Regional News Hampden Hampshire Franklin Berkshire Boston Statehouse Massachusetts Connecticut Business Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Report Platforms Text Alerts Email Alerts Report It Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Our Partners Media General NBC CNN The Westfield News Hampshire Gazette Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram NEWS ARCHIVE: View Stories by Date September 2016 M T W T F S S « Aug   Oct »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   News Archive: Select Month News Archive: Select Month Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 May 2013 May 2012 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries e-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive LovinGrace ministry helps young Carthage women Monday Sep 5, 2016 at 8:43 AM Women from Carthage have been among the 47 of those 18 to 24 years old receiving help from a Joplin ministry over the last two years. By Rich Brown Women from Carthage have been among the 47 of those 18 to 24 years old receiving help from a Joplin ministry over the last two years. The non-denominational ministry, LovinGrace, has reached out to young homeless women or those in transition with, as the name implies, lots of love and grace. The building where the women are housed until they are able to independently care for themselves is located at 1414 Euclid Ave. in Joplin with no fees charged. However, the women are responsible for their own food except for a free supper served each day Sunday through Thursday, thanks to a grant from the Walmart Foundation.. As many as eight women can be housed at one time with most of the residents staying  eight to 10 months before being able to go out on their own, according to Stephanie Meek, executive director. After opening its doors in February of 2014, LovinGrace provided a temporary home for nine women the first year, 23 last year and 15 so far this year. A group of people with Royal Heights United Methodist Church in Joplin are responsible for having a vision for the ministry. Their hearts were particularly set on doing something for young women who were aging out of foster care with no support system to sustain them. That vision has since expanded into helping all young woman with no support system, such as those who are homeless, as well as with no family support. “Many of the women are looking forward in their lives without a safe place to be or a group of people who are supporting them in whatever their dreams may be,” said Meek, a former counselor at Joplin and Neosho high schools, as well as a former on-call crisis counselor at Ozark Center in Joplin. LovinGrace emphasizes education and employment and in so doing helps residents further their education and find jobs. “Every woman who comes here has a different story and some are not ready for our program,” Meek said. “Some who have just been released from alcohol and drug treatment programs are often not really ready for our program because they are still struggling with some of their addiction issues and still in treatment.” When coming to LovinGrace, the women are asked what their career goals are and what it is that they want to go forward with in their lives. “They come to us with a great many needs, such as food, shelter and clothing, and we gradually fill those needs and get them on their feet,” Meek said. “Then they can start thinking about the quality of life, such as education, employment and spirituality. We try to give them the opportunity to experience those quality-of-life things.” Since the women are admitted to LovinGrace knowing that it is faith-based, it is no surprise that they are asked to attend the church of their choice once a week. “We do have young ladies who are resistant to church because of the experiences they may have had, so we just try to show them by living our spirituality and letting them see that it is not all that bad,” Meek said. “What we ask in lieu of church attendance is that they donate their time in service organizations.” Churches also connect with LovinGrace by sending members to lead the women in devotions. A resident assistant lives at the facility, where tours may be arranged by contacting Meek. More information may be obtained by writing LovinGrace, 1414 Euclid Ave. or P.O. Box 576, Joplin 64802. You may also call the ministry at (417) 540-8640 or send email to director@lovin-grace.org. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us e-Edition Place an Ad Submit Your News Calendar Market Place Cars Classifieds RadarFrog Featured Ads Boats Magazine Community Info The City of Carthage Chamber of Commerce R-9 School District Carthage CVB Missouri Government Carthage Demographics Church Directory Sports MSSU Pitt State MO Sports KC Royals KC Chiefs MU Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Carthage Press ~ 800 W. Central (P.O. Box 678), Carthage, MO 64836 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Police & Fire State News Nation & World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports High School Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Boomers Faith Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Travel Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Calendar Games Contests Branded Content Submit your news Subscriber e-Edition Subscribe Market Place Find-N-Save Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Shoppers boosted by latest supermarket price war By Press Association Published: 09:22 EST, 5 September 2016 | Updated: 09:22 EST, 5 September 2016 e-mail British grocery shoppers could soon be getting more for their money as supermarkets gear up for the latest instalment of a raging price war in the sector. Analysts expect Asda to be the next major player to pull the trigger following Morrisons' announcement of its latest round of cost cuts on Sunday, with selected meat and poultry prices slashed by 12%. The move marks Morrisons' second post-Brexit price reduction after cutting prices on more than 1,000 products by an average of 18% at the start of August. Morrisons has announced price cuts on meat and poultry It has prompted speculation over a fresh price war between major supermarkets Morrisons, Tesco, Asda, Sainsbury's and discount grocers Lidl and Aldi. "The next in line to cut prices significantly will be Asda," Nicla Di Palma, an equity analyst at wealth manager Brewin Dolphin, said. "They have been a big market share loser in the past 18 months and Walmart, the parent company, have deep pockets and will want to invest in prices," Ms Di Palma added. Asda's market share was last calculated at around 15.5%, compared to Morrisons at 10.5%, Sainsbury at 16% and Tesco around 28%, according to Kantar Worldpanel. The discount grocer's new CEO, Sean Clarke, may embark on a "sophisticated strategy" involving a "big refresh" of existing stores and products - but cost cuts will be a faster-acting cure, Ms Di Palma said. Asda last month reported its worst quarterly performance on record, posing a 7.5% fall in like-for-like sales in the second quarter. Clive Black, retail analyst at Shore Capital, agreed that Asda and Tesco are likely next to drop prices. However, he stressed that cuts alone w ill not win over British shoppers. He noted that Morrisons boss David Potts has "delivered a revolution" over the past year, in part by focusing on a package of improvements beyond price tags. "If Morrisons' strategy was just about price, it wouldn't have made the progress it has over the last 12 months," Mr Black said, pointing to the company's focus on merchandise, advertising, marketing and the overall shopping experience. However, a weaker pound could ultimately push up costs in the months ahead. Sterling has fallen about 11% against the US dollar since the EU referendum, and more than 9% against the euro. The weaker pound will raise the cost of food imports, which will hurt the already-low profit margins of the UK's major grocers. "It would be natural to expect the supermarkets to try to pass on those to consumers as the operating margins are already thin and the supermarkets can't really afford to make even less money, or even lose money," Ms Di Palma said. "It is worth noting that Morrison's 'Price Crunch' is for a minimum of three months', according to Morrison's release. Hence, Morrisons has some leeway to increase prices if input costs rise," she said. Morrisons is set to report second quarter earnings on September 19. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'My marriage is over!' Katie Price 'reveals she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler during boozy night out'  Made shocking admission this week Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle 'We're very much in love!' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson FINALLY breaks her silence on Jake Roche split reports as she discusses her dream wedding Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her bump as she and Marvin step out for the first time since announcing they are expecting a second child 'It's not about age': Joel Dommett's racy ex Natalia Noir gives his I'm A Celeb 'romance' with Carol Vorderman her approval... despite their 25-year age gap Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE gossip behind M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED A bit of all-white! Millie Mackintosh gets her groove on in a sexy swimsuit before packing on the PDA with beau Hugo Taylor on holiday in Mauritius 'I have a lot of sex!': Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' 'I can't wait until the baby arrives!': Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her bump in a scarlet blouse as she shares her joy about becoming a mother Gemma Atkinson shows off her perky posterior and toned physique in a plunging floral swimsuit as she hits the beach in Cape Verde 'I literally could cry': Fans go wild as Great British Bake Off hunk Selasi returns to TV to whip up a boozy rum cake on This Morning  Tasty treat Sophie Kasaei flashes her cleavage in racy top on night out with Marnie Simpson and Chloe Ferry amid rumours she's been axed from Geordie Shore AGAIN  'You can't do the self pity party': Tulisa wraps up as she heads to Radio One to discuss her fresh start after putting legal woes behind her Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Back to her best Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  Well, it is Sin City... 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' 'I don't feel sorry for myself':  Scarlett Moffatt reveals she suffers from facial paralysis... as she is ruled out of daredevil Bushtucker Trial on I'm A Celebrity...  TOWIE's Lydia Bright flaunts her killer curves and taut abs in skimpy brown bikini in saucy Instagram snap as she lands Down Under Feeling the heat Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the bitter BBC! 'Crybaby' corporation is mocked over pompous review dismissing Clarkson's £160m new show Jeremy's revenge: Clarkson, Hammond, and May show the BBC how it's done... The Grand Tour was more like Top Gear Max, by Jim Shelley  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth 'We're practising!' James Jordan reveals wife Ola's desire to have a baby as he discusses their steamy sex life... after her emotional chat with Lisa Snowdon 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues That's amore! Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Simply chic Trying to fight your age, Carol? Take it from me - it's a jungle out there! The waspish advice of an I'm A Celebrity survivor on freezing your face Pixie Lott flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she shows off her dazzling diamond ring at engagement party with new fiancé Oliver Cheshire Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Jenny in the frocks Sheena's back in the big time: Singer beams for photographers in high heels and a figure-hugging frock at launch of her new musical  Looks back to her best 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel on TV... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy That's one way to unwind 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco, 30, on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Big Bang Theory star in candid mood 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife Over again Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates... after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn' Fiery redheads! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense exchange with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Heated discussion Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on US TV with husband hubby Keith Urban Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Some serious PDA Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Tickled pink Isla Fisher reveals she fooled friends and family by putting doppelganger Amy Adams on her family Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore flashes her stomach as she happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Frolicked in the surf Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker A true work of art: Amy Willerton flaunts her lithe legs in plunging black minidress as she attends exhibition Looked uber-glamorous at event Age-defying supermodel Twiggy, 67, shares the beauty look that will never date (and EVERY woman should take note) Shared her secrets 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style 'I left it kind of late to have children': Lisa Snowdon, 44, tells Ola Jordan she 'didn't find anybody' in time to start a family in I'm A Celeb heart to heart Lord Sugar shocks The Apprentice candidates with on the spot firing of Karthik Nagesan... before sacking Samuel Boateng for crushing loss in boat show task  Is The Apprentice fixed? Social media explodes with theories after fans spot a 'weird' continuity error - contestants wearing scarves in the SUMMER Handsome Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Leggy Sofia Richie shows off her slim pins in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA Turned her sidewalk into a catwalk 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Following ex-wife's recent breakdown Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala Always a golden girl I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet What a body Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK Hands on training 'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image 'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and her rapper beau Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday She's part of the family  'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with her backup dancer revealed in sneak peek of her show... and their chemistry is intense  'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Bonding time Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off X Factor to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with partner Lauren Silverman and son Eric A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Not your usual first car Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Blossoming relationship  'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  No bum deal 'That's about to happen': Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster which delayed start of her Australian tour Busty Jemma Lucy leaves almost nothing to the imagination in eye-popping plunge dress as she parties with Charlotte Dawson at Dating Awards Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  Different style Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London Red-dy to hit the town Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Untitled Lizzie Borden biopic Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles Thrown out Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA Always looks sophisticated  Scarlett Moffatt admits she has 'no confidence'... and that she even questioned why boyfriend Luke Crodden wanted to be with her 'It's a part of life I've missed out on': Larry Lamb talks of secret daughter he fathered at 21 on I'm A Celebrity... and admits he has 'no idea where she is' 'Best Christmas pressie ever!': Rochelle Humes posts baby scan snap just hours after announcing she and husband Marvin are expecting second child Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in  Hyde Park Blooming lovely! Geri Horner showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys casual day out with husband Christian Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split A sparkling occasion! Holly Willoughby twinkles in a glittering black coat as she helps switch on Regent Street festive lights 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram 'Lovely to see these!' Robbie Williams shows he hasn't lost his cheeky side as he sticks his head in presenter's cleavage at Bambi awards A Klass of her own! Myleene takes the plunge in a low-cut jumpsuit as she poses with a hunky shirtless male model in new fashion campaign  Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu Highlighted trim figure  Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers New sci-fi film Have yourself a Kerry Christmas! Ms Katona rocks a retro quiff as she switches on festive lights in Lincoln with her panto co-stars A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland Little bundle of joy  Caroline Flack opts for comfort over couture... but ensures her make-up is flawless as she makes an appearance at Winter Wonderland launch night Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged Ca-nine out of ten! Pascal Craymer flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather dress as she helps dog charity celebrate its fifth birthday Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' as she reveals struggle with mental illness 'It wouldn't have lasted': Lady C reveals she broke up with Larry Lamb after he wanted to MARRY her as she divulges on their six-month romance 'The show is about to start!' I'm A Celebrity set for shake-up as Danny Baker and Martin Roberts arrive... after camp enjoy winning streak in trials Laura Whitmore beams as she attends VIP Winter Wonderland launch... amid claims of bitter feud with former Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Petra Nemcova looks sensational as she showcases her endless limbs in a plunging blue gown on the red carpet at the Bambi Awards in Berlin If anyone can, Ferne McCann! Former TOWIE star catches the eye as she steps out in garish pink pyjamas... after reflecting on her recent nose job 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau BBC radio DJ Mark Goodier, 55, suffers a stroke - meaning he won't voice new Now That's What I Call Music advert for the first time in 25 YEARS  Coronation Street leaves soap fans howling after character Anna Windass causes MAJOR prop blunder Cru-tch of the matter Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in chic head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London 'Blood was coming out of everything: Pregnant Stephanie Davis breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she details her terrifying hospital dash  A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Trio of beauties  Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer Bryan Tanaka was there  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs Putting on The Ritz! Jenna Coleman and Laura Carmichael add a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as they attend exclusive fashion launch Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos BAZ BAMIGBOYE - Rosamund and the story showing love can conquer racism: Actress reveals how photo convinced her to star in new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE- King Glenda in talks to reign over Broadway: Actress could be set to move her role as Lear to New York after a series of rave reviews Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes her rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Very Blue Peter! Former presenter Janet Ellis on the shortlist for annual worst sex scene in fiction In her first novel The Butcher's Hook Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears sizzling swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot She knows how to make a splash Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing a snapshot of her baby boy Theodore dressed as a teddy bear Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Will Downton Abbey fans recognise Michelle Dockery in her raunchy new series? They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Pregnant Billie Faiers shows off her cleavage in tiny bikini as she cosies up to fiancé Greg Shepherd and daughter Nelly during Maldives getaway  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her envy-inducing abs in a striped bikini before cosying up to Hugo Taylor on romantic holiday in Mauritius It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave a statement  So THAT'S how you say it! Discovery of a 60s television show hosted by Roald Dahl shows fans have been saying his name wrong for decades  'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals she wishes she could give birth again as it was the 'greatest' experience of her life Happy memories Pregnant Teresa Palmer shares intimate photos and account of giving birth to son Bodhi, revealing waters broke while having 'special time' with husband Ooh la la! Newly-engaged Pixie Lott channels Parisian chic with beret, military-style coat and leather trousers as she returns to UK after French trip Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his new movie Sully 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks tells star-studded museum audience 'America has been in worse places than we are at right now'  'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on Australian TV I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center High spirits  Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumours  'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  New video  Abbey Clancy cuts a stylish figure in teetering heels and black flares as she attends fashion event in London Jessica Chastain delivers impressive performance in sneak preview for World War II drama The Zookeeper's Wife New preview  Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2million... nearly 50 PERCENT off original asking price 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... amid split rumours Still going strong Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls Royce Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Life imitating art! Ruby Rose enjoys VERY steamy smooch with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as they show off rebooted romance in Veronicas video Shore about him? Geordie star Chantelle Connelly's mystery man revealed as MMA Boxer Kane Mousah... who spent four years in prison for gun charges 'I detoxed to firm up the wobbly bits': I'm A Celeb's Carol Vorderman, 55, on her post menopausal body, fun in her fifties and finding love in the jungle What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Not such the shy English guy now... Oliver Chris is Prince William's double as he dons his Irish Guards military regalia for King Charles III shoot Green Wing star was Wills' doppelganger Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael join mourners at a memorial service for Prince Charles's rich pal Mark Vestey Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  Seasonal spending  Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in television adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' . Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits All eyes on her EXCLUSIVE: Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey gave away all his personal prison property before learning his release has been blocked by judges  'Australia's No. 1 party boy would like to meet her': Playboy cricketer Shane Warne plans to meet up with Paris Hilton during her visit to Melbourne 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary A big sweetheart PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Kerry Katona flashes surgical tape on newly-taut stomach... after revealing she has undergone 'a s**t load of liposuction' Make-up free Danielle Lloyd flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting leggings as she steps out in Birmingham Casually clad for the outing Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Shameless star Jody Latham is cleared of 'harassing' a former contestant on The Apprentice in a feud over the actor's ex-fiancée Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Putting on a brace face  Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  She showed off her taut tum and slender physique Jungle Joel makes a terrified Tarzan in the tree tops as he's forced to climb 100ft above ground to reach stars in Great Ascent Bushtucker Trial Remember my name! Daisy Lowe rocks a personalised bomber jacket as she steps out on a dog walk after Strictly axe No way of forgetting Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Certainly turned heads on arrival  'Ten tiny fingers, ten tiny toes': Rochelle Humes announces she is expecting second child with Marvin... after revealing pressure from daughter for sibling  Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits son Silas 'Mum, put your t**s away!': Katie Price admits her children hate seeing her racy shoots as she reveals daughter Princess, nine, has no interest in modelling Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
View dentonrc.com's mobile site dentonrc.com Web Search Member Submitted Weather Contests Contact Us Calendar Headlines Legal Notices News State National/World Education Blotter/Crime Politics Special Projects Let Us Know Blogs Advertorial Insight Denton Obits Sports Colleges High Schools Golf Other Sports Mean Green Scores/Schedules Sports AP Headlines Business Business Chronicle Denton Business Gas Prices Entertainment Denton Time Movies Calendar TV Listings Comics & Games Dining Life Couples Food/Recipes Home/Garden Health Religion Let Us Know Photos Faces and Places Opinion Editorials Columns Letters Submit a Letter Classifieds Calendar Jobs Real Estate Shopping Find & Save DealFinder Classifieds ePaper NIE Home > News > State News September 05, 2016 06:46 AM CDT September 05, 2016 06:48 AM CDT Few police shootings lead to discipline Few police shootings lead to discipline Comments () A Text Size By Alexa Ura and Jolie McCullough Alexa Ura and Jolie McCullough Denton Record-Chronicle The Texas Tribune Published: 05 September 2016 06:46 AM WYLIE — Eight-year-old Natalee Allen sometimes leaves handwritten notes for her father. A recent one — scribbled in the messy handwriting of a small child — reads, “I love you so much.” It’s attached to a silver frame displaying a grainy picture of Michael Vincent Allen that sits on an end table in the home of Natalee’s grandparents. Randy and Stephanie Allen are raising their granddaughter now, determined to teach her that police officers aren’t bad, even though one of them awaits trial for killing her father. In August 2012, Michael Vincent Allen, suspected of fleeing earlier from another officer, led police on a high-speed chase through the eastern Dallas suburbs. He was unarmed, his white GMC pickup struck by a police car, when Garland police Officer Patrick Tuter finished firing 41 shots at Allen. Allen, 25, died at the scene. An internal Garland police department review found that Tuter, a seven-year police veteran, violated the department’s use-of-force and pursuit policies. In 2013, he was indicted by a Dallas County grand jury on a manslaughter charge. His lawyer has previously said the officer believed Allen had a gun. “I know there’s good police in there,” said Randy Allen. “I know we couldn’t make it without police, but it’s just a few of them everywhere that makes it seem so bad.” At least 881 officers were involved in police shootings in Texas’ largest cities between 2010 and 2015, according to data compiled by The Texas Tribune. Tuter is one of seven to face criminal charges for pulling the trigger in that period. None have been convicted, so far. The use of lethal force by police remains under intense scrutiny nationwide. Fatal police shootings in places like Missouri, Minnesota and Baton Rouge have led to protests and calls for increased police accountability. Officers became targets of gunmen in Dallas and Baton Rouge. Amid the heightened scrutiny, the Texas numbers underscore how rare it is for police to face criminal prosecution. In the vast majority of cases, investigators and grand juries determine that officers were justified in using their weapons. By law, police officers aren’t supposed to shoot unless they believe their lives or the lives of others are in immediate danger, and that judgment is the filter through which all shootings are investigated. It takes overwhelming evidence for fellow officers, prosecutors or jurors to decide to challenge an officer’s decision, even in controversial incidents where circumstances or evidence raise substantive concerns that shootings were unjustified or constituted excessive use of force. “Cops are expected to go out and deal with the things that go on in the world that most of us would just assume don’t happen, don’t exist,” said Kevin Lawrence, executive director of the Texas Municipal Police Association. “Especially if we’re talking about a situation that’s going on at 2 or 3 o’clock in the morning where the [expletive] has already hit the fan, there may not be any good solutions for those officers. There may not be any good options. There’s only the least bad option.” Of the 881 officers involved in cases examined by the Tribune, at least 10 were fired for their actions during a shooting and 14 were suspended. Another was given a written reprimand. Additional incidents where officers faced no discipline or criminal charges have been controversial, and criminal justice experts say the numbers illustrate how extreme the circumstances must be for an officer to be charged or indicted. “Either it won’t reach a grand jury, a grand jury will decide not to press charges ... or in the rare instances that it goes to trial, more than likely they’re found innocent or not guilty,” said Scott Bowman, an associate criminal justice professor at Texas State University. “It has to be particularly egregious [for an officer] to be found guilty.” The most recent police shooting-related conviction officials could recall in the 36 cities the Tribune examined was in 2005, when Houston police officer Arthur Carbonneau was found guilty of criminally negligent homicide for the death of a 14-year-old special education student. Carbonneau was sentenced to 60 days in jail and five years’ probation for the 2003 shooting of Eli Escobar II, who was being held down by another officer when he was shot. Carbonneau had been dispatched to investigate an assault at an apartment complex, according to news reports. Escobar was unarmed and not involved. Carbonneau chalked up the incident to an accident, saying his gun went off accidentally when Escobar bumped his hand during a struggle. More recently, an officer with the Conroe Police Department, which is not included in the Tribune’s analysis, was convicted of manslaughter in 2014. Sgt. Jason Blackwelder, who was off duty, killed Russell Rios, an unarmed 19-year-old community college student, by shooting him in the back of the head as he fled a Wal-Mart where he was suspected of shoplifting. Seven criminal cases It takes a rare confluence of circumstances for a police officer to face criminal charges over a shooting. Among the seven cases found by the Tribune, two shootings were fatal, and most involved an unarmed individual: 1Video footage appeared to be key in the case of Dallas police Officer Cardan Spencer, who was indicted and fired over a nonfatal 2013 shooting. Spencer and his partner were dispatched to the home of Bobby Bennett’s mother, who called for help with her mentally ill son. The officers pulled up to a cul-de-sac and advanced toward Bennett, who stood up from the rolling computer chair he was sitting in on the street. In a matter of seconds, he was falling to his knees after Spencer shot at him four times, hitting him once. At first, Bennett was charged with aggravated assault of a public servant. Police said Spencer pulled the trigger after Bennett approached the officers with a knife in an “aggressive manner.” But the charges were dropped within days after a neighbor’s video surveillance showed Bennett standing still with his arms — and the knife — at his sides. Spencer was fired 10 days after the shooting. He was indicted six months later. Since then, the city and Bennett reached a $1.6 million settlement in a civil suit. After several delays, Spencer’s trial was recently set for Dec. 12. His lawyer declined to comment on the details of the case. 2Circumstances seemed to play a bigger role in the indictment of Austin police Detective Charles Kleinert, who was charged with manslaughter for shooting and killing Larry Jackson Jr. in 2013. Kleinert was investigating a bank robbery when he confronted Jackson, who was not involved in the robbery, after learning that Jackson allegedly used a fake name at the bank earlier in the day. Jackson fled after a few minutes of questioning. Commandeering the vehicle of a woman driving nearby, Kleinert pursued him and drew his weapon when he caught up to Jackson underneath a bridge. The two men struggled, and Kleinert said he accidentally fired while trying to punch Jackson, fatally shooting the unarmed man in the back of the neck. Jackson’s family contends he was on his hands and knees when he was shot. In charging Kleinert, a Travis County grand jury concluded that the detective behaved “recklessly.” The manslaughter charge against the Austin detective was eventually dismissed by a federal judge after his legal team argued Kleinert was entitled to immunity because he was a member of an FBI task force. Jackson’s family received a $1.25 million settlement from the city. Kleinert’s attorneys did not respond to a request for comment on the case. 3Responding to a 911 call about a man with a knife in 2015, Fort Worth police Officer Courtney Johnson shot Craigory Adams in the arm. Adams dropped to one knee after being ordered to drop his “knife,” which turned out to be a barbecue fork. That’s when Johnson’s gun went off. Johnson’s lawyer has said it was an unintentional discharge. A Tarrant County grand jury in March indicted Johnson on a charge of aggravated assault by a public servant. Johnson’s next court date is set for Tuesday for a status conference. 4In 2010, El Paso Officer Jorge Gonzalez shot at Andres Cortez after Cortez rear-ended the off-duty officer’s vehicle. Gonzalez said Cortez hit his girlfriend, a fellow officer, while fleeing. Cortez had said he was trying to get his car out of moving traffic when Gonzalez’s wife began beating on the car. Police said Cortez put his car in reverse, backed up and then put the car in driving gear with Gonzalez’s girlfriend in his path. That’s when Gonzalez shot. The officer was cleared of wrongdoing by the police department but was indicted on one count of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and one count of aggravated assault causing serious bodily injury. He continued to work for the department after his indictment until he was fired in 2014 in an unrelated case for rule violations, according to Jim Darnell, Gonzalez’s attorney. His lawyer said he acted in self-defense and in defense of his girlfriend during the 2010 shooting. Gonzalez’s gunshot paralyzed Cortez from the neck down. He died more than five years later. Gonzalez has yet to stand trial. His case has been delayed several times; it was recently reset for January. 5Responding to a carjacking call in late 2013, Dallas police Officer Amy Wilburn followed a maroon car speeding through the outskirts of the city into a small condominium complex. When the driver bailed out, she rushed toward the car, which was still in motion. She pulled her gun and fired at 19-year-old Kelvion Walker, who was in the passenger seat. Her attorney has said Wilburn demanded to see Walker’s hands, and feared he was reaching for a gun when he did not comply. Walker was unarmed and said he had his hands up. Walker said he wasn’t involved in the carjacking, and was hospitalized and underwent surgery after the shooting, according to news reports. Wilburn was indicted on an aggravated assault charge in 2014 — the first indictment of a police officer in Dallas since the early 1970s. Wilburn was terminated for violating departmental policy three weeks after the shooting, before she was indicted. Wilburn’s trial is scheduled for January. Her lawyer declined to comment on the details of the case. 6After a four-day trial, a Harris County jury last year found former Pasadena Officer Michael Martin not guilty in the 2011 shooting of an unarmed 20-year-old man, according to news reports. Martin, who was fired for his actions during the shooting, was facing a maximum of one year in jail for the class A misdemeanor of “official oppression.” Prosecutors had used two police dash cams and surveillance footage from a convenience store that showed Martin pulling Victor Hernandez over in a parking lot. Martin had said he couldn’t see Hernandez’s left arm and claimed he shot him in the face after thinking he was reaching for a weapon. Prosecutors insisted the video footage showed that Hernandez’s left arm was on the door with his hand on his face — at odds with Martin’s accounts. Martin’s attorney told the Tribune he argued at trial that the video showed Martin shooting in reaction to “apparent danger.” A jury concluded there wasn’t enough evidence to convict. Hernandez took his grievances to federal court in a civil lawsuit filed in 2013. The lawsuit was dismissed in 2014. 7While on patrol in August 2012, Garland police Officer Patrick Tuter recognized Michael Vincent Allen’s truck as the same vehicle that recently fled from another officer. The car chase that ensued turned deadly when it reached a cul-de-sac in Mesquite where Tuter shot at Allen 41 times, stopping twice to reload and striking him three times. The Garland Police Department first reported that Allen’s truck had collided with a Garland police car and that’s when Tuter shot, fearing for the safety of the officers. In a statement released 10 days later, the department said “further investigation” revealed that Allen had not rammed into Tuter’s squad car; Tuter had actually struck Allen’s truck. Tuter was terminated by Garland six months later and indicted more than a year later, accused of “recklessly” causing Allen’s death. His trial was recently rescheduled for Dec. 12. Tuter’s lawyer declined to comment on the case for this story. The trials for Spencer, Wilburn and Tuter were delayed several times — partly due to a change in leadership at the Dallas County District Attorney’s office after the 2014 elections. Susan Hawk recused herself from the cases when she took the helm of the DA’s office, requiring the appointment of special prosecutors who had to get up to speed on the cases. Officers have wide latitude Officers have considerable latitude in using deadly force under a legal standard known as objective reasonableness, which was set by the U.S. Supreme Court. Police can use deadly force if they encounter a situation in which they have reasonable fear based on what a reasonable officer would conclude under the same circumstances. “Ultimately, [a grand jury has] to decide did the officer commit a crime,” said Robert Rogers, a Dallas-based defense attorney representing Spencer, Wilburn and Tuter. “You have to believe that the officer shot the person in cold blood or was unreasonable in their belief that the person presented a deadly threat.” Rogers would not discuss the specific cases involving his clients. As criminal investigations unfold, police departments also carry out in-house administrative investigations that can lead to other disciplinary actions. While most officers do not face criminal charges, a few have faced some sort of consequence, including termination, for fatal mistakes or potentially deadly actions that violated use-of-force guidelines or other internal policies. Some officers — including Spencer and Wilburn — were terminated for violating departmental policy and publicly condemned by their chief of police before a decision was made on criminal charges. It’s a chain of events that law enforcement groups abhor. The Texas Municipal Police Association has publicly criticized police chiefs for quickly firing officers, insisting that police departments should wait for all the facts to avoid coloring criminal proceedings and grand jury investigations. “Our position is that we should always always wait until a complete vetting of the case,” said Lawrence, the association’s executive director. “What we should all be saying is wait for the facts to come out and we’ll go from there.” With a public that’s increasingly demanding accountability and transparency, police chiefs are left to strike a balance, but they themselves can face reprimands. Earlier this year, Austin’s city manager punished police Chief Art Acevedo for comments he made in the aftermath of a controversial police shooting that the police union claimed showed he prematurely judged the officer’s actions. “You’re going to have certain people that line up one way or the other based on their pre-existing biases,” said Rogers, the criminal defense attorney. “And then you have a lot of people in the middle.” Those are the people who can be swayed one way or the other by news coverage, the release of videos and comments made by department leadership, he added. But for some community leaders and activists, even just a few questionable cases are enough to cast a shadow over a powerful system that’s granted the power to end someone’s life. “The difference with these [Dallas] cases is that those folks lived,” Sara Mokuria, co-founder of Mothers Against Police Brutality, said of the indictments in Dallas. “When people survive and there’s more than just one account, there’s more of a potential to actually have some form of justice.” Before Wilburn, a police officer in Dallas had not faced criminal charges since the 1973 shooting of Santos Rodriguez, a 12-year-old boy who with his brother was pulled out of bed by police over accusations that they had robbed $8 from a vending machine at a convenience store, according to news reports. The boys denied it, leading to a game of Russian roulette during which Dallas police Officer Darrell Cain shot and killed Rodriguez while he was handcuffed inside a squad car. Cain was indicted and later convicted of murder. He was sentenced to five years in prison but was released after two-and-a-half years. Even in the few cases in which officers are brought up on criminal charges, prosecutors face a daunting task in winning a conviction — or even getting to court. Prosecutions of officers rarely result in lengthy jail time or even convictions. Only five of the seven officers the Tribune identified still face criminal charges. ‘We know he did wrong’ Tuter’s trial is a day that couldn’t come soon enough for the Allens, who are planning to testify. When they speak about their son’s shooting and the toll it’s taken on their family, it’s clear that the Allens are desperate. They are desperate for answers, questioning why Tuter shot at Michael so many times. They are desperate for justice, holding on to hope that Tuter could be convicted, though they were surprised he was even indicted. And they are desperate for closure, while accepting their grasp on it may be tenuous because their son will remain gone. “We know he did wrong, but he shouldn’t have got the death sentence,” said Stephanie Allen, Michael’s mother. “He should’ve went through the court system just like everybody else.” Her sunken eyes drift off regularly when speaking of Michael’s death, and she often ends her statements with a slight shake of her head — disappointment and grief still evident in her words almost four years after the shooting. “I think [Tuter] did wrong, and I hope he pays for it,” she says of upcoming trial. “I want him to never forget Michael. Because I won’t.” The Texas Tribune is a nonpartisan, nonprofit media organization that informs Texans — and engages with them — about public policy, politics, government and statewide issues Comments DentonRC.com is now using Facebook Comments. To post a comment, log into Facebook and then add your comment below. Your comment is subject to Facebook's Privacy Policy and Terms of Service on data use. If you don't want your comment to appear on Facebook, uncheck the 'Post to Facebook' box. To find out more, read the FAQ . Copyright 2011 Denton Record-Chronicle. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Connect With Us State News Stories Search on in Houston for missing son of Rep. John Conyers Houston gets new chief of police Unusual state bills among first to be filed Houston hosts historic preservation conference Texas, L.A. archbishops chosen as new leaders Video Related Sites dallasnews.com AlDiaTX.com GuideLive.com Local business listings Denton Record-Chronicle Newspaper Subscriptions Letter to Editor Submissions Advertising Place Classified Ad Home Contact Us Help Center Advertising Site Map Find Denton Jobs Get the Newspaper ©2015, Denton Publishing Co. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Deadspin Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker Today's Best Deals: Photoshop, Stemless Wine Glasses, Foam Seat Cushion, and More Shep McAllister9/01/16 9:53am Filed to: Kinja Deals Deals Daily Deals 19 4 Edit Promote Dismiss Undismiss Share to Kinja Go to permalink An ergonomic seat cushion, Amazon’s top-selling wine glasses, and uber-popular Rubbermaid FreshWorks containers lead off Thursday’s best deals. Today's Best Lifestyle Deals: Madewell, Journelle, Anthropologie, Bloomingdale's, Vince, and More Today's Best Lifestyle Deals: Madewell, Journelle, Anthropologie, Bloomingdale's, Vince, and More Today's Best Lifestyle Deals: Madewell,… Vince at Nordstrom Rack, extra 20% off sale items at Journelle, discounts at Bloomingdale’s, a… Read more Read more Bookmark Kinja Deals and follow us on Twitter to never miss a deal. Commerce Content is independent of Editorial and Advertising, and if you buy something through our posts, we may get a small share of the sale. Click here to learn more, and don’t forget to sign up for our email newsletter. Top Deals Aylio Comfort Foam Cushion, $30 Sitting is killing you, but if a standing desk isn’t an option, this discounted foam cushion can at least take some of the strain off your lower back. The "Sitting Is Killing You" Infographic Shows Just How Bad Prolonged Sitting Is The "Sitting Is Killing You" Infographic Shows Just How Bad Prolonged Sitting Is The "Sitting Is Killing You" Infographic Shows… Sitting is killing you. Numerous studies have pointed to the health risks of sitting all day, but… Read more Read more Aylio’s orthopedic cushion is designed to take pressure of your tailbone while seated, easing lower back pain and numbness. If you’d like to hear from people who’ve actually used it, just scroll down to the user reviews, where it carries a 4.4 star average from nearly 9,000 customers. Today’s $30 price is $10 less than usual, but just note that it’s an Amazon Gold Box deal, so it won’t last long. I have a 20 hour drive coming up in a few weeks, so I might pick this up for myself. $30 Aylio Comfort Foam Coccyx Cushion for Back Pain Relief and… From amazon 3811 purchased by readers Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now 20% off Takeya Vacuum Insulated Bottles, Discount Shown at Checkout Takeya, the company behind this popular cold brew coffee maker, also makes vacuum insulated stainless steel water bottles, and Amazon’s taking an extra 20% off select models at checkout today. Advertisement Advertisement Options range from 14 ounce bottles appropriate for your desk up to massive 40 ounce vessels for long hikes and workout sessions, and all of them can keep a drink cold for up to 24 hours, or hot for up to 12. Just note that you won’t see the deal price until you get to the final checkout page.so n Carrand Orbital Polisher, $20 Next time you wax your car, you could either buff until your arm falls out of its socket, or you could spend $20 and buy yourself this electric orbital polisher. I’m going to use my one remaining arm to purchase this. It even comes with wax, as well as buffing and polishing pads. $20 Carrand 94001AS AutoSpa 10" Orbital Professional 120 Volt… From amazon 628 purchased by readers Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Anker Speed Series Dual Port, $29 with code speednew | Anker 5-Port Speed Series Charger, $36 with code speednew Anker’s brand new Speed Series chargers combine three different technologies to provide the fastest charging speeds to any device: Sponsored Quick Charge 3.0 - Charges compatible devices up to 80% in 35 minutes PowerIQ - Detects what device is plugged in, and optimizes its charging throughput VoltageBoost - Detects cable resistance and adjusts current accordingly None of these technologies are new to Anker products, though these chargers are the first to include two Quick Charge 3.0 ports, rather than one. Just use promo code speednew at checkout to save 10% on either charger. $29 Anker 39W Dual USB Wall Charger with Quick Charge 3.0, Anker… From amazon Use code speednew 515 purchased by readers Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now $36 Anker Quick Charge 3.0 63W 5-Port USB Wall Charger, PowerPort… From amazon Use code speednew 619 purchased by readers Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now 25% off Timbuk2 Labor Day, the day that people think is about celebrating America but it’s really just a free day off work, is upon us. In celebration, Timbuk2 is slashing its prices once again. Get 25% off messenger bags, backpacks, laptop bags and more. If you’ve been waiting all summer to grab a new bag for the season that makes you look a little more professional than that Hershel you’ve had for five years, now’s your chance. Five Best Laptop Bags Five Best Laptop Bags Five Best Laptop Bags Finding the perfect laptop bag is no easy task. Some of us use whatever we got with the laptop,… Read more Read more Canon Pixma MX922, $70 I know that we espouse the virtues of monochrome laser printers, but if you really need the ability to print in color, Canon’s Pixma MX922 is worth your consideration. With over 8,000 mostly positive user reviews on Amazon, this is the rare Inkjet printer that you might not actually hate. This model sells for $90 pretty consistently, but today, you can snag one for $70 on eBay. GreenWorks 20" Electric Lawnmower, $179 GreenWorks’ 20-inch battery-powered lawn mower is actually Amazon’s top-selling walk-behind mower, and you can own one today for $279, matching an all-time low. That includes two batteries, which combined, should get you over an hour of mowing time. $330 GreenWorks 25302 G-MAX 40V Twin Force 20-Inch Cordless Lawn… From amazon 548 purchased by readers Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Coleman 16 Can Cooler Satchel, $9 This Coleman satchel looks like a normal purse or beach bag, but inside, it’s an insulated 16 can cooler. And unlike a normal hard sided cooler, this one includes side pockets to hold your phone, sunglasses, or extra snacks. Today’s $9 deal is an all-time low, but it’s only available for Prime members. $9 Coleman 16 Can Cooler Satchel From amazon 733 purchased by readers Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Royal Stemless Wine Glass 4-Pack, $13 If you’re into the stemless look, you can pick up a 4-pack of Amazon’s #1 selling wine glasses today for just $13, the best price we’ve seen. Eliminating the stem means that these can go in the top rack of your dishwasher, and can stack in your cabinets to save space. I’ll drink to that. $13 Royal Stemless Wine Glass Set, 4-Pack, 15 Ounce Wine Tumbler… From amazon 1171 purchased by readers Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now 276 Piece Rotary Tool Accessory Kit, $18 The Dremel you bought that one time probably came with a handful of attachments and accessories, but you can add 276 more to your toolbox for just $18 today. $18 WORKPRO W124003A 276-piece Rotary Tool Accessories Kit Universal… From amazon 1094 purchased by readers Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Don’t have a Dremel? Today’s your lucky day. Advertisement Advertisement Dremel 4200 Series Ultimate Rotary Tool Kit | $169 | Home Depot Dremel 4000 Series 120-Volt Corded Variable Speed High Performance Rotary Tool Kit | $109 | Home Depot Aukey Bluetooth Car Kit, $19 with code CARKITC8 We’ve seen a lot of deals on Bluetooth car receivers, but I don’t think any of them have looked as nice as this model from Aukey. It even lets you pair two phones at once, and comes with a three-port USB charger to keep all of your devices charged as well. Just note that your car will need an AUX jack for this to work. $19 AUKEY Bluetooth Receiver with 3Port USB Car Charger, Magnetic… From amazon Use code BTCAR888 6369 purchased by readers Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now 3-Tier Shelving System, $21 with code D86E5D99 Assuming your closet is at least 32" across, this ridiculously affordable shelving system is a great way to keep it organized. You get three shelves, and two collapsible “drawer” boxes, all for just $21, with Prime shipping straight to your front door. Just use code D86E5D99 at checkout to get the discount. $21 Closet Storage Organizer, MaidMAX Clothes Organizer Collection… From amazon Use code D86E5D99 911 purchased by readers Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Adobe Photoshop and Premiere Elements 14, $66 If you need a capable media editing suite for consumer-grade needs, Amazon will sell you a copy of Photoshop Elements 14 and Premiere Elements 14 for $66 today, as either a download or a disc. That combo frequently costs over $100, and unlike Adobe Creative Cloud, comes with no monthly fees. Just note that this price is only available today. $120 Adobe Photoshop Elements 14 & Premiere Elements 14… From amazon 1579 purchased by readers Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now If you’ve been holding out for a good deal to pick up the new Xbox One S, Microsoft is giving out $50 gift cards with the purchase of a 1TB bundle, and Walmart is tossing in two free games and an extra controller with the 2TB version. Advertisement Advertisement Xbox One S Halo Collection Bundle (1TB) + $50 Gift Card | $349 | Microsoft Xbox One S Madden NFL 17 Bundle (1TB) + $50 Gift Card | $349 | Microsoft Xbox One S 2TB Launch Edition Console with 2 Bonus Games and Wireless Controller | $399 | Walmart Xbox One S Review: What the Xbox One Should Have Been Xbox One S Review: What the Xbox One Should Have Been Xbox One S Review: What the Xbox One Should Have… There were very few complaints when the original Xbox One was announced, and it failed to handle… Read more Read more Samsung 850 EVO 500GB SSD, $140 The best all-around SSD for most people is down to $140 for 500GB, one of the best prices we’ve seen on this model. It’d obviously be a great upgrade over a spinning hard drive for your computer, but you could also stick it in an enclosure to create your own super-fast external drive. Build Your Own External SSD For Cheaper, Faster Storage Build Your Own External SSD For Cheaper, Faster Storage Build Your Own External SSD For Cheaper, Faster… External hard drives are ubiquitous, cheap, and great for backing up your files. But if you’ve ever … Read more Read more Britax Car Seat Gold Box Car seats are outrageously expensive, but Amazon’s easing the burden today with a Gold Box deals on six different models from Britax. They run the gamut from infant seats to boosters, so check it out, and send this around to all of your parent friends. Folding Tablet Stand, $5 with code HEN953CG You probably use your tablet primarily as a portable TV, so prop it up securely with this $5 folding stand. It even collapses down to practically nothing if you want to pack it for a trip. $5 iPad Stand, Mini Folding Kickstand, Multi-angle, Ultralight &… From amazon Use code HEN953CG 753 purchased by readers Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Inateck 2-in-1 Bluetooth Receiver and Transmitter, $17 with code NXP2HHDQ We see plenty of deals on Bluetooth transmitters and receivers, but this $17 gadget includes both. That means you can use it to add Bluetooth receiving capabilities to your favorite old speakers and headphones, or flip a switch and add Bluetooth streaming to an old MP3 player. $17 Inateck 2-In-1 Wireless Bluetooth Transmitter and Receiver… From amazon Use code NXP2HHDQ 1633 purchased by readers Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Sony HTCT790 Sound Bar, $398 Sony’s HTCT790 sound bar has every feature under the sun: 4K and HDR passthrough, HDCP 2.2, Dolby TrueHD & DTS-HD Master Audio support, HDMI ARC, Bluetooth, and the ability to add on compatible wireless speakers to create a surround sound environment. All those bells and whistles don’t come cheap at $398, but that is a match for Amazon’s all-time low, and $100 less than usual. $428 Sony HTCT790 Sound Bar with 4K and HDR Support From amazon 144 purchased by readers Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now The Laundry Alternative, $189 If your apartment doesn’t have the space or hookups for a washing machine, this miniature alternative hooks directly to your kitchen sink, and should work for everyone. The obvious downside here is that it’s small; you’re only fitting a couple pairs of jeans or a handful of t-shirts in there at once. But if it can save you from a few trips to the laundromat a month, it might be worth the money and floor space. $189 is the best price Amazon’s ever offered, so compared to laundry services, it should pay for itself even faster than usual. $189 The Laundry Alternative Super Compact 5.5 Lb. Capacity Full… From amazon 233 purchased by readers Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now 30% off Right-Now Picks, extra 30% off sale styles with code DOUBLEUP Every time that there’s a sale at Madewell, it’s hard to resist not putting 17 things into my cart. I need everything in the picture above, and you should spend the day shopping, because with the code DOUBLEUP, you’ll not only get 30% off select “Right-Now Picks,”, you’ll get an extra 30% off really pretty sale styles. Double up or double down, just double shop. Folding Tablet Stand, $5 with code HEN953CG You probably use your tablet primarily as a portable TV, so prop it up securely with this $5 folding stand. It even collapses down to practically nothing if you want to pack it for a trip. 17.3 cup + 2.5 cup Combo, $17 We shared the first deal on these Rubbermaid FreshWorks containers a few weeks ago, and on several occasions since, and you guys have bought thousands of them, to the point that Amazon has often killed the deal within hours of our posting it. So if you’ve missed out on Amazon’s previous deals, or loved yours so much that you want to buy more, the two-pack is back on sale for $17 today, down from $20. Bestsellers: Rubbermaid FreshWorks Produce Saver Containers Bestsellers: Rubbermaid FreshWorks Produce Saver Containers Bestsellers: Rubbermaid FreshWorks Produce Saver… We’re all probably a bit ashamed of the amount of produce we allow to spoil in the fridge, but… Read more Read more So, what’s the big deal? First, each FreshWorks product includes a “crisp tray” which elevates your produce off the bottom of the container, giving moisture a place to drip, and air enough room to flow. Second and most importantly, the lids feature special filters that regulate the flow of oxygen and CO2 into and out of the containers. All told, Rubbermaid claims keeps food fresh up to 80% longer than store packaging. It may sounds too good to be true, but customer reviews are fantastic, and Amazon’s offering a 2-piece set for $17 today, down from their usual $20. If they save just a few batches of arugula or scoops of blueberries that you would have otherwise thrown out, they’ll have already paid for themselves. $17 Rubbermaid FreshWorks Produce Saver Food Storage Container… From amazon 14027 purchased by readers Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now LifeStraw Personal Water Filter, $15 Last week, we shared that Amazon was selling LifeStraws for $16 each, a $4 discount. But if that didn’t whet your whistle, or if you just missed it, it’s now down to $15. If you aren’t familiar, these allow you to sip directly from basically any source of fresh water you find in nature. Hopefully you never need one, but if you like to spend time outdoors, it’s worth keeping one in your bag. $15 LifeStraw Personal Water Filter From amazon 3059 purchased by readers Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Extra 20% off PC Gaming Accessories, promo code PAXWEST20 While supplies last, Amazon’s taking an extra 20% off over 20 popular PC gaming accessories with promo code PAXWEST20, including gear from Razer, Corsair, SteelSeries, and others. Advertisement Advertisement You can see the full list of eligible items here, but they run the gamut from gaming mice and keyboards to routers, mouse pads, and even a complete gaming PC. Just note that the prices listed do not reflect the discount, so you won’t see the deal until checkout. Note: The code will only work on items shipped and sold by Amazon.com directly, and I noticed at least one item that was defaulting to a third party seller. Just be sure to check the seller listing, and add the correct one to your cart. Refurb Wii U 32GB + Nintendoland + Super Mario 3D World + $25 eBay gift card, $225 The Wii U is essentially a dead console at this point, but honestly, it might be worth picking up just to play the likes of Mario Kart, Super Smash Bros., and Super Mario Maker, among others that you can’t play anywhere else. While supplies last, $225 gets you a refurbished 32GB console, Super Mario 3D World, Nintendoland, and a $25 eBay gift card. KMASHI LED Headlamp, $17 with code 56ZMN6G3 Before you head out on your next camping trip or excursion into your attic, you might want to pick up this discounted head lamp from Kmashi for $17. It’s IP65 dust and water resistant, and can run for eight hours on its highest setting, or 10 at a reduced brightness. Plus, it recharges over USB, so you could potentially juice it back up from the trail with a battery pack. $17 KMASHI 2600 Feet Lighting Distance LED Flashlight Hunting… From amazon Use code 56ZMN6G3 254 purchased by readers Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now $100 Southwest Gift Card, $92 | $100 American Airlines Gift Card, $92 If you’re planning to fly Southwest or American Airlines any time in the near future, there’s no reason not to buy these $100 gift card for $92. That’s not a huge discount, but airline gift cards hardly ever go on sale, and you can spend the money you saved on in-flight Wi-Fi, or seat upgrades. $100 Google Play Gift Card + $5 eBay Gift Card, $100 If you’re going to eventually spend $100 on Google Play anyway, you might as well buy this gift card, and get $5 in bonus eBay credit for free. That’s not a life-changing deal or anything, but hey, it’s free money. iClever BoostCube Quick Charge 3.0 USB Charger, $12 with code QUICKCHA | BoostCube USB-C Charger, $13 with code CCHARGER iClever’s BoostCube line is The Wirecutter’s pick for best travel charger, and two different models are on sale today. Just be sure to note the promo codes. The $12 model is actually one of the best deals we’ve seen on any Quick Charge 3.0-compatible charger. $13 USB C Charger, iClever BoostCube 30W Dual USB Wall Charger with… From amazon Use code CCHARGER 94 purchased by readers Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now $12 Quick Charge 3.0, iClever BoostCube+ Qualcomm QC 3.0 30W Dual… From amazon Use code QUICKCHA 971 purchased by readers Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Extra 35% off full-price, Extra 50% off clearance with code WOOHOO Another day, another J.Crew Factory markdown. This time, get an extra 50% off basically everything full-price (the only exclusions are men’s suiting, cashmere and leather items), an extra 50% off clearance styles when you use the code WOOHOO. Grab a new button-down for $35 or some new chinos for $30. HDTV RGB Bias Light, $12 with code 5FYOQONG | With Remote, $14 with code AONZAJ8Z The proliferation of inexpensive HDTV bias lights has been the only good thing to happen in 2016, but even by our standards, $12-$14 for RGB models is cheap. Advertisement Advertisement If you haven’t seen these before, they’re basically LED light strips that plug directly into your TV’s USB port for power, and sticks to the back of the set via built-in adhesive. Once you turn your TV on, the light strip will cast a soft glow on the wall behind it, which can reduce eyestrain when watching in the dark, and improve your TV’s perceived black levels. The $12 model is a single 35" strip with a single inline switch to change the colors, while the $14 version is a pair of 19" strips that you can control with a remote. $12 Bias Lighting for HDTV USB Powered TV Backlighting Home Theater… From amazon Use code 5FYOQONG 3218 purchased by readers Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now $14 Bias Lighting for HDTV USB Powered TV Backlighting, Home Theater… From amazon Use code AONZAJ8Z 761 purchased by readers Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Contigo Autoseal West Loop Travel Mug, $12 If you hurry over to Amazon, you can score a 16 ounce Contigo Autoseal West Loop travel mug in white for $12, the best price we’ve seen. If that sells out, or if you don’t like the color, several other colors are available directly from Amazon for just $1 more. This is our readers’ favorite travel mug by a wide margin, and can keep a drink hot for four hours, or cold for up to 12. Your Pick For Best Travel Mug: Contigo Autoseal West Loop Your Pick For Best Travel Mug: Contigo Autoseal West Loop Your Pick For Best Travel Mug: Contigo Autoseal… Taking the bulk of the thousands of votes you cast, the Contigo Autoseal West Loop Stainless Steel… Read more Read more Vantrue Mini Dash Cam, $60 with code BH2F9URO Vantrue’s compact N1 dash cam is only $60 today with promo code BH2F9URO, but it doesn’t skimp on features. You get night vision, automatic loop recording, a g-sensor to detect crashes, and even a parking mode that uses motion detectors to film anyone or anything that gets too close to your vehicle while it’s stationary. $60 Vantrue N1 Mini Dash Cam - Full HD 1080P+HDR 1.5 Inch LCD Small… From amazon Use code BH2F9URO 1850 purchased by readers Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now If you have your own little tot crawling around, or have any friends with young children, Amazon’s offering a parenting lifeline with 35% off various diapers and baby wipes, plus an extra 20% for Prime members via an Amazon Family Subscribe & Save discount. Advertisement Advertisement Just find your favorite variety from the list below, and note that you won’t see the discount until checkout. 35% off Huggies Baby Wipes | Amazon | Discount shown at checkout 35% off Huggies Snug & Dry Diapers | Amazon | Discount shown at checkout. Extra 20% for Prime members with Subscribe & Save 35% off Huggies Little Movers Diapers | Amazon | Discount shown at checkout. Extra 20% for Prime members with Subscribe & Save 35% off Huggies Little Snugglers | Amazon | Discount shown at checkout. Extra 20% for Prime members with Subscribe & Save Philips Sonicare Essence Toothbrush, $20 after $5 coupon If you want to dip your toes into the world of electric toothbrushes, Philips’ entry level Sonicare Essence line is an amazing value at $20 (after clipping the $5 coupon). I’ve been using this brush for years, and I still love it. We saw this deal last month, and it sold out very quickly, so I wouldn’t hesitate to lock in your order if you’re interested. $20 Philips Sonicare Essence Sonic Electric Rechargeable Toothbrush,… From amazon 5685 purchased by readers Gizmodo Media Group may get a commission Buy now Tech Power AUKEY 12000mAh Portable Charger | $17 | Amazon | Use code PBN28AU5 AUKEY Quick Charge 2.0 16000mAh Portable Charger with USB-C Cable | $25 | Amazon | Use code PBY2AUK5 CyberPower LX1325G Uninterruptible Power Supply | $83 | B&H RAVPower 10050mAh Power Bank and RAVPower 6' Lightning Cable | $20 | Amazon | Use code KILYLBF3 Audio A-Audio Legacy HD Active Noise Cancelling Over-Ear Headphones | $80 | Staples Inateck 2-In-1 Wireless Bluetooth Transmitter and Receiver Adapter | $17 | Amazon | Use code NXP2HHDQ Home Theater LG Electronics SH5B 2.1 Channel 320W Sound Bar with Wireless Subwoofer | $170 | Amazon Computers & Accessories 15.6" Laptop - Intel Celeron - 4GB Memory - 500GB Hard Drive | $180 | eBay PC Parts Thermaltake TR2 Bronze 700W ATX12V 80 PLUS BRONZE Power Supply | $33 | Newegg | After $20 rebate Mobile Devices Asus ZenWatch 4GB 1.2GHz Bluetooth Android Touchscreen Smartwatch | $65 | eBay Aduro U-GRIP Adjustable Universal Tablet Car Mount | $13 | Woot Mini Folding Tablet Stand | $5 | Amazon | Use code HEN953CG [3 Pack] iPhone 6 Plus Screen Protector | $3 | Amazon | Use code EHOXJV78 Photography Adobe Photoshop Elements & Premiere Elements 14 | $66 | Amazon Aurosports 4K 16MP Wi-Fi Waterproof Action Camera | $56 | Amazon Ehang GHOSTDRONE 2.0 Aerial with 4K Sports Camera, iOS/Android Compatible | $400 | Amazon Home Aylio Orthopedic Comfort Foam Coccyx Seat Cushion | $30 | Amazon Halter Manual Adjustable-Height Table Top Desk | $100 | B&H Furinno U-Shaped Laptop Desk | $22 | Walmart Sharpie Permanent Markers, Ultra Fine, 5 Pack | $3 | Amazon Prismacolor Premier Colored Pencils, Soft Core, 48 Pack | $24 | Amazon Rubbermaid Professional Plus Commercial Wringer Mop Bucket, 28 qt. | $40 | Amazon (6 Pack) OxyLED 60W Equivalent 3000K A19 LED Light Bulb with E26 Base, Soft White | $18 | Amazon | Use code I3KWT3XN The Laundry Alternative Super Compact 5.5 Lb. Capacity Full Automatic Washer with 3 Year Full Warranty | $189 | Amazon 3 Tier Shelves Clothes Storage Organizer with 2 Collapsible Drawers | $21 | Amazon | Use code D86E5D99 Etekcity Living Color LED Table Lamp | $17 | Amazon | Use code 54U6MSO3 Soledi Vintage Wall Clock European Retro Vintage | $33 | Amazon | Use code OUJCH3RX Kitchen Load $10 using Visa Checkout on Your Starbucks App, Get an Additional $10 | $10 Starbucks SunrisePro Knife Sharpener, USA patented | $20 | Amazon X-Chef Kitchen Measuring Teaspoons | $4 | Amazon | Use code TX5JQKC2 Habor Instant Read Meat Thermometer Digital Cooking Thermometer | $10 | Amazon Manual Coffee Grinder with Ceramic Burr | $9 | Amazon | Use code F6LQ7ZKR Royal Stemless Wine Glass Set, 4-Pack, 15 Ounce | $13 | Amazon Waring Pro Professional 1800-Watt Countertop Cast-Iron Grill | $79 | Buydig | Use code CASTIRON20 Utopia Kitchen Pre Seasoned Cast Iron Dutch Oven with Dual Handle and Cover Casserole Dish, 5 Quart | $24 | Amazon Meal Prep Haven Stackable Food Containers with Lids, Set of 7 | $7 | Amazon Tools & Auto Britax Car Seats are Discounted Today | Amazon GOOLOO Portable 24-LED Work Light | $18 | Amazon Dremel Idea Builder 3D Printer | $799 | Home Depot LulzBot TAZ 5 Desktop 3D Printer with 0.5 mm Nozzle | $1760 | Amazon WORKPRO 276-piece Rotary Tool Accessories Kit | $18 | Amazon Vehemo Digital Tire Pressure Gauge TG-A01 100 PSI, Bright LED Light, 4 Settings PSI Bar KPA Kgf/cm, Quickly and Accurately Monitor Tire Air Pressure | $8 | Amazon | Use code IKHHO744 Dremel 4200 Series Ultimate Rotary Tool Kit | $169 | Home Depot Dremel 4000 Series 120-Volt Corded Variable Speed High Performance Rotary Tool Kit | $109 | Home Depot Dremel 7.5-Amp Corded 4.5 in. Ultra-Saw Tool Kit | $80 | Home Depot Peak PKC0BO 400-Watt Tailgate Power Inverter | $17 | Amazon Pioneer CD - Built-In Bluetooth - Built-In HD Radio - In-Dash - Receiver - Detachable Faceplate and Remote | $100 | Best Buy Carrand 94001AS AutoSpa 10" Orbital Professional 120 Volt Automotive Polisher | $20 | Amazon AUKEY Bluetooth Receiver with 3Port USB Car Charger | $19 | Amazon | Use code CARKITC8 Lifestyle Apparel 40% Off Almost Everything and Free Shipping on $50 | Banana Republic | Use code FALL40 Men’s Leather Reversible Belt with Polished Buckle (Black & Brown) | $10 | Amazon | Use code 6NVX2SXG Beauty & Grooming Philips Sonicare Essence Sonic Electric Rechargeable Toothbrush | $20 | Amazon | After $5 Digital Coupon Camping & Outdoors Coleman Cooler Satchel | $9 | Amazon Outlander Packable Handy Lightweight Travel Daypack | $15 | Amazon | Use Code CB8CPXF2 2-in-1 Utility Cart | $60 | Sears Fitness Gonex Road Mountain Adult Bike Helmet | $23 | Amazon | Use code 9QA2ORNA Media Movies & TV ESPN 30 for 30 Collector’s Set | $10 | Amazon Spaceballs The 25th Anniversary Edition | $5 | Amazon Sicario 4K Ultra HD | $25 | Amazon 28 Days Later / 28 Weeks Later Double Feature | $8 | Amazon Sideways 10th Anniversary Edition | $7 | Amazon Need for Speed | $11 | Amazon Books Ghost Gifts Audiobook | $4 | Amazon Since You’ve Been Gone [Kindle] | $2 | Amazon Gaming Peripherals Razer Overwatch Goliathus Extended SPEED Soft Gaming Mouse Mat | $32 | Amazon Hyperkin SUPABOY Portable Pocket SNES Console | $69 | Amazon PC Titan Quest Anniversary Edition | $5 | Steam Tahira: Echoes of the Astral Empire | $13 | Steam PlayStation 4 The Last of Us Remastered | $13 | Amazon Minecraft | $15 | Walmart Xbox One Xbox One S Halo Collection Bundle (1TB) + $50 Gift Card | $349 | Microsoft Xbox One S Madden NFL 17 Bundle (1TB) + $50 Gift Card | $349 | Microsoft Xbox One S 2TB Launch Edition Console with 2 Bonus Games and Wireless Controller | $399 | Walmart FREE Earthlock: Festival of Magic | Xbox Live Gold Microsoft Xbox Wireless Adapter for Windows | $20 | Amazon Xbox 360 FREE Forza Horizon | Xbox Live Gold 3DS The Legend of Zelda: TriForce Heroes | $23 | Amazon Vita Sword Art Online: Lost Song | $20 | Amazon Toys My Little Pony Cutie Mark Magic Rarity & Friendship Flutters Figures | $5 | eBay Commerce Content is independent of Editorial and Advertising, and if you buy something through our posts, we may get a small share of the sale. Click here to learn more, and don’t forget to sign up for our email newsletter. We want your feedback. Shep McAllister shep@gawker.com @shepmcallister Senior Commerce Editor | Send deal submissions to deals@gawker.com Reply19 repliesLeave a reply You may also like Deadspin Luke Kuechly Weeps His Way Off The Field After Scary Injury Yesterday 11:42pm Gizmodo Elon Musk Says His Smart Solar Roof Could Cost Less Than Your Dumbass Regular Roof Yesterday 10:45pm Deadspin Luke Kuechly's Tears Hit Hard 43 minutes ago Recent from Shep McAllister 511 Deals · Shep McAllister The Ultimate Gift For X-Files Fans Is Cheaper Than Ever 39 minutes ago 1.1K Deals · Shep McAllister Manage Your Kids' Screen Time With Circle With Disney, $15 Off Today 54 minutes ago 1 40 10.4K Deals · Shep McAllister Black Friday Pricing Is Already In Effect For Overwatch, If You Somehow Don't Own It Already Today 8:31am Share Tweet Need Help? Content Guide Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2016 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
Sections News Weather Archives Obituaries Election Election: WHY IT MATTERS Business Stocks Education Data Center NEPA 911 Health-Science Local History Gas Drilling Courts State Sports High School Penn State RailRiders Penguins Gameface Golf Motorsports Wildlife Varsity570 Lifestyles Calendar Life events Food and wine 10 things Mothers Home and Garden On The Record Crossword Times Traveler My Town Scranton Dunmore Abingtons Downvalley Midvalley Upvalley N. Pocono Wayne Wyoming Susquehanna Opinion Editorials & Columns Letters Submit Letter Cole Cartoon Blog Blogs Chris Kelly Blog John Cole Cartoons High School Sports Penn State RailRiders Photo Blog Local History The Borys Blog WildLife Blog Contact Print Subscription Print Advertising NIE Press Pass Submit Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Smart Subscribe ALL ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Scranton Times-Tribune All Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital SMART Edition of The Times-Tribune on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at thetimes-tribune.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device, read the Smart Edition sign up for daily newsletters, activate your all access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Lifestyles • Obituaries • Opinion • Contact • Classifieds • Marketplace • Smart Organize for revival Find your dream home this weekend with our Open House finder! Let The Times-Tribune Fill Your Tank! Win TWO Tickets To Kacey Musgraves: A Very Kacey Christmas Win a year supply of Hearing Aid Batteries! Win tickets to Melissa Etheridge's Holiday Trio Dec 4th! Enter the Movember Beard Contest! This month's coupons from local merchants Press Pass Become a VIP Subscriber! Click for businesses offering discounts to Press Pass Subscribers. (read more) Most Read Recent Comments Moscow man accused of sexual contact with 14-year-old girl Longtime U of S professor dies weeks after accidental crash Lackawanna County Court Notes 11/18/2016 Carbondale Area, Holy Redeemer on probation for incident after girls basketball game last season Police searching for missing Old Forge teen Vacant Dickson City Wal-Mart coming down Scranton School Board passes preliminary budget High School Sports Blog Chris Kelly Blog: Christopher J. Kelly, is the Scranton Times-Tribune Columnist. Election News: Get the latest news for the 2016 election My Town: Read and comment on news, sports, features and opinion from your local community: Court Notes: Complete listings of marriage licenses, property transactions, tax liens, estates filed News Flash: Get news alerts from the Times-Tribune on your mobile phone or in your email. Education Databases: Searchable databases on demographics, test scores, financial information and te By Richard Bloomingdale / Published: September 5, 2016 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     RICHARD BLOOMINGDALE, PRESIDENT OF THE PENNSYLVANIA AFL-CIO Any job can be a good paying job if it’s a union job. That lesson has been lost to many Americans deceived by decades of attacks from well-funded corporate interests and their political allies. Politicians like to talk about good-paying, middle class jobs that can sustain families. These jobs were fought for by a strong labor movement. Before, jobs were low paying to the point that people lived in company houses or tenements. Unionization and organizing changed it all. President Franklin Roosevelt signed the National Labor Relations Act in 1935, leveling the playing field for workers to organize. So as unions formed in the big industrial and craft sectors, workers gained a seat at the table through collective bargaining. It was at those tables that workers voiced their right to a share of the product of their labor. No longer did all the profits go to the 1 percent; some of those profits were paid to the workers who actually made the products. America experienced an era of broad-based prosperity unlike any before. And while union density only reached its height at 35 percent of the American workforce, many employers in nonunion companies paid a decent wage to keep from losing their employees. While union density shrinks, the income going to the 1 percent grows. This is no accident. Most employers reward shareholders at the expense of workers. One prime example is Wal-Mart. We see the Waltons and their shareholders getting richer while their employees qualify for food stamps and Medicaid. Wal-Mmart gets richer at the expense of taxpayers. But what if Wal-Mart was union? Workers, through their union, would have representation and bargain for a share of the profit from their work, a higher wage, a health care plan and maybe even a pension. Higher wages would lead to increased spending. In John Kennedy’s words, a rising tide lifts all boats. How do we get back to a growing middle class? One word: organize. Since President Roosevelt signed the National Labor Relations Act, employers and lawyers have figured out ways to get around the law and in some cases, break the law. It is better to pay paltry fines created 80 years ago than have a union. It is time to strengthen the law, creating economic and personal disincentives that deter union-busting practices. If we are going to change the law, we need to elect people who are going to vote to level the playing field. We need to be make the phone calls, go door to door, visit work sites and provide members with the information they need. So,organize your workplace and help us elect people who will protect your right to have a voice at work. And don’t forget to vote Nov. 8. We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 149 Penn Ave. Scranton, PA 18503 1-800-228-4637 CONTACT US Copyright ©2016 The Scranton Times-Tribune PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS LIFESTYLES BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND SCRANTON JOBS Facebook Twitter      
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home About Us Contact Us Subscribe Visitors Info News Sports Opinions For the Record Obituaries Police Reports Governor's Agenda Senate Agenda Island Life 24/7 Island Action People & Community Community News Celebrations Classifieds Best of the V.I. E-Magazines About Us Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition 84° Saint Thomas, VI (00802) Today Partly cloudy skies this morning will give way to occasional showers during the afternoon. High 86F. Winds ESE at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 60%.. Tonight Cloudy with occasional rain showers. Low 78F. Winds ENE at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 60%. Updated: November 18, 2016 @ 9:53 am Full Forecast Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Subscribe Visitors Info News Sports Opinions For the Record Obituaries Police Reports Governor's Agenda Senate Agenda Island Life 24/7 Island Action People & Community Community News Celebrations Classifieds Best of the V.I. E-Magazines Wages, long stagnant, show signs of improvement By Jim Puzzanghera Los Angeles Times Sep 5, 2016 0 WASHINGTON — For millions of Americans, a reminder of the economic damage of the 2007-09 recession has arrived every week or two for years — in their paychecks. Painfully slow wage growth has limited economic recovery, with many workers getting few if any raises. But there are signs that has started to change. The falling unemployment rate has led to more competition for workers, spurring solid gains in average hourly earnings in recent months. Those pressures, amplified by laws providing minimum-wage increases in California, New York and elsewhere, also are triggering changes for the workers who need raises the most. Beginning last year, large companies such as Wal-Mart, Starbucks, McDonald’s and JPMorgan Chase increased what they pay their lowest-level employees. “A pay increase is the right thing to do,” JPMorgan Chase Chief Executive Jamie Dimon said recently in announcing raises that would bring the hourly pay of bank tellers, customer service representatives and other employees to at least $12 an hour in three years, from the current $10.15. “Wages for many Americans have gone nowhere for too long,” he wrote in a New York Times opinion article. The same message has emanated from the presidential campaigns of Republicans and Democrats. When adjusted for inflation, median annual household incomes declined to $53,657 in 2014, the most recent year for which government data are available, from $57,724 in 2000. “Household incomes are more than $4,000 lower than their levels in the year 2000,” Republican nominee Donald Trump said at a rally in Virginia last month. “Think of it … you’re making $4,000 less now than you did 16, 17 years ago.” Wage growth already was taking a hit this century for several reasons. One factor is the loss of bargaining power caused by a drop in the share of private-sector unionized workers; another is the decline in higher-paying manufacturing jobs as companies moved more factories abroad. As a result, the share of money flowing into households from wages began falling sharply compared with capital income from interest and dividends, according to a study last year by the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia. The 2008 financial crisis and the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression amplified those changes, further stifling overall wage growth. But after two years of strong job growth, job openings are near record levels. That’s forced employers to raise pay to attract new workers and retain existing ones, economists said. Average hourly earnings increased 2.4 percent for the 12 months ended Aug. 31. Annual wage gains have been consistently in that range since last fall — they reached a seven-year high of 2.7 percent year-over-year in July — an improvement from the tepid 2 percent during much the first six years of the recovery. With annual inflation running below 1 percent, the accelerating wage growth is boosting workers’ purchasing power. “We have turned the corner, and today the wage gains that are happening are far in excess of inflation,” said Andrew Chamberlain, chief economist at recruiting website Glassdoor. “As long as we keep seeing steady job gains in the monthly jobs report and near-record job openings, it’s inevitable we’re going to see wage growth pick up,” he said. Chamberlain said Glassdoor data show that competition for workers has pushed wage growth up sharply for some skilled professions. Pay for business system analysts is up about 10 percent compared with a year ago, while sales consultants saw a 7 percent gain and pharmacy technicians 6 percent. Many of those sales consultants are in the technology industry, which saw average wages rise 3.6 percent last year in the 10 top markets, including Silicon Valley, Seattle, New York City and Los Angeles, according to a report from financial and professional services firm JLL. In addition, more middle-income jobs are being created than was the case earlier in the economic recovery, indicating that wage gains are being spread more evenly among the workforce. From 2010 to 2013, new jobs that paid between about $30,000 and $50,000 annually lagged well behind high- and low-wage positions, according to research released recently by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. But from 2013-15, the U.S. added about 2.3 million middle-income jobs in fields such as construction, education, and transportation. During the same period, the economy created about 1.5 million high-paying jobs and about 1.6 million low-paying jobs. Some states and localities have tried to accelerate wage recovery for low-income workers by raising minimum wages. There now are 29 states, plus the District of Columbia, that have minimum wages higher than the federal level of $7.25 an hour, which hasn’t budged since 2009. In April, California Gov. Jerry Brown signed legislation that will raise the minimum wage in California to $15 an hour by 2022. Also in April, New York enacted legislation that will raise the minimum wage there to $15. The increases vary by region — faster for New York City, slower for more rural areas — and it is unclear when the entire state will hit that level. As the states with the nation’s largest and third-largest populations moved to increase their minimum wages, large companies realized that they’d soon have to raise the pay of many of their workers. That was one factor behind the nationwide pay raises that several began announcing last year. “We certainly are mindful of wage increases in various states throughout the country,” McDonald’s chief financial officer Kevin M. Ozan said during an earnings call in July “It has, from a purely business standpoint, created an incentive to lift the wages at the bottom across their workforces,” said Christine Owens, executive director of the National Employment Law Project, which has been pushing for a $15-an-hour minimum wage. “A lot of companies … were getting a lot of bad press about how they treated their employees, and raising wages was an obvious way to respond to that,” she said. × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Search Latest News Government puts new Cadillac in governor's fleet St. Croix results unchanged as vote count continues Court allows Wayne James' attorney to leave case Diversity highlights Althea Scatlliffe School’s Cultural Extravaganza St. Thomas/St. John Ag Fair returns this weekend Finance Committee votes to kill customs duty Banco Popular temporarily closes Waterfront branch Judge orders woman charged in embezzlement back to work Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Kevin A. Wheatly Dana Hendricks Police investigating homicide on St. Thomas Dana Hendricks Novena Bazilica Scotland-Charles Kendell W. Anthony Former Paradise ball boy comes back as senior starter Frederick J. Berkeley Bernice King Engine problem delays grocery shipment for two St. Thomas stores Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented St. Vincent and the Grenadines to outlaw killing of sea turtles (1) Esperance Laqrenade (1) Trump names Priebus, Bannon to senior White House roles (1) Alice Connor Canton (1) Flying free (1) Rebuilding efforts underway in Eastern Cuba but US hurricane aid is rebuffed (1) Rum, cigar restrictions lifted, but taste of repression still greets tourists in Cuba (1) Stocks Sections News Sports Opinions For the Record Island Life Multimedia Online Features Services Subscription Services Submission Forms Classifieds Place an Ad Business Directory Email Alerts Search Contact Information virginislandsdailynews.com 9155 Estate Thomas St. Thomas, VI 00802 Phone: 340-774-8772 Email: online@dailynews.vi Follow Us © Copyright 2016 virginislandsdailynews.com, 9155 Estate Thomas St. Thomas, VI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Serving Central Oregon since 1903 Friday, November 18, 2016 Subscriber Sign In Manage Account Subscribe Toggle navigation Local/State Education Environment Bend Deschutes County Politics OSU-Cascades Elections Marijuana Business Real Estate Sports High School Ducks Beavers Golf Community Sports Outdoors Lifestyle Restaurants Drinks Food Home & Garden Family Milestones Travel Outdoors Cook Like a Chef Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Endorsements Submission Policies Health Pulse Magazine Entertainment Events Music Movies GO! Arts Restaurants Drinks Books TV Obits Jobs MORE Nation Outdoors Events Classifieds Webcams Special Publications BendHomes.com Subscribe Digital Newsstand Slideshows Submit a photo Reader Comments Home Local/State Business Sports Lifestyle Entertainment Obits Jobs Events Classifieds Webcams BendHomes.com Slideshows Submit a photo Movies GO! Restaurants Home Nation / World Tensions rise over ‘rolling coal’ in trucks print Share | e-mail Facebook Tweet StumbleUpon Google 2777530 false David Kasnic / The New York Times A crowd watches during the Illini State Pullers event at the McHenry County Fair in Woodstock, Illinois, in August. Click here to enlarge image Tensions rise over ‘rolling coal’ in trucks By Hiroko Tabuchi / New York Times News Service Published Sep 5, 2016 at 12:02AM MONTROSE, Colo. — There is a new menace on America’s roads: diesel truck drivers who soup up their engines and remove their emissions controls to “roll coal,” or belch black smoke, at pedestrians, cyclists and unsuspecting Prius drivers. Sgt. Chris Worthington of the Montrose Police Department here is out to stop them. “You can hear those trucks across town, driving like idiots,” he said on a recent Friday evening patrol. He is among the first law enforcement officers in the country to be trained at “smoke school” to pick up the skills to police the coal rollers. He lost sight of one truck cruising in the opposite direction, trailing plumes of smoke. But another, a Ram 3500 fitted with two steel smokestacks, was parked in a Wal-Mart parking lot. The owner, Pryce Hoey, insisted his truck was emissions compliant, but nevertheless agreed to demonstrate its smoke-generating prowess. “I just wanted something different,” Hoey said, revving the engine and releasing two black pillars of smoke into the evening air before Worthington shut him down. “People who see it giggle. They think it’s funny.” Depending on whom you ask, rolling coal is a juvenile prank, a health hazard, a stand against rampant environmentalism, a brazen show of American freedom. Coal rollers’ frequent targets: walkers, joggers, cyclists, hybrid and Asian cars and even police officers. A popular bumper sticker reads “Prius Repellent.” Many document their feats online. Coal rollers also have their own reality TV show. And while official tallies of coal rolling do not exist, there are signs that smoke, whether from intentional belching or not, is a growing public nuisance. In Colorado, complaints over diesel smoke have risen 5 percent over the last two years. In California, complaints about smoking vehicles to the California Air Resources Board have jumped from less than 700 a month, on average, two years ago to more than 1,000 now. State legislatures, as well as local law enforcement agencies, are starting to take action. Last year, New Jersey became the first state to explicitly ban rolling coal, going beyond the federal laws that already prohibit drivers from tinkering with emissions controls. A similar bill is on the table in Illinois, while Colorado and Maryland have defeated proposed bans. The birth of rolling coal Rolling coal has origins in truck pulls, in which pickups compete to pull a heavy sled the farthest. Drivers modify their trucks to pump excessive fuel into the engines, increasing horsepower and torque. Stripped of emissions controls, the trucks also bellow thick, black smoke. At a recent truck pull at the McHenry County Fair in Woodstock, Illinois, the fumes were part of the draw. “When the smoke goes black, don’t look back,” read one man’s T-shirt. “We pull for bragging rights,” said Scott Vivian, president of the Illini State Pullers league, the event’s organizer. “And smoke’s a big part of it.” Shane Johnson has named his Ford F-250 truck, with its 1,500-horsepower Duramax engine, Public Enemy. He pulled the sled almost all the way down the dirt track, spewing a column of smoke into the summer sky. “It’s an adrenaline rush,” he said. Still, fans of truck pulling insist — and environmental officials largely agree — that it is harmless entertainment. When the EPA completed new truck emissions standards this month, it emphasized that it did not intend to go after trucks used in motor sports. There is, in fact, disdain among truck-pull enthusiasts toward coal rollers, whom they view as wannabes sullying their sport. “I hate those guys. I used to do it, smoke out friends, but I grew out of it,” Johnson said. “Gives diesel a bad name.” The police ‘smoke machine’ Raymond Elick runs the smoke school at the Colorado Health and Environment Department, training police to spot coal rollers. It is more art than science. In Colorado, a bill that would have made rolling coal a misdemeanor died in a GOP-controlled state Senate in April. Still, an obscure Colorado state law, a holdover from the days when diesel was far dirtier, allows officers to cite coal rollers that blow smoke for at least five seconds at more than 40 percent opacity, or thickness. Using a “smoke machine” that burns toluene, Elick has trained 55 police officers to discern smoke opacity: Zero percent opacity is clear air; 100 percent opacity lets no light through. “If it’s smokin’, it’s broken,” Elick said. “If you see a smoky truck running down the street, that’s probably 40-50 percent, and that’s pretty darn smoky,” he said. “If all of the light disappears over that path, if it’s a really bad coal roller, it could be approaching 100 percent.” Buying tuning kits online “Tuning” passenger vehicles to override emissions controls is relatively easy, with appropriate gear. Online retailers like Amazon and eBay sell aftermarket products that render emissions equipment inoperable. Truck owners intent on rolling coal need only to turn to the Discovery Channel reality show “Diesel Brothers” for guidance. The show, which has more than 2.2 million viewers an episode, follows Heavy D, Diesel Dave and a team of mechanics in Utah who “build the baddest diesel trucks ever seen on the planet.” Some of the modified trucks are offered for sale with no emissions controls on DieselSellerz.com, a site affiliated with the show. The Diesel Brothers have alarmed health professionals. Even short-term exposure to diesel smoke can increase the probability of heart attacks, strokes, lung disease and cancer, said Brian Moench, president of the Utah Physicians for a Healthy Environment. “You have created a growing business transforming lawful, emission-compliant vehicles into illegal, pollution-belching” trucks, Moench wrote in a letter to the Diesel Brothers. “To what purpose?” Heavy D, or David Sparks, said through a representative that there was “a misunderstanding on the modification process of trucks on the show.” The Discovery Channel declined to comment. Enforcement troubles Anyone who tampers with emissions-control equipment violates the Clean Air Act, which prohibits the selling or installing of any component intended to bypass emissions equipment and carries penalties of up to $2,500. Enforcing that ban on the street is difficult, however. Moves in a handful of states to follow New Jersey’s explicit coal-rolling prohibition have been opposed by those who argue that a ban would be regulatory overkill. Guzzardi, the Illinois representative and an avid cyclist, has been pushing a bill that would impose an additional fine of up to $5,000 for anyone caught coal rolling. “Why should I get a giant blast of smoke in my face from someone who doesn’t approve of my transportation method?” he said. But a bid in Colorado that would have made rolling coal a misdemeanor was defeated in April. “Are we overreaching here?” Mark Scheffel, a Republican state senator, argued in committee. “It’s just kids with too much time and money on their hands.” 14961068 View next article in Nation & World     Get Central Oregon's top headlines delivered to your inbox every morning GO print version Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus This image is copyrighted. To purchase photo click here! Close window Get daily headlines to your inbox GO Connect with The Bulletin Popular Comments Popular stories for Nation / World ‘Sanctuary cities’ face moment of truth 11/16/2016 LOS ANGELES — Scores of communities across the nation over the last ... more Robot solves Rubik’s cube in 0.637 seconds 11/14/2016 Six hundred milliseconds - six-tenths of a second - is not a ... more Cancer vaccine a draw in Cuba 11/15/2016 Zuby Malik is an unlikely candidate to violate international law. A 78-year-old ... more Drugs for cholesterol show promise 11/16/2016 If there is one thing decades of studies with tens of thousands ... more Trump about to learn ‘our deep secrets’ 11/13/2016 One of the most important phases of the transition to power for ... more Recent article comments» View more comments» Comments powered by Disqus The Bulletin Contact Us Staff Directory Advertise with Us Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Connect with The Bulletin Subscriptions New Subscription Vacation Hold Back Copies Share Because You Care Newspapers In Education Subscription Rates General Account Help Our Partners Baker City Herald La Grande Observer Northeast Oregon Classifieds Union Democrat Del Norte Triplicate Curry Coastal Pilot Central Oregon Nickel Bend Homes Northwest Web Press Quick Links Digital Newsstand Special Ad Sections Restaurant Guide Obituaries TV Listings Movie Listings ODOT Web Cams Oregon Lottery Parade Magazine Submit an Event Submit a worship service Photos Submit Photos View Reader Photos View Bulletin Photos Purchase Photos Explore more of Central Oregon with a subscription to The Bulletin. Subscribe © 2016 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | webmaster@bendbulletin.com | 541-382-1811 Quick links Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Manage Account ODOT Web Cams Movie Listings Restaurant Guide Submit Photos Submit an Event © 2016 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | webmaster@bendbulletin.com | 541-382-1811
Customer Care Contact Us Staff Directory Circulation Redeliver Paper Vacation Hold Online Access Help Newsroom Corrections News Tip Letters to the Editor You Said It Media Kit Place a Classified Subscribe Login Register 23° F Clear Wind SE at 2 MPH Pressure 1031 MB Dewpoint 18° F Visibility 8 miles Area forecast >     Home Weather Breaking News Columnists Obituaries Magazines Coupons Oil & Gas RSS Contests News Western Colorado Colorado U.S. World Business Blotter Politics 2016 Election Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns You Said It Sports High School CMU GJ Rockies Local Results College Columns Community JUCO Wrestling Outdoors Hiking & Camping Biking Hunting & Fishing Snow Sports Spring Summer Fall Winter Lifestyle Health & Wellness Home & Garden Food Celebrate! Social Junction Cheers! Pets Entertainment Music Movies Television Puzzles & Games Festivals and Events Blogs Let's Get Dirty Music on the Goe Birds and More Photos & Video All Photo Galleries All Videos Sandstone to Summit Directories Downtown Grand Junction Local Business Churches Events Ask a Pro Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Cars • Articles/Galleries/Videos • Classifieds • Business Directory Tip: Use quotation marks to search for articles. SHARE Blotter, Sept. 5, 2016 By Staff Monday, September 5, 2016 Suspects steal credit card, use it in shopping spree Crime Stoppers of Mesa County is seeking the public’s help to identify two female suspects who stole a credit card and used it to go on a shopping spree. The card was stolen in May from a vehicle that was parked in the 700 block of Horizon Drive. The stolen card was used at several businesses including Walmart, Target and Walgreens on purchases that totaled more than $700. Anyone with information in the case should contact Crime Stoppers at 241-7867. Information leading to an arrest can earn a cash reward of up to $1,000. Tips are anonymous. For information, visit Crime Stoppers at http://www.stop.com.   According to the Mesa County Sheriff’s Office: ■ Matthew Allen Parks, 30, was arrested Saturday on suspicion of a felony charge of drug distribution involving special circumstances, driving with a retsrained license, not having insurance and careless driving.   According to the Grand Junction Police Department: ■ Cody Andrews, 27, received a summons on suspicion of theft of less than $50 at a business in the 2800 block of North Avenue on July 23. ■ Ashley Lang, 34, was arrested Aug. 29 on a felony warrant. ■ Kadin McPherson, 19, received a summons on suspicion of being in possession of marijuana by an underage person in the 900 block of North Avenue on Aug. 30. ■ Walter Burbridge, 46, received a summons on suspicion of shoplifting items valued at less than $50 at Walmart, 2545 Rimrock Ave., on Thursday. ■ Richard Spurrier, 51, received a summons on suspicion of trespassing in the 600 block of South Ninth Street on Thursday. ■ Chase Hernandez, 18, and Jordan Longhofer, 18, received summonses on suspicion of being in possession of marijuana by underage persons after they were contacted in the 800 block of Elm Avenue on Thursday. COMMENTS Commenting is not available in this channel entry. TOP JOBS Newspaper Routes BUSINESS OPPORTUNITYWould you like to deliver newspapers as an Indep... Delivery Route BUSINESS OPPORTUNITYWould you like to deliver newspapersa... Roofer - Full Time Full Time Roofer SUMMARY: Responsible for repair of roofs on all dist... Independent Contractor BUSINESS OPPORTUNITYWould you like to deliver newspapers as an Indep... Physical Therapist, Rn Hedis Medical Record Retrieval Coordinator, Rn Home Health - Ft, Pt Or Prn Rocky Mountain Health Plans is hiring for the following postions: Physica... Dietary Aide/wait Staff La Villa Grand Care Center is hiring for Must be at least 18 years of... Search More Jobs GJSENTINEL.COM Sections • Grand Junction News • Grand Junction Weather • Grand Junction Opinion • Grand Junction Sports • Grand Junction Lifestyle • Grand Junction Entertainment • Grand Junction Blogs • Grand Junction Obituaries Contact • Staff directory • Send a news tip • Corrections • Report a broken link • Submit a letter to the Editor • Submit a You Said It • Sign up for Email Updates Marketplace • Grand Junction Classifieds • Find Grand Junction Jobs • Grand Junction Real Estate • Grand Junction Rentals • Grand Junction Cars • Place an ad THE DAILY SENTINEL 734 S. Seventh St. Grand Junction, CO 81501 970-242-5050; M-F 8:00 - 5:00 Editions • Subscribe to print edition • E-edition Advertisers • Advertiser Tearsheet • Information © 2016 Grand Junction Media, Inc. By using this site you agree to the Visitor Agreement and the Privacy Policy
The Spokesman-Review Menu Log in Register Obits E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review Home News Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Blogs Classifieds LocalRegionalIdahoNation/WorldVoices Business Health Elections Today's News Archives E-Edition Data Projects Local Guides Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Births Announcements Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Sitemap » OpinionLetters Features HomeFoodHealthBoomer U Spokane7.com Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Local area guides Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Sports HomeSportslink Blog High School Sports Outdoors EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Basketball WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire Blog Home Clarksville Editor's notes Extra Credit Eye On Boise Getting There Huckleberries Online On Tap Outdoors blog Photo blog Sirens & Gavels Spin Control Spokane 7 Spokane Valley SportsLink The Slice The Tech Deck Too Many Cooks Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Weddings Birthdays/Anniversaries GoShopping FEATURED » Reader photos S-R Podcast Gonzaga basketball WSU football Menu Search Contact Contact Fri., Nov. 18, 2016 30˚ Sports Matt Pare', left, and teammate Adam Sonabend accept meager living circumstances. (John McDonnell / Washington Post) SUNDAY, SEPT. 4, 2016, 10:22 P.M. Thousands of minor leaguers survive on baseball earnings below poverty line Washington Post Twitter Facebook Email Reddit AUGUSTA, Ga. – They trickled into the mid-July night, a rain-shortened loss beginning their Friday night early. A 25-year-old catcher hung back. Matt Paré chatted with teammates and underwent a long treatment session as other Augusta GreenJackets players exited through a clubhouse door wedged open with a broken bat. He kept himself awake with a marathon shower. By the time Paré dressed, he had the clubhouse to himself, along with what was left of the GreenJackets’ postgame buffet. “What have we got, Sarge?” he called toward clubhouse manager Kristopher Nichols, a former Army drill sergeant who appreciates – and usually rewards – Paré’s resourcefulness. Paré is the oldest player for the San Francisco Giants’ Class A affiliate, and he begins most homestands by waiting out his teammates in order to stockpile free food. Far away from major league baseball’s mighty salaries and Hollywood glitz, Paré is among the thousands of minor leaguers who survive on baseball earnings below the federal poverty line. Baseball has in recent years parlayed renewed popularity into record earnings, leveraging apparel and media demands into $9.5 billion in revenue last year; its 30 franchises averaged $23 million in profits in 2015, and many of its minor league affiliates saw attendance figures and team values continue a steady climb. But the overwhelming majority of players in professional baseball’s extensive player development system never see a cut of that wealth. More than 80 percent of draft picks will never reach the big leagues, and most live on salaries of less than $10,000 per season; the starting salary for a first-year player, paid only during the regular season, is $1,100 a month. “You always question yourself: Should I be doing this?” said Paré, who says he is making about $7,500 in salary during this 22-week season – a little more than $340 a week, or about $8.50 an hour. Paré shares a two-bedroom apartment with three teammates. He has, in four years as a professional ballplayer, accumulated a mountain of credit card debt. His experience is typical among players on professional baseball’s ground floor, highlighting that financial struggle is, as much as promotional nights and floodlit nostalgia, a minor league tradition. One that might, according to a lawsuit filed against Major League Baseball two years ago, violate federal and state minimum wage laws. “The organization traces its roots to the nineteenth century,” reads the suit, filed in a California district court and led by 41 former players. “Unfortunately for many of its employees, its wage and labor practices remain stuck there.” MLB has denied that its organizational structure is unlawful, saying it provides opportunity to thousands of young athletes who want to make it to the big leagues. Indeed, many players say the sacrifices are worth it. “In reality I just wanted a chance,” said Wilmer Difo, a Dominican-born player who, before being called up by the Washington Nationals last year, spent five seasons in the minor leagues and spent the majority of the 2013 season sleeping on an air mattress in an apartment with five other players. “That’s everyone’s dream, to get to the major leagues. But it’s not always going to be like that. Not everyone. Unfortunately, not everyone, but there are a lot of people that depend on it anyway.” Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred indicated to reporters in July that additional regulation could ultimately lead to smaller minor league rosters or fewer teams. The lawsuit has nonetheless turned a spotlight on a shadowy corner of a game in which players routinely put in 60-hour work weeks and face continual personal and professional obstacles in the name of chasing a dream. Athletes from Latin America are particularly at risk. Many come to the United States from impoverished backgrounds with little or no knowledge of English, and lack both the cultural understanding of life in the country and network of family and friends that can help ease the burden. They are guaranteed a salary, health insurance and not much else. But there are reasons they keep playing: Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher Clayton Kershaw’s $33.8 million annual salary is the game’s richest, and the average major league player earns $4.4 million per season. When the GreenJackets’ season began, their highest salary belonged to Adam Sonabend, an undrafted 24-year-old catcher. His biweekly paycheck, after taxes, is $671. That’s enough for Sonabend to have his own bedroom, which is more than his three roommates can say. GreenJackets pitchers Michael Connolly and Jake McCasland share a room, and Paré sleeps on a mattress on the dining room floor. Before heading home on this July night, Paré loaded a serving bin with chicken thighs and vegetarian lasagna; Nichols encouraged him to take as much as he wants. At nearly midnight, Paré finally headed for the clubhouse door, carrying his bounty with both hands. Only enough to eat Barb Rothstein used to stay up late after her husband went to bed, opening beers and listening to the young men’s stories. Barb and Bob invited the first of the players on the Norwich Navigators, at the time a New York Yankees Class AA affiliate, to live rent-free in their Connecticut basement in 1996. Two years later, after visiting a few Latin American prospects’ apartment shocking for both its grime and the landlord’s price gouging, there were a dozen players and two wives spread through the house on futons, a mattress in their living room, sharing a room with their son. “I’m not the warm and fuzzy type,” Barb would say much later. “But there was something about their living situations that I just couldn’t stand.” Some of the tales common on the minor league circuit are amusing: how smaller prospects sometimes climb into the team bus’s luggage bin to sleep, the way a good meal on the road is a jug of peanut butter before flies or sweaty fingers contaminate it, that it was a good bet the team’s bat boys were paid more per hour than the players. “I would be very confident to say that anyone working in that stadium was making more than we were, no matter what job they had,” said Brett Newsome, a former Nationals farmhand and one of dozens of current and former minor leaguers interviewed for this story. Newsome is among the co-plaintiffs in the lawsuit against MLB. Players travel with air mattresses, sometimes the only constant in a life of change, and essentials aren’t easy to come by. One former first-round draft pick said teammates often asked him to “over-order” baseball equipment from sponsors and distribute the extras within the clubhouse. Luxuries are even rarer: A trick known throughout the minors is to buy a television from Walmart, use its box as a stand and return the TV on the 89th day of a 90-day return policy for a refund. Other stories are sad. Many of the Dominican players had been discovered in their early teens by buscónes, or searchers, the unlicensed scouts who work on commission and compel young and hopeful athletes to abandon their educations to play baseball full-time. The controversial system, in which players guarantee the buscón up to half of any future signing bonus in exchange for exposure to major league teams, is an inexpensive way for franchises to expand their scouting networks and for poverty-stricken families to go all-in on a high-risk gambit. If a player does eventually sign, he is sent to some faraway outpost to begin the climb through baseball’s ranks. From there they attempt to gain footing in a new culture and are taught to play ball without complaints while nonetheless sending portions of their meager earnings to their families back home. Difo said he made between $400 and $500 every two weeks — or, he said in Spanish, “only enough to eat” after sending his mother a couple hundred dollars from each paycheck — until his salary multiplied six-fold when he was added in 2014 to the Nationals’ 40-man roster. Another former player, the Venezuela-born pitcher Jose Mejias, signed with the Philadelphia Phillies at age 16 and spoke so little English he only felt comfortable communicating with hand gestures. After a few months, teammates started calling him “El Mudo,” or The Mute. John Wesley, a former minor league player and pitching coach, said he used to sneak water to Dominican players because their apartment’s tap output was brown and the young men could not spare $1.50 for a bottle. “These poor kids,” said Wesley, who coached in the Toronto Blue Jays system. “It’s a pyramid scam: Everything goes to the top. Nothing comes down.” The Rothsteins, one of many host families who offer housing to minor leaguers, fit dozens of players in their 2,000-square foot house until a few years ago. Barb said they came to love their guests, and when one player moved up the ladder or gave up the dream, another took his place. In 2008, after the Giants took over the Norwich team, a tall 24-year-old pitcher named Garrett Broshuis moved in. He was from small-town Missouri and bookish, and like Barb, he too collected stories. Every once in a while, as he and Barb shared a few of their favorites, he’d wonder aloud if the system would ever change. Challenging a system Broshuis’s office window overlooks downtown St. Louis and the Mississippi River, a wall decorated with reminders of an old life and a new one: his rookie card next to his admittance to the Missouri Bar Association. “I still love the game,” Broshuis said, though a decade after signing a contract to play professional baseball, he was declaring war on it. In February 2014, he filed the lawsuit against MLB, its 30 franchises and former Commissioner Bud Selig. In it, he referred to the league as a “cartel.” A former all-American at Missouri, he had tried, years earlier, to keep quiet and play. When a group of fans in Norwich watched him push-start the broken-down pickup he shared with a teammate, he shook it off as paying his dues. When he invited his then-girlfriend to his meager apartment, finding a room flooded by a neighbor’s toilet upstairs, he assured himself brighter days awaited. He chronicled his experiences in articles for the Sporting News, though he squashed the grittier anecdotes and submitted the entries to the Giants for approval. But as the years passed, the stories ate away at his resolve: the Venezuelan teammate who struggled each month to send $20 back home to his pregnant girlfriend, the young pitchers worrying each month about how they’d pay their student loans. He was told by team officials that he was lucky to play, that the system had been in place for decades, that if he wanted to make more money, he should get better. Four days after his final game in 2009, he took the Law School Admission Test and was later accepted into Saint Louis University’s law school. He spoke with professors about a long-term plan to challenge a system that succeeded in part because the hopeful and desperate athletes continued to accept it for one prevailing reason: They always had. MLB filed an answer to the suit last year, denying the allegations in Broshuis’ complaint. A league spokesman declined an interview request for this story, referring the Washington Post to a June statement comparing players to “artists, musicians and other creative professionals who are exempt from the Fair Labor Standards Act.” “Like those professionals,” the MLB statement went on, “it is simply impractical to treat professional athletes as hourly employees.” Ways to cut costs Paré was on his 38th consecutive hour awake – games on consecutive nights and in stadiums 426 miles apart, one pitch to the head in the first one, a nine-hour bus ride in which he wasn’t allowed to sleep because he was being evaluated for a possible concussion – and now it was approaching midnight. He put the leftover chicken and lasagna into the fridge, and when he opened the sliding pantry door it fell off the track. “Believe it or not,” he said of the apartment, “the last place was worse.” In this complex west of town, roughly 10 units are filled – packed, in some cases – with GreenJackets players and coaches. In here, the air conditioning rumbles and the front door must be slammed to close; Paré sat on carpet singed in places by a previous tenant, examining the lens on his video camera. All four players in this second-floor apartment hold second jobs at least part of the year. Connolly works construction during offseasons, McCasland is a substitute teacher and Sonabend spends part of the morning hours organizing online inventory for a pharmaceutical company. None pays especially well, but they provide enough financial oxygen to keep the dream alive. Paré makes YouTube videos that poke fun at the plight of a “homeless minor leaguer,” a light-hearted look at the lonely hours and inelegant lifestyle the common fan rarely sees. “You can sponsor a player right now,” he implores viewers in one video inspired by those old “Save the Children” ads. Paré ends most videos by soliciting donations, and a good month – he collected $83 in July – means he doesn’t have to negotiate food prices at Waffle House. A 26th-round draft pick out of high school by Houston in 2009, Paré elected to play at Boston College rather than accept the Astros’ offer, which he said included a $200,000 signing bonus. He tore a meniscus as a sophomore, and scouts never viewed him the same. He wasn’t drafted after his junior and senior seasons, but after a tryout in June 2013, the Giants offered him a contract – this one offering $1,000 to sign. He met Sonabend, another undrafted former college catcher, at a voluntary camp last year before spring training. They traded stories and agreed that luck and persistence had led them to the professional ranks. Sonabend reached Class AA Richmond last season, collecting a salary increase because of service time at a higher level, and this spring they were assigned to Augusta. Sonabend and Paré agreed to room together with Connolly and McCasland, collaborating on ways to cut costs: Paré sleeping in the dining room because the other residents pay for the internet, Sonabend buying eggs a few times a week in exchange for use of Paré’s SUV. Evenings are spent at the ballpark or at fan events; Paré has perfected the art of asking boosters for donations. This year the roommates have scored eyedrops, a few jugs of coffee, laundry detergent, a sofa and a potholder set. As Friday turned to Saturday, Paré not yet able to wind down, Connolly and McCasland came in through the front door and one of them wrestled it closed. “I brought lasagna!” Paré announced, but his roommates had stopped at a restaurant on the way home. Connolly wished he had known. “That could’ve saved me some bucks,” the 24-year-old pitcher said. Paré returned his attention to the camera, a few ideas in mind for new videos, and Connolly approached the pantry. The door again fell off the track, and Connolly slammed it. “This whole place is a joke,” he said, and all Paré could do was laugh. Waiting for the phone to ring Paré was living rent-free in a cousin’s spare bedroom last fall when the email arrived: “The purpose of this Notice,” it read, “is to inform you of the existence of a collective action lawsuit against Major League Baseball.” A group of former minor leaguers had formed a movement against the league, and hundreds more were adding their names. He thought about it and talked to people he trusted. He read articles about the attorney who had once played for the same organization now leading a charge against MLB. Paré wondered if, like the 1968 uprising that ultimately led to free agency, a victory here would be good for the game. And in the end, he couldn’t be certain it would. He believed the Giants (who through a spokeswoman declined to comment for this article) and MLB had, all told, been good to him. Around 2,300 current and former players would opt-in on the suit, but Paré would not be one of them. He didn’t want to take a side. He reported for spring training last February, reconnecting with Sonabend and Connolly, who also received the email but refused to add their names. “If I signed it,” Connolly said, “it would almost be like me not appreciating the opportunity.” Sonabend saw it similarly. “I knew what I was getting into,” he said, “and I worked for it anyway.” Last month, a California magistrate judge stripped the suit of its conditional class-action status. A setback, Broshuis admitted, but earlier this month the same judge granted a request to reconsider the class certification; a hearing is scheduled for Dec. 2. For now, Broshuis and the 41 co-plaintiffs wait, and for different reasons so do the young men in the apartment in west Augusta: Paré increasingly realistic about his baseball fate, Sonabend seeing how a former baseball castaway can climb, Connolly defiantly hopeful that the phone will someday ring, a voice on the other end inviting him to a higher level in the game and a better lifestyle. “It’s only going to be a couple years and you filter out,” Connolly said, “or you get that paycheck everybody dreams about.” Published: Sept. 4, 2016, 10:22 p.m.  Tags: baseball, minor leagues Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Unlimited Digital Access Print edition home delivery Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2016, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Close Sections Home News Local News Regional News Idaho News Nation/World Business Community Voices Opinion Opinion Letters Features Features Home  Food Health Boomer U Spokane 7 Entertainment Calendar On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Movie Showtimes Contests Sports Sports Home  Outdoors Sportslink Blog Gonzaga Basketball High School Sports WSU Cougar Basketball EWU Eagles Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire GU Board EWU Eagles Football WSU Cougar Football Spokane Indians Blogs Blogs Home  Clarksville Editor's notes Extra Credit Eye On Boise Getting There Huckleberries Online On Tap Outdoors blog Photo blog Sirens & Gavels Spin Control Spokane 7 Spokane Valley SportsLink The Slice The Tech Deck Too Many Cooks Classifieds Obituaries Classifieds Homes Jobs Autos Weddings GoShopping E-Edition Sitemap Profile Log in Create account Customer Service Close Contact the Spokesman Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 Back to Spokesman Mobile
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Health People Food Beaches Puzzles Family Fashion Home & Garden Travel Best of OC Pets Halloween Over 8 days and all over California, thousands of first responders prepare for the Big One Court approves release of O.C. jail deputies' notes Winter blend arrives, lowering gas prices in Orange County OC Fair to lobby state for permission to conduct 50-50 raffles Angels' Mike Trout wins 2016 American League MVP Ryan Kesler's hot hand lifts Ducks over Devils, 3-2 Miller: Deserving Mike Trout speechless after AL MVP win Bonsignore: An early-morning vision begins to become reality as Rams break ground on new stadium Post-election rate spike will reverse course Tustin home designed by Cliff May, 'father of the California ranch house,' snatched up in 10 days Winter blend arrives, lowering gas prices in Orange County Classic cars up for sale at Mecum Auction through Saturday Bruce Cameron's 'A Dog's Purpose' is the new Register Book Club selection Things to do in Orange County Nov. 18-19 How 'Fantastic Beasts' takes Eddie Redmayne to a time before Harry Potter Meet the characters and beasts of 'Fantastic Beasts' Top news Life Street Style: See what O.C. kids are wearing as they go back to school Sept. 4, 2016 Updated Sept. 5, 2016 1:24 p.m. 1 of 14 Maetri Shah's shirt came from Justice. "It cost $20," she said. I'm not sure what the symbol on the front means. Maybe that it's time to watch TV." BILL ALKOFER, STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER 1 of 14 KeLi Harmston's outfit is resplendent with puppies and dogs of many breeds. She got it at Justice. "It probably cost $9 dollars." BILL ALKOFER, STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER 1 of 14 KeiLi Harmston's outfit is punctuated with a backpack featuring a Parisian puppy. “We own a Jack Russell beagle,” she said. “He's a pretty good jumper. I like dogs of all kinds. I'll probably be a vet. The backpack came from Target and I suppose it cost 15 dollars.” BILL ALKOFER, STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER 1 of 14 Madison Morrill figures that someday she'll ride horses in a rodeo. I usually ride Holly or Maggie at camp. Her dress and vest are from Target. "I got the boots at Justice. I think that they cost about $200 dollars." BILL ALKOFER, STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER 1 of 14 Josiah Moreira got a new pair of Vans shoes. “Skateboarders use them. But these are my school shoes. I have running shoes. I can go a lot faster in them. My haircut is new, and this shirt has a pocket that I can put my money in. I have $26.” BILL ALKOFER, STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER 1 of 14 Amber Palmer's cowgirl boots are new. “They cost 25 dollars. But this is my Easter dress. Easter is my favorite holiday. I'm looking forward to making eggs with writing on them. Every year we go on Easter egg hunts in a different place. ... I like the jewel on the front of my dress.” BILL ALKOFER, STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER 1 of 14 Gideon Buinicky said that all of his clothes are new on the first day of school. "This is a plaided shirt and the shorts have lots of pockets to carry toys. Mom got them at Walmart." Gideon was most excited about his shoes, however. "These Skechers have memory foam so I'll probably be able to run faster this year." BILL ALKOFER, STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER 1 of 14 Star Wars fan Aryck Marquez got a bag imprinted with the BB-8, Poe Dameron's loyal droid. "My mom got it at the mall. It think it cost about $40." BILL ALKOFER, STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER 1 of 14 Sam Johnson wore a pair of Old Navy jeans and a shirt from Volcom. He wasn't really sure what "Volcom" means. (It used to mean "Youth Against Establishment" but the company changed it to "True To This" two years ago.) BILL ALKOFER, STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER 1 of 14 Maetri Shah's shirt came from Justice. "It cost $20. I'm not sure what the symbol on the front means. Maybe that it's time to watch TV." BILL ALKOFER, STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER 1 of 14 Payton Eden's sparkly outfit were gifts. "Nana got the shirt on sale in New York. It probably cost $30. And the skirt was a birthday present." BILL ALKOFER, STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER 1 of 14 Aubrey Lowe wore a pink dress, with a pink ribbon in her hair. She had her nails painted pink for the first day of school. "But my favorite color is green," she said. BILL ALKOFER, STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER 1 of 14 Local clothing companies RVCA and Volcom dominated the t-shirt landscape at Arovista. Landen Templeton's RVCA shirt accentuated his teal shorts. "I think it cost $26 at Tilly's". We asked Landen what "RVCA" means. "Hmmm...Rutabagas in Vans keep California Active." Close. The combination of Greek and Latin letters translate into "clothing." RVCA is pronounced "Ruca" - Latino slang for girlfriend. BILL ALKOFER, STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER 1 of 14 Priscilla Murillo got the skirt and dress at Target and the shoes at Walmart. Her outfit features characters from Shopkins toys. "I guess that the skirt was on sale for about $10 dollars and the shoes probably cost $20. I really don't like to shop, but I like the Shopkins." BILL ALKOFER, STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER View slideshow Maetri Shah's shirt came from Justice. "It cost $20," she said. I'm not sure what the symbol on the front means. Maybe that it's time to watch TV." BILL ALKOFER, STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER By STAFF Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF The verdict is in: Justice now rules the world of schoolgirl fashion. The Justice stores for girls have edged ahead of Target and Walmart as the place to get cool school clothes. However, the Target Dog still wears the crown for boys’ clothing. Street Style visited third-graders on the first day of school at Arovista Elementary in Brea to see what they were wearing to begin the year. Local shirt companies Volcom and RVCA have left Hollister in the dust. Puppies adorn the book bags for girls. For the boys, “Star Wars” and camouflage reign. Check out our slideshow for this back-to-school edition of Street Style. Related Links Street Style: Students defining fashion at Santiago Canyon College Street Style photos: What's fashionable in Old Town Orange? Street Style: Cool fashion on display at UC Irvine campus Street Style: An artistic flair for fashion at the Sawdust Art Festival Street Style: The Lab Anti-Mall in Costa Mesa Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular O.C. Sheriff's Department searching for 2 in suspected auto, check scam Taxi driver gets year in jail for Newport Beach hit-run Veteran who died at Doheny gets 'dignified end' after friends, strangers put together det A woman was found dead Huntington Beach in 1968. Who was this Jane Doe? Over 8 days and all over California, thousands of first responders prepare for the Big On Related Links Street Style: Students defining fashion at Santiago Canyon College Street Style photos: What's fashionable in Old Town Orange? Street Style: Cool fashion on display at UC Irvine campus Street Style: An artistic flair for fashion at the Sawdust Art Festival Street Style: The Lab Anti-Mall in Costa Mesa User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. Over 8 days and all over California, thousands of first responders prepare for the Big One Court approves release of O.C. jail deputies' notes Winter blend arrives, lowering gas prices in Orange County OC Fair to lobby state for permission to conduct 50-50 raffles Angels' Mike Trout wins 2016 American League MVP Ryan Kesler's hot hand lifts Ducks over Devils, 3-2 Miller: Deserving Mike Trout speechless after AL MVP win Bonsignore: An early-morning vision begins to become reality as Rams break ground on new stadium Post-election rate spike will reverse course Tustin home designed by Cliff May, 'father of the California ranch house,' snatched up in 10 days Winter blend arrives, lowering gas prices in Orange County Classic cars up for sale at Mecum Auction through Saturday Bruce Cameron's 'A Dog's Purpose' is the new Register Book Club selection Things to do in Orange County Nov. 18-19 How 'Fantastic Beasts' takes Eddie Redmayne to a time before Harry Potter Meet the characters and beasts of 'Fantastic Beasts' Top news Education » Early Thanksgiving feast brings students, teachers together at Irvine school Voters support school upgrade measures Playgrounds at Lake Forest Elementary to receive new flooring BUSINESS » Post-election rate spike will reverse course Tustin home designed by Cliff May, 'father of the California ranch house,' snatched up in 10 days Winter blend arrives, lowering gas prices in Orange County O.C. Watchdog » Sheriff wants to keep jailhouse informant notes secret State watchdog widens investigation into Supervisor Andrew Do's taxpayer-funded mailers Coin dealer jailed, but victims of his nearly $18 million scam may not get their money back Health Care » Newport Beach doctor who faked own death pleads guilty to fleeing CSUF aims to strengthen its off-campus biotechnology presence Nurse who ran Laguna Niguel day spa agrees to guilty plea to injecting Botox not approved for use in the U.S. ENTERTAINMENT » Bruce Cameron's 'A Dog's Purpose' is the new Register Book Club selection Things to do in Orange County Nov. 18-19 How 'Fantastic Beasts' takes Eddie Redmayne to a time before Harry Potter Food » Thanksgiving recipes: Sides & desserts Christmas cookies in a crunch Best Thing I Ate This Week: Salmon at Farmhouse in Roger's Gardens TELEVISION » Heather Dubrow says 'Housewives' reunions are 'brutal' Robert Vaughn, suave 'Man from U.NCL.E.' star, dies at 83 This week's TV highlights Special Sections » OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 100 Top Workplaces 2015 Featured Multimedia SLIDESHOW » Classic cars up for sale at Mecum Auction through Saturday SLIDESHOW » Tustin home designed by Cliff May, 'father of the California ranch house,' snatched up in 10 days CARTOONS » Cartoons: Draining the swamp SLIDESHOW » Meet Santa Ana Zoo's 'Dr. Dolittle' who talks to the animals LATEST RHOC VIDEO » Heather Dubrow says 'Housewives' reunions are 'brutal' VIDEO » USC's offensive line faces stiff test against UCLA's sack-happy front Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2016 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
null
Recent Posts Google harshly punishes Pixel resellers, ultimately lifts ‘digital death penalty’ Xiaomi Mi MIX Nano tipped for launch by year’s end with 5.5-inch ‘edgeless’ display All-new Mophie Juice Pack Moto Mod will snap on to your Moto Z for extra 3,000 mAh batery LeEco’s first US Black Friday sale will include $279 Le Pro 3 phone, free Le S3 with select TVs 2-in-1 HP Elite x2 Windows 10 tablet launches on Verizon out of the blue Recent Comments Anonymous on Google and Facebook take important steps to subdue online fake news circulation Anonymous on Xiaomi Mi MIX Nano tipped for launch by year’s end with 5.5-inch ‘edgeless’ display Anonymous on Xiaomi Mi MIX ‘concept phone’ with edgeless design is real, coming soon at $515 and up Anonymous on Amazon previews even more in-house gear holiday deals, stretching Black Friday shopping to 35 days Anonymous on Google PhotoScan helps you digitize those old instant snaps Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 Categories Android BlackBerry Interview iOS Phones Reviews Tablets Uncategorized Wearables webOS Windows Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org logo sidebar Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Navigation Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Android 11 Apple Music gift card drops yearly subscription fee from $120 to $100 by Adrian DiaconescuSeptember 5, 2016 11:56 am Contents Full Article Rating Comments Advertisement Discounts ahead of highly anticipated product announcement events? That doesn’t sound like Apple’s modus operandi at all, yet two days before the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are finally brought to light, Cupertino’s music streaming service becomes cheaper than ever. Of course, that’s not as simple as it sounds, and you can’t just sign up to a new $8 a month Apple Music subscription. Instead, gift cards, both physical and virtual, are available starting today at $99, covering one year of premium, no-ad, unlimited tunes for your iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Mac, Windows PC, or Android device. Normally, you’d pay $9.99 every 30 days on a standard single license, which amounts to a slightly steeper $120 (technically, $119.88) a year. $99 works out to $8.25 a month, arguably a not-so-hefty deduction that’s still something, not to mention extremely unusual for Apple, and perhaps most importantly, it undercuts arch-rival Spotify. 12-month Apple Music access codes can be obtained online from Walmart and PayPal, as well as in physical Apple stores nationwide. A similar offer is on across the pond, for British audio streamers, who get the service at £100 instead of £120, full advance one-year payment also required. Your move, Spotify. Source: 9To5Mac Advertisement likethis What's your reaction? Love It 0% Like It 0% Want It 0% Had It 0% Hated It 0% Posted In Android, iOS, Phones, Tablets, Wearables, Windows Tags Apple, Apple Music, Deals, gift cards, iOS, membership, News, subscription Apple, Apple Music, Deals, gift cards, iOS, membership, News, subscription About The Author Adrian Diaconescu Adrian has had an insatiable passion for writing since he was in school and found himself writing philosophical essays about the meaning of life and the differences between light and dark beer. Later, he realized this was pretty much his only marketable skill, so he first created a personal blog (in Romanian) and then discovered his true calling, which is writing about all things tech (in English). You might also like AppleApple MusicDealsiOSNewsAndroidiOSPhonesTabletsWearables   Read More Some Touch Disease repairs will be warrantied by Apple for $149 deductible   Read More In-depth: further details about KGI’s iPhone 8 trio include dual-OIS cameras for Plus   Read More An iPhone made in the USA? Apple may have convinced Foxconn to move   Read More Late November or sometime in December? Apple AirPods launch date still anyone’s guess   Read More China Consumers Association publicly questions Apple over iPhone 6 and 6s bricking   Read More Three iPhone 8 models again foreshadowed, one OLED, and two with TFT LCD screens Advertisement Recent Posts Sort   Google harshly punishes Pixel resellers, ultimately lifts ‘digital death penalty’ Xiaomi Mi MIX Nano tipped for launch by year’s end with 5.5-inch ‘edgeless’ dis... All-new Mophie Juice Pack Moto Mod will snap on to your Moto Z for extra 3,000 mAh batery LeEco’s first US Black Friday sale will include $279 Le Pro 3 phone, free Le S3 with select... 12345 1234 Recommended Videos Connect with Pocketnow Advertisement Recent Podcast Episodes Sort   OnePlus Rumors, Samsung Strategies, and would you date a Canadian? | #PNWeekly 226 Hot Takes on the Huawei Mate 9 and more… after dark | #PNWeekly 225 Surface Studio, New MacBook Pro, and Google’s Pixel Packs Power | #PNWeekly 224 12345 1234 Recent Interviews Sort   Interview: Rehan Asad Assistant VP of Broadband Strategy for AT&T on Gigabit Broadband for LA Is Samsung Pay on a non-Samsung phone a pipe dream? Hangin’ with Dr. Cooper: an interview with “the father of the cellphone” 12345 1234 Recent Videos Sort   AT&T Stream Saver debuts next year as an opt-out 480p video limiter HTC Bolt First Impressions: Unboxing Sprint’s Fastest Phone iPhone 7 in Jet White, Galaxy Note 7 Apology & more – Pocketnow Daily 12345 1234 Get in touch About Us Contact Us Tip Us Follow Us ©2016 Pocketnow.com, All rights reserved. Pocketnow.com - Smartphone, Tablet, and Wearable reviews, videos, editorials, and news Compare Go
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store November 18, 2016 9:43 AM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Video Photo Advertisement Consumers seeking alternatives to EpiPen September 7, 2016 12:09 AM Rich Pedroncelli/Associated Press As consumers look for more affordable solutions to the rising price of the EpiPen, the increased cost has brought scrutiny by lawmakers and a public backlash for Mylan. By Patricia Sabatini / Pittsburgh Post-Gazette The firestorm surrounding the spiraling price of Mylan’s EpiPen is fueling interest in lower-cost alternatives to the emergency allergy treatment, including a lesser-known but similar auto-injector that has been on the market since 2013. The rival product, labeled simply as “epinephrine auto-injector,” is the generic version of a small competitor to the market-dominating EpiPen. Although the Adrenaclick brand is no longer produced, market share for the generic version has grown from about 4 percent at the start of the year to around 7 percent recently, according to a spokesman for the device’s owner, Impax Laboratories based in Hayward, Calif. As consumers look for more affordable solutions, the rising price of the EpiPen has brought scrutiny by lawmakers and a public backlash for Mylan, including public rallies, an explosion of criticism on social media, and rebukes and investigations by lawmakers. On Tuesday, New York’s attorney general announced an antitrust probe involving EpiPen sales contracts with schools. Medical officials looking for ways to help their patients cope with the cost of the potentially lifesaving treatment have had few options. Heightened demand for the generic Adrenaclick isn’t hard to understand. While the EpiPen sells for over $600 a pair, the rival device goes for around $200. Both products also offer manufacturer’s coupons that can bring the cost down for consumers. Both the EpiPen and the generic Adrenaclick administer a pre-measured dose of epinephrine to counteract severe allergies to bee stings, peanuts and other foods, with slight differences in the way the medication is delivered, said Jonathan Spergel, an allergist at Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia. “With the EpiPen, you take off one cap, and then you push it. With the Adrenaclick, you take off the cover for the needle and the cap ... so there is an extra step,” Dr. Spergel said. In addition, after the dose is administered, the EpiPen needle is covered. With the Adrenaclick, “You can poke yourself,” he said. “Is that a major issue? No,” he said. With other alternatives limited, “Obviously, interest has increased” in the generic Adrenaclick, said Impax spokesman Mark Donohue, although he declined to divulge sales figures. The cost for the EpiPen has skyrocketed some 500 percent in recent years. Impax Labs, which acquired the rights to the Adrenaclick and its generic version when it bought Amedra Pharmaceuticals in 2015, is using a third party to assemble the auto-injector manually, Mr. Donohue said. The company hopes to have the process automated by the end of next year or the first half of 2018, he said. “While we have product available, the amount we can supply to the market is obviously somewhat limited,” he said, adding that the device is available at pharmacies nationwide, including at Wal-Mart. Dr. Spergel of Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia said that he writes “epinephrine auto-injector” instead of a brand name when prescribing the medication for patients. “I have no personal preference,” he said. As for other options, patients could keep a syringe and vial of epinephrine on hand at a nominal cost, but Dr. Spergel doesn’t recommend it. “The problem is, people have lots of errors drawing up the epinephrine and can misdose,” he said. Mylan recently promised to launch a lower-cost generic EpiPen in the coming weeks that is identical to the brand-name device but with a list price of $300 for a two-pack. Other alternatives could also be on the horizon. They include a generic version of the EpiPen from Teva Pharmaceutical Industries that was rejected by the Food and Drug Administration earlier this year but that the company hopes to launch next year. Some U.S. patients have reported traveling to Canada to buy their EpiPens, where in an environment of government price controls the injectors sell for about $200 a pack. Other frustrated consumers have been turning to online pharmacies based outside the U.S. for cut-rate prescription and over-the-counter medications, although the FDA and other experts advise against the practice. “Rogue sites often sell unapproved drugs, drugs that contain the wrong active ingredient, drugs that may contain too much or too little of the active ingredient, or drugs that contain dangerous ingredients,” the agency warned on its website. Outrage over the escalating cost of the EpiPen has sparked several federal lawsuits by consumers in recent weeks, including one filed last week in U.S. District Court in Pittsburgh challenging Mylan’s practice of selling the medicine only in sets of two “as a pretense for charging unconscionable prices.” Mylan did not respond to emails seeking comment. On Tuesday, New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said a preliminary review had found that Mylan may have broken laws by inserting potentially anticompetitive terms into its EpiPen sales contracts with numerous local school systems. In a statement to Bloomberg News, Mylan said its schools program adheres “to all applicable laws and regulations.” Patricia Sabatini: PSabatini@post-gazette.com. Related Media: Mylan CEO Heather Bresch is named to Fortune’s ‘most powerful’ First Published September 7, 2016 12:05 AM Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Join the conversation: Commenting policy | How to report abuse To report inappropriate comments, abuse and/or repeat offenders, please send an email to socialmedia@post-gazette.com and include a link to the article and a copy of the comment. Your report will be reviewed in a timely manner. Thank you. Commenting policy | How to report abuse Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Email Newsletters Contact Us Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Corrections Technical Help? Products & Services Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Print: Back Copies Become a carrier FAQ Home Delivery Newsstand Rates   Electronic: PGe Copyright © 1997—2016 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Sections News Politics Weather Good Day Trending Traffic Sports Health Entertainment Contests About Us Community WRBW My65 68° © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Fox Television Stations, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad ChoicesPublic File Local News News U.S. World News Unusual Politics News Politics Weather Good Day Trending Traffic Sports Health Entertainment Contests About Us Community WRBW My65 Videos Tanger Outlet Mall opens today Woman struck by tires while loading groceries Search for missing Volusia teenager overnight Photos King of La Calle Car & Bike Show 2016 Graphic novel version of the Holy Bible Ripley's unveils wax figures of Trump © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Fox Television Stations, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad ChoicesPublic File Woman says packages stolen from front porch FOX 35 News at 5 p.m. By: Kelly Joyce Posted:Sep 06 2016 05:52PM EDT Updated:Sep 06 2016 05:56PM EDT Woman says packages stolen from front porch Local News Woman says packages stolen from front porch Desirae Munoz can't believe someone was so bold they stole from her front door in broad daylight Saturday. Related Stories 13-year-old teen missing in Port Orange Mom, daycare workers arrested over missing child Law enforcement fighting crime using social media 5 year anniversary Orlando mom's disappearance VOLUSIA COUNTY, Fla. (WOFL FOX 35) - Desirae Munoz can’t believe someone was so bold they stole from her front door in broad daylight Saturday. She told FOX 35, "It was 4:58, they were in and out. We got home 17  minutes later." Munoz got a message that a package had been delivered and when she realized it wasn’t there, she checked her surveillance video. Watch as a guy in a red car pulls up, grabs 3 boxes from the front door and takes off. The family thinks he drives away in a red Volkswagen. And he had his head covered. She said, "We believe it’s a gentleman just by the way they were dressed. And baggy pants and we do believe there was either a towel or hoodie over their face so, it looked like, it looked like they knew there was a camera." In addition to a box full of birthday gifts for her 3-year-old daughter, other items were taken that had been delivered the same day. She said, "In the amazon box there was an air humidifier for my child ‘s bedroom and in the Walmart box there were four fabric storage bins." Munoz now has a note on her front door asking delivery drivers to get a signature before any packages are dropped off. If you have any information about this case, call the Volusia County Sheriff's Office.     false false false false false false false false false Popular false false false Recent Tanger Outlet Mall opens today in Daytona Beach 13-year-old teen missing in Port Orange Woman struck by tires while loading groceries Former Falcons star tweet about police encounter Ohio woman arrested after allegedly soliciting sex Stories You May Be Interested In – includes Advertiser Stories false false false All content © Copyright 2000-2015 Fox Television Stations, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to Main Content Area Friday, November 18, 2016 | Clear sky, 37.4 °F search Letters Sign in Subscribe Contact Us Front Page News Features Sports Opinion Police Blotter Seattle stands with Standing Rock at Ballard Locks on day of action against DAPL Hundreds of activists gathered in the parking lot of the U.S. Army ... King County Sheriff’s Office asking for help locating family members of fallen Deputies The King County Sheriff’s Office is asking for the public’s help ... Loki Fish Company honored by Martha Stewart’s American Made Program “We don't do anything special, we just take care of them.” ... From the headlines to mainlining: Former NBA star Chris Herren shares his story “I don't know anyone at 15-years-old picturing themselves down the ... Ballard Crime Watch: Woman disturbs trick-or-treaters, arrested for trespassing Masked man robs store, flees with $800 in cash and lotto ... Opinion Amanda's View: "Amanda stands with Trump" Amanda's View: Addiction, face-to-face, part two: Tricks and triggers The Psychic View – Validation Amanda's View: Addiction, face-to-face: Part One Conquering the Homelessness Crisis Amanda's View: Champion Amanda's View: Costumes Amanda's View: International Wrongful Conviction Day Pat's View: Carrying Water Amanda's View: Party Amanda's View: Ritual The Psychic View – A Poetic Farewell Amanda's View: At the intersection of normalcy and public-figure-hood Pat's View: Too School for Cool Amanda's View: Others’ eyes Amanda's View: Renaissance Faire The Psychic View – Worlds Apart What retirement plan? Ballard Millennials talk about their debt Amanda's View: Moving out, moving on What's your bartender really thinking? Amanda's View: What was lost The Psychic View – The Benediction Of Genius Amanda's View: Unity Pat's View: Chewing the Fat Amanda's View: Photographing Women: Waters, Reds, Writings, Wraps Pat's View: Too School for Cool 09/06/2016 By Pat Cashman Remember that universal schoolroom nightmare? It is the one where you show up for class one morning---and discover you have forgotten to wear any clothes. Of course once you awaken, you realize the dream is absurd. Unless you are Tim Kosebud, my long ago fourth grade classmate. He arrived at St. Francis elementary one wintry day---and while taking off his long overcoat ---discovered he had somehow forgotten to don a pair of pants. Since St. Francis was a parochial catholic school, Kosebud was definitely not wearing the recommended uniform. A furtive call to his mother saved the day---as she soon arrived with his pair of salt-and-pepper corduroy pants. (A few years later, Tim got himself into trouble again when he tried to sneak beer into school---and it wasn’t even good beer. Very flat. At least the nun who taught our class said so.) I remembered episodes like those a couple of weeks ago at the 80th anniversary commemoration of that school in Bend, Oregon. Given the honor of emceeing the event, I took some time to think back on old school days, classmates and teachers. Even old food. I remembered a baloney sandwich I had hidden behind a drainpipe during my 7th grade year. I had planned to devour it just after a big test---but forgot. When I checked last week the sandwich was gone---including the baloney. As for the test, it was an essay---and also baloney. The gathering last week brought together former teachers, former faculty, former staff and former students. They were all located through the website FormersOnly.com. There were even three people who had been in the original classes 80 years ago---an amazing occasion. But some people expected to be on hand failed to show up. Tim Kosebud was a no-show---perhaps still embarrassed over the pants incident. Nonetheless, his absence was unexcused. Another old classmate of mine---Danny Heckathorn---did arrive. But he was a bit late and suffering from jet lag. No wonder: He had flown in from Bellingham earlier in the day. I began my presentation by bragging a bit---announcing that I had just signed a three-year deal with Netflix. After the applause died down, I explained just what a great deal it was: The first three months are free, and then it’s just $9.95 a month after that. There had long been a rumor going around that Danny Heckathorn was a straight A student at St. Francis School. But most people did not believe the rumor, so Danny stopped spreading it. I too was not a great student. But perhaps that was because I was not cut out for academia---I wanted to be a dancer. My dream was to be the first-ever male belly dancer. But a brutally honest instructor finally gave me the bad news: I did not have the navel for it. No question about it though: St. Francis School gave many students an important foundation. Webster’s defines foundation as “a supporting undergarment.” So we will always think of the school as the corset of our education. The school opened in 1936---so I asked the assembled group to imagine what the world was like eighty years ago. Think of it. No You Tube. No Facebook. No Instagram, e-Bay, GPS, blogs, Starbucks, Microsoft, Amazon, Wal-Mart, Prozac or Viagra. And no Google---nor Bing. Except for Crosby. There were no zombies on TV. There was no TV. A tweet was the sound a bird made. Even swifts. But there was no Swift named Taylor. 1936 was Kardashian-free---along with Justin Beiber, Adele and Larry the Cable Guy. But if there were a Larry the Cable Guy, the cable would have referred to telegrams, not TV. Real Housewives were real housewives. There were no iPhones, pods or pads---and drone was what certain priests did from the pulpit. Green was just a color, blackberry was a fruit---and phones made calls. Only calls. And they were hooked to a wall. People wrote letters; they did not text. LOL did not stand for anything. A trump was a card you played in bridge. The net was something only used by fishermen, acrobats---and people serving school lunches. And if you heard the words “Harry Potter” you assumed it was referring to a hirsute guy with a kiln. Today, the old St. Francis School has been converted into a hotel---and a brewpub. So Tim Kosebud doesn’t have to sneak beer in anymore. In fact, he is welcome there---as long as he remembers his trousers. pat@patcashman.com Pat can be seen on the sketch TV show “Up Late NW” airing Saturdays following SNL on KING 5---and again Sunday at 11:35pm. Plus many other stations in Washington and Oregon. He also co-hosts a weekly on-line talk show: Peculiarpodcast.com We encourage our readers to comment. No registration is required. We ask that you keep your comments free of profanity and keep them civil. They are moderated and objectionable comments will be removed. View the discussion thread. Submissions Please send us your news tips, photos or ideas of how we can better cover your neigborhood. Email us at tips@ballardnewstribune.com Follow Us On Twitter! Receive updates on news and events in the Ballard neighborhood via Twitter! Web development by Freelock Computing © 2016 Robinson Communications Inc. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Terms Home Delivery Media kit available on request -- contact Donao@robinsonnews.com
Attempted murder suspect captured at Walmart - Beckley, Bluefield & Lewisburg News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY CBS59 News Don Blankenship UBB Case Local News Crime & Punishment International Missing Persons National Virginia Headlines Strange and Unusual News West Virginia Headlines Weather Download the StormTracker59 App 7-Day Forecast Radar - StormTracker 59 Local Temps National Temps Regional Sat/Rad Regional Temperatures School Closings Weather Watches & Warnings Sports 59SportsZone Friday Night Football Scores WV Illustrated Video Community Homecoming 2016 Brilliance of Fall 2016 Community Calendar What's On WVNS CBS/FOX TV Schedule Decision Makers Contests WVNS-TV and Dunkin' Donuts Breakfast Club Give-away About Us Contact Us Meet the Team EEO Files FCC Public Inspection File Tactive Digital Work With Us FOX59 Attempted murder suspect captured at Walmart Posted: Tuesday, September 6, 2016 6:14 PM EDT Updated: Sunday, September 18, 2016 6:14 PM EDT By Douglas Fritz Email Connect dfritz@wvnstv.com An attempted murder investigation in Mercer County from 2015 heated up on Tuesday, Sept. 6, 2016.  Mercer County Sheriff's Deputies have been tracking down Ryan Tilley since he apparently tried to kill Douglas Hager on Redsky Read near Green Valley back in March 2015. (CLICK HERE to read more about the investigation) Investigators said that Tilley had left West Virginia, but were able to follow up on leads that indicated he was in neighboring states.  New information recently came to light that Tilley was back in Mercer County.  As deputies were following up on places he was known to hang out, they received a tip on Tuesday afternoon that he was at the Walmart store in Princeton . Deputies and State Troopers went to the store where they found Tilley.  He ran off and lead them through the store and across the loading dock.  He was eventually captured in the back parking lot.  Deputies said he kept a hand in a backpack during the chase.  Tilley apparently told them he was hoping that he would be shot and killed in the chase. Tilley is expected to be arraigned on Tuesday night.  He will be held in the Southern Regional Jail if he is not able to post bond. WeatherMore>> GO / View Larger >> 7 Day Forecast School Closings Predictor WVNS-TV P.O. Box 509 Ghent, WV 25843 Main (304) 787-5959 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 WorldNow and WVNS Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Login Profile Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Mobile Tablet Links: Bee Home Page WNY Events Classifieds Subscriber Services Advertiser Index Real Estate Weekly Feature  Print Edition  Classifieds  Poll Do you find the town's solar code agreeable? Yes No News Front Page Local News Editorials Police Blotter Sports Lifestyles What's Going On Entertainment Business Legal Notices Links Bee Home Page Contact Info Local Weather WNY Events Services Advertiser Index News Archive Copyright© 2005-2016 Bee Publications Inc. All Rights Reserved Newspaper web site content management software and services 2016-09-07 / Police Blotter Tweet Print Home repeatedly ‘egged’ Saturday, Aug. 27 • Deputies stopped a vehicle on Old Goodrich Road and charged a 27-year-old man with operation of a vehicle with a suspended registration, operating without insurance and aggravated unlicensed operation of a motor vehicle in the third degree. A large group of disorderly people were fighting in the parking lot at Old Country Buffet. Police from several departments dispersed the crowd. Sunday, Aug. 28 • The manager of the Budget Inn called about disorderly patrons that he wanted removed. The subjects were removed. A resident of Salt Road reported that she wanted a friend of her son’s removed from the residence. The man left without an issue. Monday, Aug. 29 • An 18-year-old man was referred to the Clarence Youth Court after he was allegedly discovered in possession of marijuana at the Clarence Soccer Complex after hours. A resident of Michael Douglas Drive reported that someone had egged her house again. Her home has been egged several times this summer. Tuesday, Aug. 30 • A 26-year-old woman was charged with petit larceny and possession of stolen property following a shoplifting incident at Wal-Mart on Transit Road. Also arrested was a 30-year-old woman who was charged with possession of stolen property. A 29-year-old man was arrested for violation of an order of protection following an incident that occurred on Main Street. Wednesday, Aug. 31 • A resident of Westminster Drive reported that a group of teens in masks were throwing rocks and eggs at the house. Deputies responded to an unknown trouble call on Sesh Road. An irate woman refused to speak with patrol when they arrived. Thursday, Sept. 1 • An 85-year-old man was charged with aggravated unlicensed operation of a motor vehicle following a traffic stop on Main Street. His license had been suspended for failing to appear for a Department of Motor Vehicles driver evaluation. Friday, Sept. 2 A 54-year-old woman was charged with driving while intoxicated after leaving her boyfriend’s residence following an argument. She reportedly failed roadside sobriety tests and submitted to a breath test that showed an alleged blood alcohol level of 0.13 percent. She was released to a sober third party. (Editor’s note: The Bee’s police blotter is a sampling of unusual calls received by the police department. It is not intended to be a complete record of all incidents reported.) Return to top Clarence Special Events 2016 Click for schedule Browse Archives
Trending Which States Legalized Marijuana in 2016? Why We Should All Treat Ourselves to Cannabis Baths Cannabis in the Fight Against Breast Cancer Study Suggests Pot Has Been Blamed for Fetal Risks Caused by Tobacco Ask Donald Trump to Support States Cannabis Laws [Petition] How Does Smoking Marijuana Effect Car Insurance? Is Cannabis Harm Reduction? Cypress Hill Announces New Involvment in Marijuana Industry Cypress Hill Officially Enters the Cannabis Industry! Navigate You are at:Home»Ending Marijuana Prohibition»How to Be a Marijuana Dealer — Growing Your Business by TWB - The Weed Blog https://www.theweedblog.com Share. Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Email How to Be a Marijuana Dealer — Growing Your Business 23 By TWB on September 22, 2010 Ending Marijuana Prohibition, Marijuana Tips and Tricks, Opinion I apologize for this taking so long to post, but I wanted to hear from as many people as possible in order to get as many tips as I could. If you have a tip that is not found in this article, PLEASE leave it in the comment section so that others can benefit from your expertise! This is the second part of a three part series that we are doing at TWB. To read the first article, “How to be a Marijuana Dealer — Starting Up,” click this link. This article (the second of a three part series) is about selling marijuana the old fashioned way. If you live in a state that has dispensaries or collectives, then you might not relate to this article anymore, but it is still worth reading to reminisce about the good old days. For the vast majority of Americans, who live in non-medical marijuana dispensary states, buying/selling marijuana on the down low is the only option. I know dozens of active sellers in my part of America, and talk to hundreds of others online, and I have compiled a guide to help others in the industry. My friends and I have a saying here in Oregon, “getting over the hump in the marijuana game.” This ‘hump’ that we refer to, is the point where a marijuana dealer goes from the point of selling for the purpose of free weed, to the point of actually making real money off of sales. If you are at this point of your career, then you should find the information in this article informative and useful. These tips are not arranged in any particular order, but are a collage of various topics I have discussed with friends in person and online. One of the top things to keep in mind is customer service. Tokingchills hit it on the head with his comment on the first post in this series, “You may be breaking the law, but you are still providing a service to the community, and you should be punctual and professional in your deals.” Marijuana sales are no different in this respect than any other item that is sold, from Christmas trees to cars. In most parts of the United States, people have multiple options to replenish their stash, and the reason they will want to give you their business is because you are always on point. Another major factor in growing your business is keeping the supply flowing constantly. I don’t know about the rest of the tokin’ world, but when I was a consumer at the dub and eighth level, I had a long list of guys I could get it from. It was my habit to go through the last guy that hooked me up, unless he was out, at which point I moved on to the next guy. I kept going through him until he was out, etc. If a dealer was never out, then I gave him all my business…unless of course he quit coming correct, but chances are, if a guy ALWAYS has weed, he is usually good about customer service and everything else. Not always, but usually. YOU WANT TO BE THAT TYPE OF DEALER. You never want to tell people they have to wait until you hook up, or that you are going to be dry forever. You want to be able to hook them up every time they need it, in order to grow your reputation. In order to always be in stock, you obviously have to know where to get marijuana at all times. This of course can be a bit tricky. Your buying strategy is going to be largely determined by the amount you buy. If you are buying half ounces and ounces, you are pretty much stuck with buying in your area. It makes no sense to risk life and limb driving far away to get a deal on such a small amount; it is worth just paying the local tax. However, if you are buying quarter pounds or higher, it is advantageous to find an out of town hook-up. The benefits of this go beyond the obvious price break that comes with getting closer to the source. By having an independent hook-up that no one else in your area knows, you can get buds from ‘out of nowhere’ and reap the benefits. It is not a secret that Southern Oregon and Northern California have an abundance of marijuana. If you know someone from this area, whether they are from there or spent any amount of time there (possibly while studying at college), chances are they know growers that are looking for people just like you. Just as you want to buy marijuana, they want to sell marijuana. I can assure you from firsthand experience, marijuana flows like water from Grants Pass to Sacramento. Not all growers are created equal, so hold some tryouts, but I can promise if you come from out of town, you won’t be disappointed. Finding growers in your own area is always a good idea, but not always feasible. Plus, most growers away from the West Coast want a ton of cash for their product, even though they are ‘the source.’ I have often heard the phrase, ‘I had plans for this crop bro’ from these types of growers. Come to Southern Oregon/Northern California, especially in October, and you will never hear anything except, ‘so how much did you want bro?’ This leads into the next tip — quality control. It’s not as easy as it seems. I once thought that having simply ‘the best’ was the only thing that I needed to worry about. However, many dealers explained to me that it resulted in a lot of lost sales because not everyone wants ‘the best’ all the time (or ever for that matter). I know a lot of ‘economical stoners’ that would prefer to get a deal on a half ounce of cheap mids, instead of purchasing two eighths of the supers. Having multiple grades of product is a good idea not only because it fits different consumer demands, but also for strategic purposes. It is inevitable that if a person sells marijuana, they are going to find themselves in a situation where the customer is trying to haggle. The interaction usually goes like this; you show the customer the best product you have and the customer doesn’t want to pay the high price that goes along with a couple bags of the super. If you can tell the customer that you have a lower grade that you can cut a deal on, or that you have the highs if they want to pay extra, then the deal is up to them and there’s no more haggling. Whether you sell mids, supers, mids and supers, etc, just promise me this. NEVER, EVER SELL THE BAMMER…or whatever you call it in your area. Brick, budget, mex, schwag, brown, or whatever, please do not stoop to this level. If this is what you have to resort to in your area, it is time to pack your things and move out west. Don’t get me wrong, there is a lot of crap weed on the West Coast too, but I don’t know ANYONE on the West Coast that still smokes it because of the abundance of goodness everywhere. Knowing the competition is hard to do in a black market industry, but you should do your best. Chances are most of the people you sell to are old classmates, coworkers, and friend of friends. This usually leads to everyone going through the same hook ups because it’s all the same network. Take a look at what people are getting from other hook ups. You never know, it could lead to a better deal for you… Being prepared for ups and downs is one of the biggest secrets to success in the weed game. I wish I had an ounce for every time I heard a rookie dealer say to me, “There’s an unlimited supply of this stuff. I can get it anytime, forever.” These same people are calling me a month later asking if I know of any good hooks around. The fact of the matter is, rarely can someone ALWAYS have product. I know of a ton of sellers in the Fall months due to the flood from Southern Oregon/Northern Cali, but what about when Christmas time comes? Or Spring Break? Or most importantly, in the middle of the hot summer days of August? Solid nuggets are a dime a dozen during harvest time, but that is quite a different story the rest of the year. So how does one prepare for such ups and downs? The first bit of advice is diversifying where you get your herb from, and networking during the ‘up’ months so you know where to find pot during the ‘down’ months. I will use Oregon as an example. If you only know one or two hooks, and they are both out at the same time, you are screwed. But if you know one in Portland, Salem, Eugene, and Medford, and even some weird growers off the beaten path, then you are more likely to score when you need to. There has been many times during the summer when my friends in Southern Oregon would call talking about how dry it is down there, and they wish the fall harvest would hurry up. At the same time, I have friends calling me from Eugene to Portland talking about their indoor crops, and do I know anyone that wants some. Another way to prepare for ups and downs is to hold on to your stack of cash. I have seen so many dealers who were full of promise go down in flames because when the times were good they thought it would never end. These people would spend money like it was going out of style because they ‘had a good week’ and will ‘just make up for it on the next couple of re-ups.’ Then, of course, their hook goes on hiatus for awhile and they have to use their re-up money rent. Had they planned ahead and saved a little during the good times, they would still be hitting the streets. There is a lot of skill and discipline that goes into money management. I know a lot of dealers who are some of the smartest, most talented people I have ever met when it comes to selling, networking, etc. However, when it comes to managing their personal money and their re-up money, an observer would swear they were total idiots. The marijuana game is comprised of many facets, but probably the most important one is the larger the stack of cash, the cheaper you get the pot. The cheaper you get the pot, the more money you make, and the easier it is to sit on and get rid of. Why people spend their whole bank roll on things and forget the cardinal rule, I will never know…I think that if you are a dealer, the best thing you can do with your money is buy more product. After all, it just makes more money, allowing you to buy more product, etc, so why wouldn’t you??? Knowing who to front to and who not to front to, falls under the category of money management for sure. Obviously, you would never front to someone that you haven’t known for very long. But you should take just as much caution when fronting to people you have known for a very long time too. A lot of people welch on fronts for reasons beyond their control. If they have a large bill coming up such as rent, or a car payment, or whatever, their chances of falling through on a front increase dramatically. If you have any reservation whatsoever about a front, chances are you shouldn’t do it. Yes you might be making an extra five bucks when you wouldn’t have before, but if that customer falls through, you just lost way more money than you planned to make! On the flip side, knowing when to take a front is very important as well. Your dealer says, “You want some on float, it’s a stellar deal and you can make a lot of money.” Of course you take it, because you know if you sit on it for a week, you will practically have a gold toilet with the money you will make of it. Then the next day your dealer starts busting your balls for the money like it’s their number one goal in life. After a couple days of the harassment, you end up selling the product for less than you intended, just so you can get the dealer off your back and get back to relaxing and toking. If at all possible, never take a float so that way you don’t have to deal with that type of scenario. Also, that way if something horrible happens (jacking or bust), you are only out your money, not your money and your dealer’s as well. I understand that this is not always possible, and I also understand that not all dealers are also harrassers, but you’d be blown away by some of the stuff that I have seen and heard throughout the years. Where a dealer sells their marijuana is very important. I always grew up being taught that you never do dirt out of your dwelling place. If you sell directly out of where you live, jackers know where to go, the neighbors call the cops and tell them what they are seeing, and who knows what other problems. Maybe people don’t believe in that these days, I don’t know, but that’s how I feel. Many other people that I talked to in person and online said that they would prefer to do it out of their home because it’s easier and they know their neighbors, so they have nothing to worry about. I will leave it up to you to decide. I have a friend that has been a dealer for a decade and a half, even though he’s still in his 20’s. He is extremely smart, and has credentials beyond most people’s imagination. He always tells me that the secret to his success is that he always does his deals on foot. He ALWAYS wears cargo shorts and a jacket with more pockets then you could ever imagine. Between his ‘computer’ case, his jacket, and his cargo shorts, he can hold about 3 pounds broken up into every increment there is. He walks around all day, and when he gets a call, he gives directions to where he’s at, and pulls the ‘Oh hey, I’m in luck. My buddy just happened to be driving by and can give me a ride to where I’m going.’ They drive a little ways away and he just gets out and keeps on walking. There are various criticisms to this method; such as you can get jacked easier on foot, and walking suck. However, he looks kind of like a hippie bum, so he has never even been approached for a jacking, and the walking keeps him in serious shape. Wherever you decide to sell, parking lots are a horrible idea. I know it is really fast to just ‘meet in the Wal-Mart parking lot,’ but in the age of surveillance, it is almost a certainty that you will get caught eventually. Just the other day I saw an employee at a local grocery store, with binoculars and a walkie-talkie, saying, ‘Yeah it’s that same car again, same license plate…He just handed it through the window…” Clearly that information is being written down for the sole purpose of being forwarded to law enforcement, which will not only be looking for that car in that lot again, but will also be looking for it around town. Because most cops are total A-holes, they will come up with some super lame excuse to pull you over and try to catch you red handed. A really clever idea that my dad always did, was to meet people outside of city limits only. This of course requires more driving, and a little hassle, but it is almost full proof. You have to train your customers to meet in a remote place, which takes a couple of times and some solid communication, but once the customer knows where the meeting spot is, you can meet there from then on. Because it’s in a remote location, you are no longer dealing with city police, only county and state. State and county cops usually only go to remote places when called unless it’s really close to an interstate or large highway. If you meet someone in the boonies, and someone happens to see it, and happens to report ‘suspicious activity,’ by the time the cops are even called by dispatch you and your customer will be long gone. Again, it is more time consuming and a hassle, but it is a stellar idea, especially if you are doing low volume/large weight deals. Marketing is a tricky business when you are selling marijuana. You have to find that right balance between telling as many people know as possible so they will buy from you, while not letting too many people know which could result in getting jacked or pinched. It really just depends on how much balls you have I suppose. I, for one, would never, ever talk about marijuana sells with someone that I didn’t know, or wasn’t accompanied by someone I know. As a consumer, I have met hook ups that were referred to me by a third party, but I always wondered what that hook up was thinking. For all they know I could be a cop, a jacker, or whatever. I’m always happy for the hook, but it always leaves me scratching my head. I think it’s best to build your reputation the old fashioned way by networking with friends, old classmates, and co-workers past and present. EVERYONE knows someone that consumes marijuana regularly; it’s just a matter of putting the bug in their ear over and over. Eventually you will become known as ‘the weed hookup’ and marketing won’t be as hard. Your reputation will precede you, and the marijuana will just sell itself if you are always on point. Eventually, if you are successful enough, you will have so many customers that you won’t know how to take care of them all. I have seen this many times before — me and Ninjasmoker call it the ‘blinded by the light’ moment. Your phone is going off every minute of the day, and people are always trying to meet up. There are simply just not enough hours in the day. As a dealer, you will cherish this time as the highlight of your career. However, if you are in the industry for a long, long time, you will start to see a decrease in sales. This is due to many factors; people simply quit smoking for various reasons, or move away, or start growing their own, or who knows what. The fact of the matter is you will need to do some human resources recruiting in order to fight off extinction at this point. In Oregon, we have a term called ‘the stunner.’ A stunner is a person that gets rid of so much weed, so fast, that their dealer is stunned by the amount of money they are making off of one person. Obviously, as a long time dealer you are going to have to find some stunners from time to time. A dealer usually has a natural progression through the game — they find a hook, use it to their financial benefit, make good money, start wanting to get a better deal, find a new hook up. By the time a dealer is at the end of that cycle, they aren’t really good for anyone but themselves because they are a seasoned veteran and want only the best deals possible. As a dealer, you want to either find or cultivate people like this and ride them for as long as you can when they are in the initial phases. I swear food places are the BEST way to find people like this. What is the first industry most people get a job in — food. What are the best kind of people to sell weed to — rookies. What do people in the food industry love more than air — marijuana. So then, what better place to find stunners??? It’s not exactly rocket science! When it all comes down to it, growing your business is not a hard thing to do. People love marijuana, and if you have the right kind of marijuana, at the right price, at the right time, it will sell itself. Remember, your reputation is your greatest asset. If you are known as a dealer that is straight up and a good business person, you will be very successful and people will always want to deal with you. There is a famous phrase that I always through around to dealers; “You can sheer a sheep many times, but you can only skin it once.” If you treat people right, and do straight up deals that are good for all parties involved, you will reap the rewards, guaranteed. Part 2 of a 3 part series. Check out part 1 – How to Be a Marijuana Dealer — Starting Up and part 3 – How To Be A Marijuana Dealer — Becoming A Veteran Share. Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Email About Author TWB Related Posts November 16, 2016 0 Ask Donald Trump to Support States Cannabis Laws [Petition] November 15, 2016 0 Access to Legal Marijuana Reduces Synthetic Marijuana Overdoses November 11, 2016 0 Bhang Bash in Las Vegas how to grow weed indoors good article man… sharing good green herb ethically and morally!! nothing wrong with that EJ ha good shit man. a legit guide told through the eyes of someone in my position. I hate those lame “how to sel weeedz!!!!1!!1one!” guides on rotteneggs.com lol. OGK Hey weres the 3rd 1 at i can never find it Ninja Smoker Keep meaning to write the third installment. Jus keep forgetting to get around to it… Stay turned tho, it will be here soon. mike Hay man, I’m trying to start sealing and I never sold weed, and I want to make money of weed(make it a living), but I don’t have money I have two friends that are up there,they sale alot, but like you said you don’t want to ask for a (front), and I work a full job so I can pay for bills, but I want to be a dealer, (I now alittle about it) but just want to know, if I can work and and still sale I work at a car wash, and I live in Pittsburgh, and I can get ppl I dont now how much I should start off with, or how many ppl I need, pinkkush Yea mad props bro this is really good advice. I am also patiently waiting for part 3. Peace southernsmoke badass guide ha TimmyJay420 Im trying to start sellin, I can pick up a half Oz for $95, is that a good deal for starting out? obveously people that pick up pounds would deffinatly think im gettin ripped off but just to start out. i figure if i just sell 1 gram dimes i rack in $140, $45 in my pocket and only need to re up one more time to make enough for an ounce, and then id just chill for a little bit till i make enough for a QP. Am i on the right track or what? hittsman420 I live in maine. ive gone through all of the steps. from being a rookie to being a veteran. I moved to florida for about 8 years and came back and everybody that was in the game had died down. or simply quit altogether. I am starting back up and its been a real struggle trying to find as you would say that one good hook. I end up paying top dollar for s that everyone else sells for the same. Somethings gotta give. I love where i am and have more customers than i need. But i cant find the great hook. The Dude So Cal. I have, no lie, the best anywhere around. I know that’s saying a lot for So Cal, but its true. And fairly good prices. And I’m still connected with the college crowd. But I was very hit-and-miss as far as punctuality during my first year of grad school and now I can’t get my old crowd back. I resorted to mass texting all my aquaintances who ever came to me before, but it doesn’t seem to have a sustained effect. Just a few calls. My style is “get bulk and sit on it for a while”. Not trying to make a ton (cuz I don’t wanna get popped and I’ll have a good high paying job eventually), just enough to eat well while I’m in school, but lately its been top ramen and pb&j’s. What do you think of mass texting? I think its okay but maybe I just need to get cracking on networking in other ways, and maybe drop prices a tad. I’m trying to find me a “stunner” but its hard around here. Everyone like that already has 30 ppl they can go to who have stuff which they readily admit isn’t better, but they pay less for it and can push it for just as much as they could push mine for. Everyone is already, in the author’s words, a seasoned vet who only wants the best deals. Variety might help a little there, huh. Great article btw. It started out too beginner and I thought I wouldn’t learn anything, but you caused me to reconsider doing dirt where I dwell. I decided to do everything on foot again for sure. I don’t know why I ever changed. Convenience I guess. I actually learned a lot and took some notes. Its amazing how much you don’t know about something you do every day. You just think its common sense business till something like this article. For example, the parking lots thing. I never really thought twice about it, but ya there are cameras all over some parking lots where I used to meet people when I was much younger, living elsewhere. And the reminder to save for the bad times is key, no matter how good you are with money. And the stuff about people’s patterns as far as who they go to — I just never took the time to really think about that or about a lot of the stuff mentioned. I guess I just never attached real significance to this shit because I’m always thinking of it as secondary to whatever else I’m doing…and it is right for it to be secondary to me. But I’ve started to realize how much shit is suffering from me not being totally on point. I’m not really a fan of rap music, but I heard a small line from lil Wayne recently that I’ve been applying to everything in life: “you ain’t on this grind for nothin, so get ur hustle up.” Translation: You didn’t start doing whatever you’re doing just so that you can barely scrape by — there was obviously some aspiration there or you wouldn’t have started. So stop draggin ass and start bustin your ass. That’s what made me seek out this article. I realized I better “get my hustle up” (LOL). thc anyone in alabama with a good hookup on ounces? hussein abdillahi from lewiston, maine. looking for good dealers in this area. Rice Wish I could help, I’m from up in Bangor. wishing Well as a smoker from a medical marijauna state moving to a non medical state. I find it difficult to be able to find a supply. Do you have an article for that. Middle Tn name1 yo wishing if you can drive to bristol i got ya! alex If anybody around New Castle indiana needs and badass life kik me: aJackson254 shorty so what is a good amount to start with Erik depends how much you are trying to sell, if you are some kid who wants to make some extra money start with around 14g and go from there, if you want to make a large amount of money, i’d start with around a half pound and increase/decrease based on demand. Stoney Anyone willing to ship to Memphis dwms23@gmail.com Brady Stoffer i just find it hard to give good legit advice about my exact location when its as easy for a cop to come on here as it was for me.does any one else have that concern? ToNy im in Spotsylvania Virginia and we have alot of pot heads here i am too but im losing all my dealers considering on doing this but i need a cheap start not alot of money Guest i ment dealers parker scots We offer high quality marijuana weeds $ seeds at afforable prices. The marijuana strains we sell are carefully selected by leading breeders. We carefully pack and send all marijuana seeds orders discrete and stealthy. Join millions of other happy customers and buy your marijuana weeds & seeds at Legal Marijuana Head Shop.Bro i got OG, Sour diesel ,White widow ,Banana , Ivory, Sweet girl , Limp dick, Purple haze , Blue berry , Black tiger ,Afghan kush , Hindu ,mary jane ,White ice , Sweet island skunk ,Orange hash , Angel dust , bubble gum Mystical spirit , New york diesel L.A confidentail headland and Cali Kush all of grade A Price list/placed your order here http://www.buymarijuanastore.com/ Call/Text us at: +1(323) 457-3682 Recent Articles Why We Should All Treat Ourselves to Cannabis Baths Cannabis in the Fight Against Breast Cancer Study Suggests Pot Has Been Blamed for Fetal Risks Caused by Tobacco Ask Donald Trump to Support States Cannabis Laws [Petition] How Does Smoking Marijuana Effect Car Insurance?
null
null
Latest News Dow 18,885 -19.24 -0.10% Nasdaq 5,339 +4.78 +0.09% S&P 500 2,187 -0.37 -0.02% 9:36 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite hits intraday record at 5,346.80 9:33 A.M. ET Donald Trump tabs Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo as CIA director 9:31 A.M. ET U.S. stocks open flat as strong dollar limits gains 9:31 A.M. ET Dow industrials rise 4 points 9:31 A.M. ET Nasdaq Composite up 0.1% at 5,340.25 9:31 A.M. ET S&P 500 up 0.1% at 2,188.04 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stocks open little changed but near all-time highs 9:26 A.M. ET Updated A Trump trade war? Why Goldman thinks investors shouldn’t believe the hype 9:21 A.M. ET Shipping stocks on track for big bounces 9:15 A.M. ET Here are Goldman’s 2017 forecasts for stocks, oil and more — in one chart 9:10 A.M. ET Tesla's stock jumps as SolarCity merger approval will free stock to rally 9:09 A.M. ET Regal Entertainment shares are down 5.5% premarket 9:07 A.M. ET Updated My stepmother inherited my father’s estate when he died — what can I do? 8:59 A.M. ET Volkswagen Plans to Cut up to 30,000 Jobs 9:00 A.M. ET Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 9:00 A.M. ET An Illustrated History of Thanksgiving Stuffing 8:56 A.M. ET Updated Next for Tesla and SolarCity: The lawsuits 8:56 A.M. ET Updated Salesforce sets finish line in race to $10 billion 8:53 A.M. ET Diana Containerships' stock jumps 15% in premarket trade, after tumbling 69% on Thursday 8:53 A.M. ET DryShips' stock surges 12% in premarket trade, after plunging 85% the previous session Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Strong dollar keeps U.S. stock gains in check Friday Home Press Release Global Commercial Refrigeration Equipment Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2022 - Industry Insights by Equipment Type by Application By Published: Sept 6, 2016 4:34 p.m. ET Share LONDON, Sept. 6, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The demand of the commercial refrigeration is uneven among all the major geographical regions. The commercial refrigeration equipment market in Asia–Pacific, Latin America, and emerging countries of Middle-East have shown promising growth during the past few years. The European commercial refrigeration equipment market is heading towards maturity. The demand of commercial refrigeration equipment market in the developed areas is almost at its saturation state, owing to the lack of expansion opportunity for the commercial refrigeration equipment end users in the region. With moderate or gradual population growth in most of the developed market, the growth of commercial refrigeration equipment is mainly anticipated from the replacement units, owing to the government regulations towards safe refrigerant and continuously improving power consumption rating of the commercial refrigeration equipment The consumption of ready to eat products, beverages and frozen food has increased considerably in emerging countries, over the past few years. The growth in disposable income, along with the increasing impact of western lifestyle has fuelled the acceptance of such products among the large middle-class consumers of developing countries. The changed food consumption trend is being supported by the rapid expansion of supermarket, hypermarket, and food and restaurant chains around the world. The increased number of such stores has also forced small grocery retailers and unorganized restaurants to upgrade their infrastructure, with the changed market scenario. The growth for the commercial refrigeration equipment market is largely gained by opening these new retail outlets around the world. In coming years, the participation of women in the Asia-Pacific labor market is expected to increase. This would result in considerable demand of frozen food and ready-to-eat RAWls in the region The U.S. is by far the largest commercial refrigeration equipment market by country in North America. The country accounted for nearly 87% share in the North American commercial refrigeration equipment market in 2015. Energy expenditure on refrigeration equipment accounts for a large part of the overall supermarket's monthly maintenance expenditure; with growing power cost, energy efficiency is one of the crucial factors for supermarket and hypermarket stores. Wal-Mart, SUBWAY, Walgreen, and Costco are some of the major retailers with latest refrigeration equipment in Canada and the U.S. These stores generally upgrade their refrigeration equipment in every five to seven years. The replacement of the refrigeration equipment is also done by the local grocery retailers to keep up with the competition posed by the new establishment of supermarket and hypermarket in a local area. The energy consumption rating of commercial refrigeration equipment is continuously improving over the years, and it is expected to improve further with supportive government regulations and product innovation. However, the stiff regulation of The United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and European Union towards the use of natural refrigerant over 'F' (fluorochemicals) gas refrigerant is one of the major hindrances in the growth of the commercial refrigeration equipment market. The commercial refrigeration equipment market is fragmented with small number of large players and large number of small regional players . United Technologies Corporation (Carrier) was the largest player in terms of market share. The high market share of United Technologies Corporation (Carrier) is attributed to brand image, superior power efficiency and diversified post-sale servicers of the company. Some of the other major players operating in the global commercial refrigeration equipment market include AB Electrolux, Frigoglass S.A.I.C., Dover Corporation, Daikin Industries Ltd, AHT Cooling Systems GmbH, Ali Group S.p.A. Illinois Tool Works Inc, and Johnson Controls, Inc. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4087602/About ReportbuyerReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishershttp://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah SmithResearch Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.comTel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-commercial-refrigeration-equipment-market-size-share-development-growth-and-demand-forecast-to-2022---industry-insights-by-equipment-type-by-application-300323238.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate An airy three-bedroom loft with private elevator access in Manhattan’s Flatiron district View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Whoa there! Looks like you're already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* resendLink *} Please resend verification. Thanks for verifying your email address You're now logged in. LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS Are you already a home delivery subscriber for daytondailynews.com? Yes, Link My AccountNo, I'm good Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Sign In OR Sign in using your daytondailynews.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your daytondailynews.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your daytondailynews.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. *Required {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Register *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account *Required {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Just One More Thing... We have sent you a verification email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your daytondailynews.com profile. If you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up, please check your Spam or Junk folder. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on daytondailynews.com frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. Close Sign In It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. {# Show dss link in NP sites that have subscriptions_url set #} {% if subscriptions_url %} * LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS - Are you already a home delivery subscriber for {% site_setting friendly_name %}? Yes, Link My Account No, I'm good {% else %} Close {% endif %} {% include "includes/auth/janrain/signIn_traditional.html" with message='It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email.' %} Jobs Cars Homes Classified Help 57 11 open search clear Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Open menu open search clear 57 11 Subscribe now As low as 99¢ close menu Subscribe Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out close subnav open subnav Log Out Home News close subnav open subnav News Summary  Crime News  Gov't & Politics  Ideas & Voices I-Team  Local News  Nation & World  Obituaries  Ohio Lottery Ohio News Blogs  Ohio Politics  Washington Insider  Information Press Releases  School Closings  Submit a Letter to the Editor sports close subnav open subnav All Sports Cincinnati Bengals Cincinnati Reds  Cleveland Browns  Dayton Dragons High Schools Miami RedHawks  OSU Buckeyes  Pro Auto Racing UD Flyers WSU Raiders Blogs  Hal McCoy's Reds Blog  Cincinnati Bengals  Flyer Connection Business  close subnav open subnav All Business Nation & World Business Jobs Business Events Sign up for B2B Headlines Community close subnav open subnav All Communities Beavercreek  Centerville  Dayton  Fairborn  Huber Heights  Kettering Lebanon Miamisburg Springboro Xenia View More Information Things to Do School Closings Submit a Letter to the Editor Life close subnav open subnav All Life Celebrations  Health  Healthcare @ Your Fingertips Home & Garden  Military Community Pets  Technology  Think Education  Travel  Worship Guide My Local Shopping  Top Sales Local Ads Weekly Ads Grocery Coupons Entertainment close subnav open subnav All Entertainment Bars & Clubs  Puzzles & Games  Movies  Music  Restaurants  Theater & Arts Things to do TV From Dayton.com Things to Do Daytonian of the Week  Best of Dayton More close subnav open subnav Classifieds Jobs Homes Cars Latest Photo Galleries Contact Us Subscribe Customer Service  Sign up for Newsletters Archive - Past Articles  Photo & Page Reprints NIE 57 Dayton, OH  45403 11 Traffic Conditions Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index | Visitor Agreement | Privacy Policy | Contact Us ©2016 Cox Media Group Shortcuts Sign up for newsletters Obituaries Classifieds Jobs  Cars  Homes  Subscribe Contact Us Advertise with Us Our Products Dayton Daily News ePaper myDaytonDailyNews Dayton.com WHIO Journal-News Springfield News-Sun K99.1FM 95.3 The Eagle Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out ID sought of woman using stolen credit card ID sought of woman using stolen credit card Breaking News Staff 3:37 p.m Tuesday, Sept. 6, 2016 Crime HARRISON TWP. The Montgomery County Sheriff’s Office is asking for the public’s help in identifying a woman who is using a stolen credit card. The card was accidentlly left Aug. 24 in the ATM at PNC Bank, 5820 N. Dixie Drive, and it was used later the same day at the Wine N Cork and Walmart, according to the sheriff’s office. The sheriff’s office released surveillance photos of the unidentified woman who used the stolen credit card at those stores. If you can identify the person in the photos, contact the regional dispatch center at (937) 225-4357 or Detective Gyan at (937) 890-6285. Download our free apps to get news and weather updates on your mobile devices. Most Read flatpage-for-wraps Police: Death of woman, 19, suspicious at Beavercreek home | News Area teams in all seven regional football finals Things To Do Add Event + See More Weather and Traffic 57 45403 11 Most Read flatpage-for-wraps Police: Death of woman, 19, suspicious at Beavercreek home | News Area teams in all seven regional football finals Things To Do Add Event + See More More from daytondailynews.com Topics News  Sports Business Community Life  Entertainment Business Top 5 local business stories to know this week News Crash with possible entrapment reported in Greene Co. Business Dayton-area hotel offers free rooms during Thanksgiving weekend News Doctor screening intensifies in wake of sexual abuse scandals News Fairfield hospital’s new technology could reduce repeat heart attacks Sen. Jeff Sessions is Trump’s pick for U.S. Attorney General Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index | Visitor Agreement | Privacy Policy | Contact Us ©2016 Cox Media Group Close Sections news sports Weather business entertainment life Site Map Follow & Share Facebook Twitter Pinterest Newsletters RSS Feeds General Information Contact Us Subscribe Digital Products FAQs Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Coupons at Valpak Find&Save Local Shopping General Acceptance Policy Our Partners WHIO K99.1FM 95.3 The Eagle Marketplace jobs cars homes classifieds shopping advertise PRODUCTS Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan PayPal expands partnership with MasterCard The deal will help the digital payments provider to compete against other point-of-sale payment options. By Stephanie Condon for Between the Lines | September 6, 2016 -- 19:06 GMT (12:06 PDT) | Topic: E-Commerce PayPal on Tuesday announced it's expanding its partnership with MasterCard, positioning the digital payments provider to compete against other point-of-sale payment options. What's Hot on ZDNet When will Microsoft end support for your version of Windows or Office? GE Digital builds up its global presence with acquisitions, partnerships ​Domino's claims world-first pizza drone delivery Microsoft delivers test builds of Visual Studio for Mac, Visual Studio 2017 for Windows The deal, similar to one that PayPal struck with Visa in July, will make MasterCard a payment option within PayPal and allow Braintree merchants to use Masterpass. Additionally, consumers and small businesses will be able to instantly transfer funds from a PayPal account to a MasterCard debit card. The deal also allows customers to use their MasterCard account via PayPal Wallet to make in-store purchases, meaning MasterCard customers no longer have to link their account to PayPal via ACH. They can also use a tokenized MasterCard within PayPal Wallet for in-store purchases at the more than five million merchants around the globe that now have NFC terminals. The contact-less payment option should help PayPal compete with the likes of Apple Pay and Android Pay -- and even retailers, like Walmart, with their own digital payment offerings. "With each partnership agreement that we sign, we further expand the ubiquity and value of the PayPal brand and improve our own economics," said President and CEO Dan Schulman in a statement. "MasterCard has been a trusted partner for many years. By collaborating and innovating together we will continue to help move digital payments forward and improve payment experiences for our mutual customers." Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories E-Commerce Best Buy Q3 strong, but Q4 sales hit by Samsung Galaxy Note 7 recall E-Commerce Amazon to discount Prime from $99 to $79 on Friday E-Commerce ​Meet Alice, the Microsoft Cortana-based AI chatbot who aims to make you look stylish E-Commerce Amazon rolls out Home Services in 20 new markets × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 196,447 Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? 66,711 Clinton gets mixed reaction after going makeup-free for speech 48,506 'Kimmy Schmidt' actress reportedly commits suicide in Peru hotel 46,801 Kubrick's daughter calls for boycott of Shelley Duvall interview 41,405 Facebook's ad metric problem is becoming Zuckerberg's headache 35,209 This list of topics is the quickest way to anger your liberal friends Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy News Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy State worker billed taxpayers for his own wedding vows: officials By Carl Campanile View author archive email the author Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) September 6, 2016 | 3:53pm Modal Trigger Donald Chrisman, a state government worker, in a photo provided by authorities. It’s the vows that got him. A state government worker has been busted for billing taxpayers $16,500 in personal entertainment expenses — including for a ceremony renewing his wedding vows in Niagara Falls, officials said Tuesday. Donald Chrisman, 46, who worked in the state Office of People with Developmental Disabilities, was charged with grand larceny and official misconduct. An investigation by state Inspector General Catherine Leahy Scott found that Chrisman, a Rochester resident, made at least 249 unapproved personal transactions on his state-issued credit card totaling $16,500 from June through August 2015. Officials said he charged the state for more than $4,000 in limousine services for himself and his family, for trips to restaurants and even for shopping at Wal-Mart. Chrisman is also charged with using the card to pay for a ceremony at The Falls Wedding Chapel in Niagara Falls, where he and his wife renewed their vows. “This defendant’s rampant abuse of a state credit card reflected an astonishingly brazen disregard for the public’s trust,” said Leahy Scott. Chrisman was employed as a “Peer Advocate” from Aug. 7, 2003, until his resignation in February 2016. His responsibilities included providing guidance to and advocating for people with developmental disabilities. He was assigned a state credit card to be used for travel expenses as part of his work-related duties. Chrisman was arraigned in the Town of Brighton Court and released pending his reappearance in court Sept. 19. The New York State Police and the Monroe County DA’s Office aided in the probe and arrest. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under grand larceny ,  investigations ,  rochester ,  tax fraud ,  taxes ,  upstate new york Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Creepy clowns spotted in another town trying to lure kids ... Read Next Creepy clowns spotted in another town trying to lure kids ... Most Popular This Week 1 The one scenario that could still get Hillary into the White House 2 Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? 3 Melania Trump's girl-on-girl photos from racy shoot revealed 4 Kellyanne Conway tells The Post she feels 'blessed’ over White House gig 5 Insiders say Donald Trump is 'disgusted' by Chris Christie 6 Scenes from the liberal meltdown Share Selection Trending Now in News 191,988 Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? 64,961 Clinton gets mixed reaction after going makeup-free for speech 47,217 'Kimmy Schmidt' actress reportedly commits suicide in Peru hotel Now On ‘GoT’ star Lena Headey fighting to keep son in U.K. Blac Chyna drops 15 pounds a week after giving birth Marilyn Monroe’s ‘Happy Birthday’ gown sells for $4.8M SEE ALL Now On Jon Stewart Calls Liberals Hypocrites For Saying Trump Voters Are Racist SEE ALL Most Popular This Week The one scenario that could still get Hillary into the... Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? Melania Trump's girl-on-girl photos from racy shoot revealed Kellyanne Conway tells The Post she feels 'blessed’ over White... Insiders say Donald Trump is 'disgusted' by Chris Christie More Stories pagesix 'Kimmy Schmidt' actress reportedly commits suicide in Peru hotel Now On Decider New Netflix Documentary Goes Deep On The Greatest X-Rated Movies Of All-Time nypost Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? New York Post Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Twitter Facebook Instagram Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2016 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
lehighvalleylive.com Menu Home News Local Sports High School Sports Entertainment Place an Ad Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Obituaries Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Opinion Photos/Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Education Business Traffic Elections The Express-Times Newsletter More Back to Main Menu Easton Bethlehem Allentown Phillipsburg Nazareth Slate Belt Northampton County Lehigh County Warren County Back to Main Menu High School Eagles Giants Phillies More Back to Main Menu Football Boys soccer Girls soccer Field hockey Girls volleyball Boys cross country Girls cross country Girls tennis Boys golf Offseason sports Back to Main Menu Wrestling Boys basketball Girls basketball Boys swimming Girls swimming Baseball Softball Boys lacrosse Girls lacrosse Boys track and field Girls track and field Boys tennis Boys volleyball Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Events Puzzles Comics More Entertainment Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Submit an event Back to Main Menu Opinion Home News poll Back to Main Menu Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Express-Times Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search lehighvalleylive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to lehighvalleylive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Express-Times comments Treatment, not jail, for U.S. veteran accused of aiming shotgun at trooper Print Email Sarah Cassi | For lehighvalleylive.com By Sarah Cassi | For lehighvalleylive.com The Express-Times Email the author | Follow on Twitter on September 06, 2016 at 2:53 PM, updated September 06, 2016 at 3:58 PM comments A U.S. Marines veteran who was shot after allegedly aiming a shotgun at a Pennsylvania State Police trooper avoided jail time in his case. Christian Fritsch, who was shot by a Pennsylvania State Police trooper after allegedly aiming a shotgun at the officer, is seen after waiving his preliminary hearing on related charges. (Sarah Cassi | lehighvalleylive.com file photo) Instead of incarceration, family and friends asked for treatment for Christian Fritsch. Fritsch, 42, of Lower Milford Township outside Coopersburg, was before Judge Maria Dantos on Tuesday to be sentenced after he pleaded no-contest to a felony charge of aggravated assault. A no-contest plea means Fritsch doesn't admit guilt, but it is treated as a guilty plea for sentencing purposes. After hearing about Fritsch's turnaround in an in-patient Post Traumatic Stress Disorder program at the Coatesville Veterans Affairs Medical Center, Dantos sentenced him to five years of probation. Fritsch must return to the Coatesville program, which lasts about 18 months, and will not be allowed to leave the grounds for the first year. The judge noted Fritsch is probably the first defendant who pointed a gun at law enforcement that she hasn't put in jail. Fritsch's defense attorney said the incident was a failed suicide attempt, not suicide-by-cop, and Dantos said it was not Fritsch's intent to hurt the trooper. "I think you understand the consequences and the gravity of what you've done," the judge said. Fritsch was embraced by his wife and supporters after the sentencing. "The man standing before you is the man I married. I never thought I would see him again," Heather Fritsch told the judge. "Please give him a chance." He apologized to the troopers involved, and said he was glad the trooper who shot him -- Trooper Robert Whitbeck III-- was back on the job and received a commendation. "If I was in the position he was, I would have done the same thing," said Fritsch, who previously served in the U.S. Marine Corps and later as an Army reservist, as well as an officer on the Washington, D.C., police force. Chief Deputy District Attorney Jay Jenkins said prosecutors gave Fritsch leniency in the plea deal, which called for a county sentence. Jenkins said he was concerned about Fritsch immediately re-entering society, noting the defendant had "setbacks" after his arrest. Jenkins added prosecutors wanted the plea to a felony count to prevent Fritsch from being able to legally purchase firearms in the future. Police said Fritsch was shot and injured in the upper right side of his body during the Sept. 11, 2015, incident at a golf course in Upper Saucon Township. Trooper shoots man who aimed gun at him, cops say On the day of the shooting, Fritsch's wife called state police after he unexpectedly left work that day and he sent a text message she believed was a suicide note, police said. Heather Fritsch reported to police that online bank records showed her husband purchased a shotgun that day at the Wal-Mart in Lower Nazareth Township. Fritsch's Dodge 1500 truck was found in the area of Wedgewood Golf Course off Limeport Pike in Upper Saucon Township, with an empty shotgun box and photos inside, police said. Police later confirmed Fritsch had a Remington 870 shotgun. Trooper Whitbeck and another trooper, Matthew Gehris, were manning a perimeter around the golf course near the fifth hole, police said. As it got dark, Whitbeck saw movement near a barn and cornfield, police said. Whitbeck turned on his AR-15 rifle flashlight, and identified himself as a state trooper, when a person "popped up" in a weeded area, police said. When Whitbeck identified himself as a trooper, Fritsch identified himself as a member of the U.S. Marine Corps, police said. Veteran shot by police had worked in law enforcement Whitbeck said Fritsch pointed a long gun at him, and he fired between five and 10 times, police said. Nine spent casings were found at the scene, police said. Fritsch was taken to Lehigh Valley Hospital in Salisbury Township for treatment of his wounds, then taken to the Lehigh Valley Hospital-Muhlenberg in Bethlehem for treatment of his mental health issues, police said. Fritsch's shotgun was struck in the ejection port, and prosecutors said that was only possible if the shotgun was parallel with the ground. Following an investigation, Lehigh County District Attorney Jim Martin found the shooting by the trooper was justified. "It is unfortunate that Mr. Fritsch was injured in this incident; however, it is abundantly clear from the investigation that his actions and leveling a shotgun at Trooper Whitbeck brought about his being shot and injured. Fortunately, he has recovered from his injuries," Martin wrote in his ruling. Martin's ruling noted Fritsch's shotgun had to have been pointed at Whitbeck in order to have been struck as it was. Sarah Cassi may be reached at scassi@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow her on Twitter @SarahCassi. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook. Most Read Active Discussions About Us About lehighvalleylive.com Jobs at lehighvalleylive.com Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Advertise with us Subscriptions Subscribe to The Express-Times lehighvalleylive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Find n Save Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Easton Bethlehem Allentown Phillipsburg Lehigh County Warren County Nazareth Slate Belt Hunterdon County Northampton County Upper Bucks Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on lehighvalleylive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 PennLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of PennLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Local News Sports Living Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists Elections 2016 PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Local Deals Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Local Ads Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Apartments Legals Eastern Wake News September 6, 2016 3:12 PM Crime Notes: Aug. 25-31 Harry Lynch Harry Lynch i LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Knightdale Arrests ▪  Aug. 27, 7:45 a.m., Abraham Lopez Juarez, 37, of 6005 Lily Turf Lane, Knightdale, was charged with failure to appear for an expired registration in Franklin County. ▪  Aug. 27, 11:25 p.m., Sherrill Dancey Stancil, 25, of 1410 Waterworks Road, Spring Lake, was charged with indecent exposure involving a defendant older than 18 and a victim younger than 16. ▪  Aug. 28, 4:15 p.m., Topeka LaSharon Bowden, 18, of 324 Chavis Way, Raleigh, was charged with misdemeanor probation violation, breaking and entering and felony larceny. Knightdale Incidents ▪  Aug. 26, 7 a.m., vandalism was reported in the 200 block of Jewel Haven Way. Someone damaged three vehicles. ▪  Aug. 26, 12:07 p.m., a drug offense was reported in the 1000 block of North Smithfield Road. ▪  Aug. 28, 12:55 a.m., a drug offense was reported in the 8600 block of Knightdale Boulevard. ▪  Aug. 30, 4:45 p.m., fraud was reported in the 1000 block of Delta River Way. Someone stole $650 cash. Wendell Arrests ▪  Aug. 26, midnight, Wanda Denise Holden, 42, of 15 Bobbitt St., Wendell, was charged with assault with a deadly weapon. ▪  Aug. 26, 11 p.m., Maurice Dupree Williams, 41, of 110 N. Selma Road, Wendell, was charged with felony possession of cocaine and driving while impaired. ▪  Aug. 27, 12:10 a.m., Christopher Quatrell Hodge, 26, of 65 Scarborro Drive, Bunn, was charged with driving while impaired. ▪  Aug. 29, 10 p.m., Amanda Michelle Tart, 30, of 400 N. Woodgreen Drive, Wendell, was charged with simple possession of a controlled substance and misdemeanor larceny. ▪  Aug. 30, 3:15 p.m., Benjamin Edward Pearce, 20, of 2315 King Malcolm Lane, Zebulon, was charged with assault on a female. Wendell Incidents ▪  Aug. 28, 4:31 p.m., larceny was reported in the 100 block of Griffin Drive. Someone stole bicycles values at $630. ▪  Aug. 30, noon, vandalism was reported in the 700 block of Cedarfield Court. Someone damaged a vehicle. Zebulon Arrests ▪  Aug. 26, 2:50 p.m., Richard Wayne Matheny Jr., 21, of 207 Cloverdale Drive, Smithfield, was charged with larceny by employee. ▪  Aug. 27, 2:30 a.m., Timothy Mebane Kemp Jr., 45, of 5380 Massey Road, Zebulon, was charged with possession of methamphetamine and possession of up to one-half ounce of marijuana. ▪  Aug. 27, 11:20 a.m., Tavaris Donshea McAllister, 29, of 668-1 Bartons Landing Place, Fayetteville, was charged with felony larceny. ▪  Aug. 30, 11:45 p.m., Jaimiila Sammia Smaw, 20, of 6423 Bunham Drive, Fayetteville, was charged with simple assault. Zebulon Incidents ▪  Aug. 25, 11:17 p.m., an assault was reported in the Walmart shopping center on East Gannon Avenue. ▪  Aug. 26, 2:58 p.m., fraud was reported at Walgreens on West Gannon Avenue. ▪  Aug. 27, 3:51 p.m., larceny was reported at Walgreens on West Gannon Avenue. Someone stole medical and household items valued at $21.97. ▪  Aug. 29, 10:30 p.m., drug and traffic offenses were reported at Pineview Drive and West Gannon Avenue. ▪  Aug. 30, 9:53 a.m., larceny was reported in the 600 block of West Gannon Avenue. Someone stole a tractor valued at $35,000. ▪  Aug. 30, 9:49 p.m., an assault was reported in the 2200 block of King Malcolm Lane. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Eastern Wake News Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:21 Does race play a part in the challenge to Durham vote count? Pause 5:14 McCrory: 'We're going to check everything' 0:57 Speaker Paul Ryan describes 'draining the swamp' 3:07 So what can Trump actually do in his first 100 days? 1:31 Watch Cam Newton and Panthers coach Ron Rivera react to Luke Kuechly injury 1:14 Hunter Elementary students harvest greens for families in need 1:40 Do you live in one of America's unhealthiest states? 3:51 Durham County board to hold hearing on election protest 2:38 Roy Cooper addresses supporters claiming victory over incumbent Governor Pat McCrory 11:10 Pulse nightclub shooter calls 911 part 2 of 2 (Warning: explicit language) Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 9 days ago Wake school bus in head-on crash near Knightdale 0:39 9 days ago Wake school bus in head-on crash near Knightdale 2:24 a month ago Fields of Faith at Knightdale High 0:23 a month ago Flooding along the Little River after Hurricane Matthew View more video Eastern Wake News Local firefighters join battle against NC mountain wildfires Hurricane Matthew road closings likely to remain into next month Raleigh man held on heroin, cocaine charges from Wendell police Fast starts and rebounding key to East Wake basketball sweep over Smithfield-Selma Cary families lobby school board to stay at Mills Park Elementary Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
How-To Geek Articles l l How to Monitor Your Computer’s CPU Temperature How to Save Money on Smarthome Products The Most Useful Keyboard Shortcuts for the Windows Taskbar What Is the Dark Web? Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+   FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY   TRIVIA Search How-To Geek Eight Easy Ways to Save Money on Your Utility Bills When it comes to saving money on your electricity and other utility costs, getting something like a smart thermostat or smart outlet to monitor and optimize energy usage can be helpful. But there are a ton of things you can do that require little to no money or effort, too. Here are eight really easy tasks to do around the house that will instantly save you money on your bills. RELATED ARTICLES How to Optimize Your Home’s Airflow to Save Money on Your A/C Should You Buy Google’s Nest Learning Thermostat? Turn Down the Thermostat Your heating and air conditioning use up a lot of energy, making your HVAC system one of the most expensive appliances in your house. You don’t need to freeze or boil to save money, though–tweaking your thermostat by just a couple of degrees can make a big difference. Specifically, turning up your thermostat during the summer by one or two degrees, and turning it down by the same increment during the winter, can save you a lot of money in the long run. And the best part is that you’ll barely notice such a small difference anyway. And even if you do, it’s unlikely to seriously disrupt your life. Of course, you can also turn your thermostat off whenever you’re away for the day–which is doable with any thermostat. Or, you can schedule your thermostat to be higher during the day while you’re at work, and turn back down when you come home. With a smart thermostat, things are even easier: you can use its home and away modes to do it all automatically, turning itself up whenever you leave the house, and turning the A/C back on when you get home. Be More Conscious of Lights and Electronics If you’re one to easily forget to turn off appliances, electronics, and other devices that use up electricity or other resources, it might be time to kick it into gear and set yourself some reminders to turn these things off. RELATED ARTICLE How to Automatically Turn Your Hue Lights Off When You Leave the House We’re all guilty of leaving lights on, the TV on, and even the oven on, but make an effort every day to perform a quick sweep of your house to see if anything was left on. It takes less than two minutes and could potentially save you a bit of cash thanks to a little effort. And, if you have smart outlets and smart lights, most apps will provide a scheduling function so you can make sure the lights turn off at certain times, or even have them turn off automatically when you leave the house. Turn Down Your Water Heater Your water heater is supposed to be heating your water only up to 120 degrees. Any hotter than that and there’s a high risk of scalding. However, many homes have their water heater set higher than 120 degrees. A good way to test what your water heater is set to if yours doesn’t have a built-in thermometer is to simply run a faucet until it gets as hot as it can. Then stick a meat thermometer (or any other kind of thermometer) under the running water. If it reads higher than 120 degrees, you should turn down your water heater. This will not only save your skin (literally), but it will also save you money. Don’t worry, though, as 120 degrees is still plenty hot for washing dishes in your dishwasher and killing all the bacteria. Replace Your HVAC Air Filter RELATED ARTICLE How to Optimize Your Home’s Airflow to Save Money on Your A/C When your HVAC air filter gets dirty, it reduces the airflow of your HVAC system, limiting its performance. From there, your house won’t be heated or cooled as efficiently as it could be, using up more energy and costing you more money. This is why it’s important to replace the air filter whenever it gets dirty, and it’s a super simple job that takes less than 10 seconds. We have a guide that includes info on air filters and how important it is to get the correct ones for your system. Cover Windows with Plastic During the Winter This isn’t quite as easy to do as other tasks listed here, but it’s a process that takes about an hour to do and can seriously cut costs during the entire winter. Covering your windows with clear plastic will seal off any drafts that let cold air in, while still allowing sunshine to pass through and heat up your house. Any hardware store and superstore (like Wal-Mart) will sell window plastic wrap kits, which come with a roll of plastic wrap and double-sided tape, for around $10-$20. The time and money that you put it into doing something like this will easily pay off many times over throughout the winter. Note that this may give the windows an ever-so-slight distortion. Most of these kits use crystal clear plastic that, when applied correctly, are actually not too intrusive. Just don’t expect them to be 100% invisible. Seal Up Doors and Windows If you don’t want to go the plastic route and want a more permanent solution, a better bet might be to use some weather stripping to seal up any weak points around door and window frames where cold air might be making its way into your house. Weather stripping comes in all different shapes and sizes, so it fits in any specific gaps that you might have. It’s also really cheap. You could even get some spray expansion foam and use it to fill in the gaps around door and window frames. Open and Close Your Shades or Blinds During the winter, the sun is your best friend, but it’s your worst enemy during the summer. Because of this, take advantage of your window blinds or shades and leave them open during the winter to let that sunshine through and heat up your house. This acts a lot like a greenhouse, letting in the warmth from the sun, but keeping out the cooler air, so you don’t have to waste energy on the thermostat. During the summer, it’s best to keep blinds closed so that sun doesn’t shine through into your house. Of course, many people are big fans of large windows and letting in natural light, but it will take a toll on your utility bill as far as air conditioning is concerned. You can optimize this, though, by keeping blinds closed on east-facing windows in the morning, then opening them up in the late afternoon when the sun is no longer shining in. Use Cold Water When Doing Laundry Every clothes washer has different water temperature settings that you can use, but to save hot water and prevent your water heater from working more than it should, it’s always a good idea to wash your clothes in cold water. In most cases, it will do just as good of a job as hot water would. Of course, you still might have some delicate clothing that requires hot water for washing, but most laundry loads can be washed in cold water without a problem. You can also set your clothes dryer to a lower heat setting, but keep in mind that high heat will kill lice, fleas, and other bugs, as well as kill bacteria, so if that’s a focus for a certain load of laundry, absolutely dry with high heat. Otherwise, low heat can save you some cash in the long run. Title image from ppaa/Bigstock JOIN THE DISCUSSION (3 REPLIES) September 7, 2016 Silver Mount Nice article. I might add to do a fast payback analysis on "energy savers" to see if they really do save. Buying that $400 smart thermostat won't save you money if you are already frugal with your heating/cooling and live in an area with cheap electric. At 4 cents a kwh, that smart stat will have to last longer than the pyramids to see a payback and you may be lucky if it lasts 5 years. Not everything marketed as an energy saver will really save you the purchase price, which it should do. September 8, 2016 Pradip Shah What I have seen, may be in different context, is the use of weather sealing foam. What they did was put a large poly bag to cover the area in question. Then the foam was released inside the bag. It filled out the bag and took up the shape of the entire area and sealed it. The advantage was that it did not actually adhere to the surrounding surfaces so that it could be removed very cleanly without damaging anything at all. I have also seen this approach used for packaging delicate items against being banged around inside the outer carton. Got Feedback? Click Here to Join the Discussion Tweet Craig Lloyd is TIME Magazine's 2006 Person of the Year, as well as a mediocre gamer, aviation geek, baseball fan, motorcycle rider, and a proud introvert. He began his career as a young, naive teenager tinkering around with the family computer and has since blossomed into the beautiful geek that he is today. Published 09/6/16 DID YOU KNOW? The earliest microwave ovens pumped out 3,000 watts of power (much more powerful than modern residential microwaves) and could completely cook large cuts of meat in less than a minute. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK How to Use All of Windows 10’s Backup and Recovery Tools How to Fax a Document From Your Smartphone Type Faster: 6 Tips and Tricks for Mastering Android’s Keyboard How to Use LVM on Ubuntu for Easy Partition Resizing and Snapshots 10 Quick Ways to Speed Up a Slow Mac Stay Sane By Minimizing All the Distracting Notifications on Your Smartphone and Computer What’s the Best Way to Back Up My Computer? How to Install and Dual Boot Linux on a Mac How to Install, Remove, and Manage Fonts on Windows, Mac, and Linux Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2016 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved Get exclusive articles before everybody else. Get downloadable ebooks for free! Get geeky trivia, fun facts, and much more. Enter Your Email Here to Get Access for Free: Go check your email!
  Menu ≡ Headlines Columns Boxing Schedule Interviews Results Videos Extras Training and Conditioning Odds Olympic Boxing MMA Almanac Boxing Links Ring Girls Contact Us Boxing Insider Notebook: Canelo, Crolla, Vasquez, Lopez, LaManna, Harrison-Hernandez, and more Share Facebook0 Twitter0 Google+0 LinkedIn0 Pinterest0 Boxing Insider Notebook: Canelo, Crolla, Vasquez, Lopez, LaManna, Harrison-Hernandez, and more By: William Holmes The following is the Boxing Insider notebook for the week of August 30th to September 6th, covering the comings and goings in the sport of boxing that you might have missed. Photo Credit: Tom Hogan/Golden Boy Promotions Canelo Alvarez Media Workout Quotes Canelo Alvarez recently worked out and spoke to the media in San Diego, ahead of his upcoming PPV fight with Liam Smith. Below are a few select quotes. CANELO ALVAREZ, Former Two-Division World Champion: “I love San Diego because it’s really calm here, which is something I require when I am in camp. I feel comfortable and at home which makes me feel great while training, and allows me to train at 100 percent. “Getting to fight at the AT&T Stadium in Texas is a huge privilege for me and my career. Fighting on this weekend is powerful because it tells the story of Mexicans all over, making a win even more important. This fight is going to be historic; from the venue, the title, to the fans who are going to show up – I take all of this into consideration as I train hard for this match.” “In our training we have taken a huge focus on the opponents fighting style – no matter what size or weight. Analyzing, and breaking down the fighter’s approach is what we go after in the ring. Just because Smith isn’t very well known in the U.S. doesn’t diminish how tough he is as an opponent. We expect him to be very powerful, and we are training for that.” EDDY REYNOSO, Head Trainer for Canelo Alvarez: “People can have their opinions on the fight. We are training for a world title fight, which is worth respecting. We are doing the work and training hard. Winning this fight is the focus and everything else will come. “We are working especially hard on defense. We are going to be working the counterpunches, and being able to counteract anything that Smith brings to the ring.” JOSE “CHEPO” REYNOSO, Manager and Trainer for Canelo Alvarez: “The climate here in San Diego is perfect for training. They have a great training environment here at the gym – we have the privacy and the space to run the distance and that makes us very happy. We are enthusiastic with our training efforts, and are working hard to get another title. We are content with the way training is going, and we are looking forward to showing the fans what we have been working on. “Liam Smith offers us the opportunity to be at the top. His last eight fights have all been won via knock out. He is a dangerous fighter, and just because he isn’t known here doesn’t take away his potential. Smith has to be doing something right to be able to have such powerful victories under his belt, and that has given us an indicator that he is dangerous, and we have to be careful to not enter the ring too confident. We are working our defense specifically for this fight, because we don’t want one of his punches to catch us off guard.” Crolla vs. Linares to Take Place on September 24th One of the most anticipated bouts in boxing will take place on Saturday afternoon, September 24th as Anthony Crolla and Jorge Linares will square off for the WBA/WBC Diamond/Ring Magazine Lightweight championship that will be televised LIVE on AWE-A WEALTH OF ENTERTAINMENT. For boxing fans who don’t have AWE, you are in luck because the fight will be streamed live on www.klowdtv.com “We are thrilled to be able to show this major bout. This is for the lightweight championship of the world and we have two great champions willing to put it on the line. This fight is for supremacy and the fans will see a great fight on September 24,”said AWE President, Charles Herring. “If your cable system doesn’t carry AWE, we’re offering the fight to everyone in the United States via www.Klowdtv.com. KlowdTV is a new 24/7 streaming service that offers AWE and this upcoming unification world title fight, plus several other great channels including Fight Network, GolTV, FNTSY Sports, and other exciting sports programming. We’re ecstatic to be able to service all boxing fans across the country via KlowdTV as we continue to showcase the best fights from all over the world.” LaManna Sees Big Opportunity in September 15th Fight with Dusty Hernandez-Harrison Welterweight prospect Thomas ” Cornflake” LaManna took time out from training to discuss his much-anticipated Sept. 15 showdown with Dusty Hernandez-Harrison at the 2300 Arena in Philadelphia and live on CBS Sports Network What are your thoughts on Dusty Hernandez-Harrison? I think he is better than what people are given him credit for. He is 29-0-1 for a reason. He has defeated everyone that they have put in front of him (except the one draw). How important is this fight for your career? This is a career-defining fight. The winner gets a world ranking. It is for the USBA title and a spot in the Top 15 (in the world). This is a big opportunity for both of us. I am zoned in and I will do what I have to do to get the win. It is a huge opportunity. I have a loss and I don’t like that feeling. You just mentioned that you have a loss. What did you learn from that defeat that will help prepare you for this upcoming fight with Dusty? The Douglas loss has prepared me for this. Being a headline fighter on television. We will be seen by more people being on CBS Sports Network. I am five fights more mature since my loss. I have been fighting solid competition and I have been more active. What in those five fights has helped you prepare for this fight? None of those guys are comparable to Dusty, but I fought guys with different styles and went some rounds with them when people may have questioned my stamina. I fought a rugged guy in Ayi Bruce and a crafty southpaw in Ariel Vasquez. Those guys aren’t killers, but I was getting work in. What things have you fixed since the loss to Douglas? Did you feel you were overmatched in the fight? It opened my eyes and it showed me that I needed to fix stuff. My diet and daily living. I was overmatched in maybe size, but I really felt going into that fight that I would beat him. What are you doing different? My diet and other things I do when I am not training. I was a middleweight because I was too lazy to drop down in weight. I have made a lot of adjustments. You started out at middleweight, but you have eased your way down to welterweight. How difficult has that been and what type of advantage does this play into the September 15fight? I was always a big middleweight, but strength-wise I wasn’t. Now at welterweight, I am more explosive, faster, more experienced and now I can dictate the action. This is the first time he (Harrison) is fighting someone bigger than him. He has been fighting smaller guys. He now will have to face punches from a grown man. The fight was originally scheduled for Atlantic City, where you would have been involved in the promotional aspects of the show. That would have entailed doing a lot of work behind the scenes, which would have taken some time away from training. Are you relieved that the fight is in Philadelphia? I am thankful for that. I know I would have had to get involved in the promotional aspect and some of the stuff leading up to the fight. To me it doesn’t matter where the fight is. Philadelphia is a neutral ground. As long as there is a ring, it doesn’t matter where it takes place Why this fight right now? It’s time. He has fought one tough guy and if you saw the fight, he lost it (officially a draw with Mike Dallas). I have no doubt in my mind that I will win the fight and maybe even stop him. But it is a great opportunity to get showcased on national television for the USBA title. Battle Born Boxing Amateur Series Returns to Las Vegas The fourth edition of “Battle Born Boxing” returns this Thursday night (June 9), starting at 7 p.m. PT, at the outdoor Downtown Las Vegas Events Center. “Battle Born Boxing” is an amateur boxing series created by Neon Star Media on behalf of its client, the D Las Vegas, to support amateur boxing in Nevada, as well as provide a platform for amateur boxers from other states to compete against local clubs and boxers. Las Vegas-based boxing clubs represented at “Battle Born Boxing: Uprising IV” includes Barry’s Boxing, Richard Steel Boxing Club and Johnny Tocco’s Ringside Boxing. “Battle Born Boxing” was successfully launched April 15 and the amateur boxing series will continue the night before each of the “Knockout Night at the D” series professional boxing events, airing throughout 2016 on CBS Sports Network, live from the DLVEC. “Battle Born Boxing: Uprising IV” tickets, priced at $15.00 for ringside (rows 1 and 2) and $10.00 for general admission, are on sale at www.DLVEC.com. Tyrone Spong Wins a Knockout in the Inaugural International Championship Boxing League International Championship Boxing League (ICBL) Founder and CEO, Jack Perone Fulton, wishes to thank all involved with making the inaugural Azteca Open event a tremendous success. Held this past Saturday, September 3, in Aguascalientes, Mexico, in association with promoter Bernie Valenzula of BBB Promotions, the ICBL Azteca Open featured 21 bouts with a considerable number of these fighters looking to earn a spot in the ICBL 2017 inaugural season. In the night’s main event, a WBC Latino Silver Title eliminator, Ontario, California’s John “Bang Bang” Delperdang scored an eight-round majority decision over hometown favorite Oscar “Totti” Mejia. Behind after the first three rounds, Delperdang (8-1, 7 KOs) eventually wore down Mejia (8-1-1, 3 KOs) with punishing blows to the body and head, leading to a cut above Mejia’s right eye. With the victory, Delperdang now holds the right to challenge the UK’s Lewis Ritson for his WBC Latino Silver Title. In other ICBL-significant action, 10-time world champion kickboxer turned professional boxer Tyrone “King of the Ring” Spong of Miami, Florida, (via Paramaribo, Suriname), scored his sixth straight stoppage victory (6-0, 6 KOs) with a one-punch third-round destruction of formerly undefeated Mexican heavyweight Hugo Leon (3-1, 3 KOs). Tickets On Sale for Lopez vs. Vazquez Tickets for the highly anticipated showdown between former Super Bantamweight World Champion *Wilfredo Vázquez Jr.* and former Super Bantamweight and Featherweight World Champion *Juan Manuel López, “GUERRA EN EL CLEMENTE”*, will go on sale *Wednesday, September 7 at 12:00 noon ET.* Tickets are priced at $200 (Red Carpet), $100 (Ring Side), $75 (Palco), $40 (Preference), and $20 (General Admission), not including applicable service charges, and can be purchased at Ticketpop.com, Ticketpop locations (all Walmart stores at the Money Center counter and all Amigo Supermarkets at the Service counter), or by calling 787-294-0001 or toll free 1-866-994-0001. The fight promises crowd-pleasing, high-intensity action between two powerful fighters in an all Puerto Rican match. A fight in the making for 5 years, it promises fireworks, as it is widely known that there is a clear dislike and bitterness between the fighters. Both *Papito* and *JuanMa* have had illustrious careers and enjoy high levels of popularity in the Island. *“Guerra en el Clemente”* is shaping up to be one of the most anticipated fights in the Island for years. *Vázquez Jr. vs. López*, a 12-round fight, takes place Saturday, October 8th at the Roberto Clemente Coliseum in San Juan, Puerto Rico. The fight is presented by Black Tiger Promotions, in association with Matias Entertainment, and sponsored by Best Alarms and Municipio de San Juan. The event will be distributed live on Pay-Per-View in Puerto Rico and the United States beginning at 9:00 p.m. ET/6:00 p.m. PT. Split-T Management Signs Andreal Holmes Split-T Management is pleased to announce the signing of the US National Elite Champion, Ardreal Holmes to an exclusive managerial contract. Holmes, 21 years-old of Flint, MI made his successful professional debut on August 27, 2016 when he stopped Rakim Johnson of Indianapolis, IN in the first round, in Detroit, MI. Holmes, who was the number-one ranked welterweight in the US, had an outstanding amateur career that culminated in reaching the finals of the Olympic trials. Holmes has competed in over 80 amateur fights and won several major tournaments including the 2015 USA National Elite Championship. Holmes also has competed in several major international tournaments. In March 2016, he competed in the World Series of Boxing and scored a sensational knockout over Cyrus Patterson of Great Britain. “Since the signing, David McWater has treated me and the Gallo boxing team like family. I look forward to our success together,”said Holmes Said Split-T Management CEO David McWater, I am thrilled to have Ardreal Holmes in the Split-T Management family! Not only is he an outstanding fighter, he a true gentlemen in and out of the ring. With his size and power, I could see him winning world titles in five different weight classes!” Said trainer, Joe Bermudez Jr., “Ardreal’s accuracy, power and determination will make him a great fighter to watch as he transitions into professional boxing.” Share Facebook0 Twitter0 Google+0 LinkedIn0 Pinterest0 Leave A Comment Headlines HBO PPV Preview: Sergey Kovalev vs. Andre Ward, Hooker vs. Perez, Chilemba vs. Gvozdyk, Stevens vs. De La Rosa November 17, 2016 Jason Sosa Retains WBA Super featherweight title over Stephen Smith! November 17, 2016 Boxing Insider Notebook: Jones, Chilemba, Mayweather, Davis, Pedraza, and more… November 15, 2016 Danny “Swift” Garcia stops Samuel Vargas in Philly Saturday! November 13, 2016 In a very boring affair, Luis Ortiz wins by Unanimous Decision November 12, 2016 Taneal Goyco Upsets Jerry Odom in A War at Philly’s 2300 Arena Friday! November 12, 2016 Style Analysis: Amir Khan vs. Zab Judah November 11, 2016 Boxing Insider Notebook: Pacquiao, Khan, Ward, Kovalev, Ortiz, Garcia, Schaeffer, and more… November 9, 2016 Chasity Martin wins rematch in hometown of Pompano Beach November 9, 2016 Top Rank PPV Round by Round Results: Manny Pacquiao Wins by Clear Decision Over Jessie Vargas November 6, 2016 Columns Boxing Insider Interview with Mark Taffet: Claressa Shields is a Game Changer November 18, 2016 In Defense Of Andre Ward – Grown Up November 17, 2016 Female Boxers in America Still Fight For Respect November 16, 2016 Boxing’s Endorsement Problem November 16, 2016 Super Fight 2016: Sergey Kovalev vs. Andre Ward, “Pound-for-Pound” November 15, 2016 PBC Card in Philadelphia had its Ups and Downs November 15, 2016 Why Kovalev-Ward Is Pay Per View Worthy November 15, 2016 Three Reasons Why Gennady Golovkin vs Carl Froch Would Make For An Epic War November 14, 2016 Barbara Buttrick’s Scrapbook: Emile Griffith vs. Benny Paret November 14, 2016 Robert Guerrero “My Actions Will Speak Louder Than My Words!” November 13, 2016 Social           Twitter Tweets by @BoxingInsider Upcoming Events No Events Polls Who Wins the 3rd Fight? Manny Pacquiao Tim Bradley View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive   Boxing News & Updates Contact Us Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Informative All Articles Boxing Schedule Boxing Columns Boxing History Training and Conditioning Boxing Odds Boxing Almanac MMA Olympic Boxing Media Boxing Videos Boxing Links Jackie Kallen Ivan Goldman Philip Anselmo Social Twitter Facebook Pinterest © 2016 BoxingInsider LLC | All rights reserved.
null
null
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Opens Registration for 'Hour of Code' Workshops at Apple Stores TOMS Straps for Apple Watch Include Solar Power Donation Apple Cuts Mac Automation Manager Sal Soghoian Tips iOS: Shake to Undo on iPhone and iPad, and How to Turn it Off iOS 10: Drawing on Your Pictures in Messages Podcasts TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-17: Goodbye AppleScript, Apple Axes Sal Soghoian ACM 386: Apple Coffee Table Book and Design Run Amok View All Results → Brydge 12.9 Aluminum Keyboard for iPad Pro Exudes Class X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection View All Reviews → Apple's Tradition of Always Building the Best Doesn't Fit with Current Apple TV Considering Rumors of Apple AR Glasses with Tim Cook's Comments on Google Glass Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple View All Editorials → Apple Music gets $99 Annual Subscription via Gift Card Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Sep 6th, 2016 9:54 AM EST | If an Apple Music subscription at US$120 a year is a little too expensive for you, try $99 instead. Apple is now offering the discounted subscription through a special gift card you can buy in the company’s retail stores. Apple Music annual subscription gift card The Apple Music gift card brings the monthly price down to $8.25 from $9.99, which is like getting two months out of the year for free. That’s not as sweet as the half-off deal students get, but it’s still better than paying full price. Apple isn’t selling the cards through its website, so you’ll have to pay a visit to your local Apple store to pick one up. Walmart, BestBuy, and PayPal do, however, offer the cards through their websites. Current Apple Music subscribers will have to buy the gift cards just like everyone else because there isn’t any option for the discounted pricing in the Music app on the iPhone and iPad, or in iTunes on Mac and Windows. Since Apple Music is a month-to-month service, using the $99 gift card shouldn’t be an issue for current subscribers. Apple Music gift cards are brand new, so be sure to check with your local Apple retail store to make sure they’re in stock before swinging buy to pick one up. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Tags: Apple Music, Deals, subscription One Comment Add a comment Robert Varipapa September 6, 2016 How about a deal for the Family Plan? September 6, 2016 at 3:10 EST PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Brydge 12.9 Aluminum Keyboard for iPad Pro Exudes Class John Martellaro | November 17, 2016 Twitter Adds More Controls to Empower Users against Trolls Bryan Chaffin | November 16, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $110.21 +0.26 (0.24%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple Opens Registration for 'Hour of Code' Workshops at Apple Stores TOMS Straps for Apple Watch Include Solar Power Donation Apple Cuts Mac Automation Manager Sal Soghoian AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay Recent Tips See All » iOS: Shake to Undo on iPhone and iPad, and How to Turn it Off iOS 10: Drawing on Your Pictures in Messages macOS Sierra: Using Markup in Photos iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 Recent Editorials See All » Apple's Tradition of Always Building the Best Doesn't Fit with Current Apple TV Considering Rumors of Apple AR Glasses with Tim Cook's Comments on Google Glass Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple 3272 Jeff Gamet product-news 1 1473155648 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»BEST BUY AKTIE»Flossolution(R) Now Available at Best Buy Retailers Nationwide and Online / Oral Care System Unveils Custom Black and Orange Max by Flossolution Designed for Best Buy Customers BEST BUY CO INC 43,185  Euro +0,769 +1,81 % WKN: 873629  ISIN: US0865161014 Ticker-Symbol: BUY  Frankfurt | 18.11.16 | 08:02 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheHandel AktienmarktS&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 42,668 42,758 15:43 42,62 42,739 15:43 06.09.2016 | 19:10 (12 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Marketwired·Mehr Nachrichten von Marketwired Flossolution(R) Now Available at Best Buy Retailers Nationwide and Online / Oral Care System Unveils Custom Black and Orange Max by Flossolution Designed for Best Buy Customers ORLANDO, FL -- (Marketwired) -- 09/06/16 -- Flossolution®, a breakthrough, patented system designed to make both flossing and brushing easy, fast and painless, announces today its new distribution throughout Best Buy stores nationwide and BestBuy.com. Available in more than 1,000 locations across the United States, customers can now purchase Max by Flossolution in a custom black and orange color specially designed for Best Buy. "Working with Best Buy to offer this unique Max configuration has been an amazing experience," said Dr. Tim Pruett, CEO of Flossolution. "Our products are designed to move beyond the limits of brushing by cleaning 100 percent of tooth surfaces in a way that is quick, easy and painless, and I look forward to Best Buy customers appreciating the improvement in their oral health." Appealing to Best Buy's tech-savvy clientele, Max by Flossolution is the first product on the market to provide both sonic flossing and brushing in one convenient product. Featuring patented Flossguard® technology, a cushioning Bite Bumper® and Microfloss™, Max includes an interchangeable Flossarm and Brusharm to make the switch from flossing to brushing take seconds. The system comes with a rechargeable battery that lasts more than four weeks and provides five sonic power modes, including Smart, Fresh, Bright, Happy and Healthy. These modes are named to make it fun and easy for consumers to find their favorite setting for painless flossing and brushing. The Max's Flossguard® safely protects gums from flossing trauma by keeping the floss in the recommended position and controlling the depth the floss can travel as it moves between tooth and gum. The Bite Bumper acts as a soft pad for opposing teeth allowing for gentle biting pressure to be applied during flossing. This technology is coupled with Flossolution's Microfloss™, the thinnest floss on the market that glides between teeth easily with little resistance. Max by Flossolution is available for purchase at Best Buy in its new custom color scheme for $99.99, along with Flossarm replacement packs for $14.99. Flossolution recently launched its new product line in June 2016 featuring the Max, Lite and Mini. In addition to Best Buy stores and BestBuy.com, Flossolution products are available for purchase in Walmart stores, Walmart.com, and Flossolution.com with additional major retail distributions coming soon. About Flossolution Flossolution is a breakthrough, patented system designed to make both flossing and brushing easy, fast and painless. Created by Dr. Tim Pruett and tested in his Orlando dentist office, Flossolution is the first dental hygiene product line featuring unique Flossguard and Bite Bumper Technology. The family of products, Max, Lite and Mini, are also combined with Flossolution's all-new Microfloss -- the thinnest floss on the market, making it easier than ever to glide between teeth. Media Contact: Raven Brajdic Uproar PR for Flossolution Email Contact 321.236.0102 ext. 234 © 2016 Marketwired Nachrichten zu BEST BUY CO INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 15:28 Retail Earnings Alert: Checking Out Best Buy, Staples and Walmart ► Artikel lesen 14:26 BRIEF-Best Buy sets regular qtrly cash dividend of $0.28/shr ► Artikel lesen 14:19 Best Buy declares $0.28 dividend ► Artikel lesen Do NetApp and Best Buy climb while Wal-Mart and Cisco slide ► Artikel lesen Do The Hot Stock: Best Buy Soars 14% ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart BEST BUY CO INC Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % BEST BUY CO INC 43,185 +1,81 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Innovation A $2.75M US grant plants a tech seed in eastern Kentucky A federal grant is making it possible for eastern Kentuckians to begin training for coding jobs. Here's how it happened, and why it matters to Kentucky. By Hope Reese | September 6, 2016, 8:37 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Image: Interapt Today, at the Big Sandy Community and Technical College in Paintsville, KY, 50 eastern Kentuckians will begin training for jobs in tech. And thanks to a $2.75M federal grant, those enrolled in the training will be paid for their work, serve as interns, and will be eligible for a full-time job at Interapt, one of Kentucky's hottest tech companies. The 33-week coding academy, TechHire Eastern Kentucky (TEKY), which is run by Interapt, will teach students to build and support mobile applications running on iOS and Android devices. Interapt, a Louisville-based startup, develops mobile apps and wearable solutions for connected devices—and has a need for skilled programmers. The goal of the grant, which comes from the Appalachian Regional Commission (ARC), the U.S. Department of Commerce's Economic Development Administration (EDA), and the U.S. Department of Labor's Employment and Training Administration, is to help revitalize a region that has been hit hard by the downturn in the coal industry. Ankur Gopal, the CEO of Interapt, told TechRepublic that this program could have a big impact in an area where there are talented people who want to work—and just need a little help learning the right skills for the job. Starting a startup in Kentucky Born and raised in the small town of Owensboro, Kentucky, Gopal said that "like most Kentuckians, I believed that success meant getting out of Kentucky." So he did just that—venturing to Washington, DC, California, Chicago, and other places. When he returned to Kentucky, he expected to just stay six months before moving to Silicon Valley, but he ended up sticking around. More about Innovation Our autonomous future: How driverless cars will be the first robots we learn to trust Google Fiber pivots: What it means for the future of gigabit internet IBM Watson's latest gig: Improving cancer treatment with genomic sequencing Subscribe to TechRepublic's Next Big Thing newsletter. Gopal knew he couldn't run Interapt without help. And thanks to local support, he able to find a lot of work—in the healthcare system, in broadcast and media. Yet when it came to hiring, he still faced difficulty recruiting talent to Kentucky. Gopal said he probably conducted hundreds of interviews or phone calls trying to recruit someone to move to Kentucky that didn't result in a hire. So he decided to search locally. "We basically said, 'If we could just have really good people who automatically love being in Kentucky, that's a bonus,' Gopal said. They talked to some local representatives, were recognized by the ARC, and got the grant. "It has to do with the local corporate community believing in us," he said. "It has to do with the local government agencies, and politicians believing it, too and universities and training, and so on." Interapt has their first employees in eastern Kentucky, running the program, but plans to open an office there once the program is fully ramped up. A focus on training Universities don't always teach the skills a startup needs, said Gopal. That means that many startups need other ways to find talent. "We believe that we can teach someone to work for us," said Gopal. SEE: "Silicon Prairie," America's new entrepreneurial frontier (CBS News) It wouldn't have been possible several years ago, he said, simply from a connectivity standpoint. "But now a lot of stars are aligning," said Gopal. "We know that every company could become a technology company. We know that there is a lack of workforce to deal with this all over the country...You can either compete for the scarce resources or you can find a new way to get those resources. We've chosen to find a new way." Interapt, he said, is going to use the grant money to hire top-notch training. "We're going to be able to invest really strong resources into getting these people skilled," said Gopal. "We are also paying people from day one so they get a livable wage to learn." "They don't have the foundational skill set," Gopal said. "We'll take it a step further by not only teaching the foundations, but teaching how to manage complex code with a senior development team, which is what our engineers are going to be doing as well." The program will give each student a MacBook, training, and assistants to help along the way. "We are pretty positive and optimistic that this is going to be a game changer," said Gopal. "The entire world is going to watch and see if we can do this." Who are the students? The Kentuckians joining the program have some training, but they wouldn't get hired at a tech company today, Gopal said. Interapt initially looked at 17-29 year-olds as well as displaced workers. "We said, 'let's focus on these two areas so we could immediately make some impact,'" Gopal said. "We had Eagle Scouts. We had people that had taken a couple years of computer science at a four-year institution, but had to go home to take care of a family member. We've had people who have moved back to eastern Kentucky because their spouse is from there and they've been looking for meaningful work," Gopal said. "They've been working from home for companies like Coca-Cola or [Microsoft] Xbox. Here's a way for them to stay in their hometown and still work on cutting edge technology." Gopal is continually impressed with the talent in eastern Kentucky. "We had a senior leader who used to work around the country training people for Wal-mart. We had an ex-Harvard student that was just working in eastern Kentucky trying to do something similar. "It's amazing the types of people that you have there," said Gopal. "They have the intelligence. They have the work ethic to do it. They just need the opportunity." It's amazing the types of people they have there. They have the intelligence. They have the work ethic to do it. They just need the opportunity. Ankur Gopal But how do you create a tech ecosystem in eastern Kentucky, where jobs are scarce? It's a question Gopal takes seriously. "There are no jobs out there. There is no IBM. There is no El Toro. There is no Interapt out there, yet," he said. "What happens if we just pull the brightest people out of eastern Kentucky, skill them up, and move them out to Louisville? How does that help eastern Kentucky? We have brain drain, but in a different way," Gopal said. SEE: Launching a startup: A primer for new entrepreneurs (Tech Pro Research) He sees this as a problem that can be addressed by technology. " If some of my employees say, 'I want to move to Louisville,' that's okay," said Gopal. "And if some people say, 'I want to live in eastern Kentucky,' that's okay, too. We're going to work with both those people." This gets at the heart of how Gopal sees this program as unique. "You can take a class. You can go to a school. You can learn some of the skills we're doing, but we are preparing you for the high tech job at Interapt as well as the ability to live where you want to if you're from eastern Kentucky," said Gopal. "Our first spots, our first 50 people are tremendously talented with all sorts of backgrounds, with a lot of experience that we needed," he said. "We had guys who have been learning programming on YouTube. We had guys who had built the prototypes that they talked about in their interview," said Gopal. "We know these people can handle the demands of work at Interapt," he said. "I think it's going to work." Keep up with the latest in innovation — subscribe to TechRepublic's 'Next Big Thing' newsletter! Subscribe Also see How tech has powered economic growth in the US Midwest since the Great Recession (TechRepublic) 16 tech and startup companies with insane employee perks (TechRepublic) Video: How to integrate automation into your business? Training is key, says CEO of Interapt (TechRepublic) Kentucky tries to lead health IT train (ZDNet) Enterprise Startups: Risk vs. Reward (ZDNet) Over 70% of global employers now use contractors to help fill IT skills shortages (TechRepublic) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Hope Reese Hope Reese is a Staff Writer for TechRepublic. She covers the intersection of technology and society, examining the people and ideas that transform how we live today. Full Bio Contact Disclosure See all of Hope's content @hope_reese × Disclosure Hope Reese has nothing to disclose. She doesn't hold investments in the technology companies she covers. × Full Bio Hope Reese is a Staff Writer for TechRepublic. She covers the intersection of technology and society, examining the people and ideas that transform how we live today. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Free Ebook Special report: Cyberwar and the future of cybersecurity (free ebook) Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Travel and business expense policy Project prioritization tool: An automated workbook IT leader’s guide to the future of artificial intelligence System monitoring policy Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel Search CTV Barrie Search X News Sports Video Weather More My News Connect Local News Sports Features Athlete of the Week Off the Ice Latest News Latest CTV News at 6 CTV News at 11 Sports Sports Athlete of the Week Features House Calls Features LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help Weather Forecast School Bus Cancellations Picture This Weather Watchers Traffic and Travel Traffic Cameras Cottage Traffic App School Bus Cancellations Community We're Involved The Pledge Resources Links Lotto Results Content Features Contests Photo Galleries About Us Bios FAQ Contact Ad sales Contact Us Social Media Facebook Twitter Newsletter Breaking News and Headlines CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor Advertisement Featured false Unusual search underway on Lake Simcoe after distress call made Air Date: November 17, 2016 false Hospital employee charged in child porn probe Air Date: November 17, 2016 false The gray jay? A bid for Canada's national bird Air Date: November 17, 2016 false Students help a neighbour in need Air Date: November 17, 2016 false An important sledge hockey tournament false Toy Mountain: Hasbro toy donations Air Date: November 17, 2016 CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News Charges laid after dogs left in vehicles in the Collingwood area (Terry Kelly / CTV Kitchener) CTV Barrie Published Tuesday, September 6, 2016 12:14PM EDT Charges have been laid after two dogs were found locked in vehicles in the Collingwood area. The first dog was found locked in a parked van with the windows shut in a parking lot at Blue Mountain Resort on Monday afternoon. The OPP say the dog appeared to be in distress. According to investigators, an officer smashed a window and pulled the dog out of the van. The officer immediately provided the dog with water in an effort to cool it down. The owner, a 77-year-old Oakville woman, was charged under the town’s bylaw. A few hours later, a dog was spotted in distress in a vehicle parked in a Wal-Mart parking lot in Collingwood.  In this case, police say the windows were slightly open. The owner, a 55-year-old Collingwood man, returned to the scene and was also charged under the bylaw. The OPP are reminding people not to leave their pets unattended in parked vehicles. MyNews If you are on the scene of breaking news and capture it with your mobile device, share your pictures or video with MyNews. You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. MOST WATCHED false CTV News at Six Barrie for Thursday, November 17, 2016 Air Date: November 17, 2016 false CTV News at 11 Barrie for Thursday, November 17, 2016 Air Date: November 17, 2016 false CTV Toronto: Hatching toy sold out Air Date: November 16, 2016 CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News More stories from Barrie Stevenson Memorial Hospital employee charged in child porn probe Search continues at Awenda Provincial Park for missing woman Police search Lake Simcoe after distress call comes in from boater Garage fire in Oro-Medonte considered suspicious Geographic society bids gray jay as national bird YRP release photo of suspect wanted in connection to pharmacy thefts weather Change city   More Barrie and area weather News tip? Breaking news? See something? Send us a tip. Advertisement CTV News Video Network false The real problem of fake news: Was the election impacted? false 19-year-old PC candidate elected to Ontario legislature false Racist flyer circulating in B.C. neighbourhood false Nov. 18, 1975: Ontario makes automotive seatbelts mandatory false Pot could be 'exit drug' for opioid addictions: study Advertisement Most Popular Stories 1 Search continues at Awenda Provincial Park for missing woman 2 Stevenson Memorial Hospital employee charged in child porn probe 3 Police search Lake Simcoe after distress call comes in from boater 4 ‘He was one of our brothers’: Beloved hockey coach remembered after sudden death 5 YRP release photo of suspect wanted in connection to pharmacy thefts 6 Police search for man who allegedly offered young Bradford boy candy 7 Garage fire in Oro-Medonte considered suspicious 8 Geographic society bids gray jay as national bird 9 Hospitals are taking a big hit on their hydro bills 10 Coaches with Orangeville hockey team charged after large marijuana bust Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2016 All rights reserved. Bell Media Television Back to top
