  News Apple Google Microsoft AMD Stock Skyrockets Further After Zen Unveiling, Up 330% By Talha Amjad  /  3 months ago Share Tweet AMD Stock has been rising ever since AMD Zen was announced but that does not stop there. Now after the unveil of the architecture by Lisa Su, AMD Stock has skyrocketed more than we expected it would. AMD stock has increased another 11% which makes the total increase an amazing 330%. AMD returned to making a profit in Q2 2016 and the stats have increased significantly since then. Zen-based Summit Ridge desktop CPUs will take on Intel in the consumer market but that is not all AMD is looking at taking from Intel. AMD is looking to get a share of the server business as well. AMD was a rival to Intel from the start but a series of products gone wrong and some bad decisions led to the company’s demise. Intel is a big player in the market and it will not be easy taking on the giant but AMD stocks are doing well and with AMD Zen, the company could be making some moves after all. If AMD decides to go on with this then come 2017, AMD will be facing off Intel in the CPU market and Nvidia in the GPU market, both at the same time. The team red vs team green debate is a much argued one and there is now going to be an AMD vs Intel debate as well. But there is no denying that the competition between the two companies will bring great advantages to the users. AMD has brought the heat to Nvidia as well and AMD is trying to capture the low end to mid end GPU market which is the biggest of them all. We can see the approach the company is taking here and it is a clever one to say the very least. What do you think about AMD stocks and its chances against the big boys? Featured Videos Join the Conversation Load Comments Subscribe to our newsletter Popular Now Fallout 4 PS4 Mods Are Out Now With The Creation Kit Games From PC, PS4 And Xbox Can Be Ported To Nintendo Switch Editor's Picks Microsoft VR Platform Could Be Open Source; Vive And Rift Compatibility Nintendo Switch Vs PlayStation 4 Pro Vs Project Scorpio, Which Console S… AMD Radeon RX 490; Vega-based Or 4K-focused Dual-GPU? About   /   Contact  /  Advertise  /  Staff  /  Privacy Policy TechFrag.com 2016 © All Rights Reserved
About Us | Newsletter Sign Up Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: Renesas Bounces Back, But How High? SLIDESHOW: 15 Views of Printed Electronics NEWS & ANALYSIS: Macom Buys Applied for Comms BLOG: Smart Home Needs Data Standards BLOG: Prime Your Brain for Brilliant Ideas at ESC Silicon Valley SPONSORED: Free Shipping Worldwide for all orders of $499 or more. News & Analysis ARM Reaches for Supercomputers Rick Merritt 8/22/2016 03:00 PM EDT 1 Comment NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet CUPERTINO, Calif. – ARM has developed vector instructions to propel its 64-bit V8 architecture into high-performance computing. Fujitsu helped develop the extensions for use in a follow on to its K Computer, a Sparc-based system at Japan’s Riken Institute that hit 8 petaflops in 2011 making it the most powerful system in the world at that time. The effort catapults the ARM processor core for the first time into the realm of supercomputers, a rarified territory Intel’s x86 has come to dominate. ARM hopes it can expand its presence there the way Intel did, slowly replacing homegrown processors from the likes of IBM and Cray. ARM’s strength is in its potential for relative power efficiency compared to the x86. The trait could serve supercomputer designers who can’t practically deliver the massive power to drive the exascale-class systems they want to build. The current Neon SIMD instructions ARM supports are limited to 128 bits focused on use imaging and video in client systems. Its scalable vector extensions (SVE) supports 128 to 2,048 bit lengths in increments of 128 bits. Users can write vector code once and run it on any size vector design without recompilation, something it claims no other architecture can do. SVE is a new set of instructions aiming at scientific workloads not DSP-based media acceleration. Fujitsu said it hopes to use them deliver by 2020 a post-K Computer with 50x the capability and 15x the efficiency of the previous system. SVE is a load/store architecture that uses up to 32 vector registers and 16 predicate registers plus control registers and a first-fault register. Predicates are used to manage a variety of decisions about control loops. ARM left room in its programming space for future extensions to SVE. The SVE specification, being developed with numerous partners, will be available by early next year. ARM is just starting work on how it will make open source Linux patches for the extensions. ARM showed significant scaling benefits with different vector lengths on SVE. Results are simulations based on compiled code with varied length of vectors. (Images: ARM) Click here for larger image All ARMs 64-bit licensees have access to the SVE technology. ARM had multiple partners involved in developing it but would not release any other names, Nigel Stephens, an ARM fellow and lead architect said after a talk at the Hot Chips event here. For Fujitsu the collaboration was an opportunity to forge a partnership at the start of ARMs push into high-performance systems. Sparc remains the preferred architecture for the companys business servers, however Fujitsu sees an opportunity for a new class of technical and scientific systems based on ARM chips, said Toshio Yoshida, lead architect for the processor in Fujitsus post-K computer targeting exaflop performance in 2020. The Fujitsu system will use a 512-bit SIMD vector unit with a version of its Tofu interconnect and other accelerator cores for I/O, Yoshida said. He would not comment on what leading edge process node the chip currently targets. Fujitsu chose the 512-bit vector length because it adequately doubled the 256-bit SIMD of its prior Sparc-based system. "We want to step slowly into this area," said Yoshida. SVE fits in 28-bit encoding region and is only available on 64-bit ARM cores. — Rick Merritt, Silicon Valley Bureau Chief, EE Times Related posts: China Tops U.S. in Supercomputers Google Preps for IBM, ARM Shift Intel Grabs ARM for 10nm Foundry China takes fastest supercomputer crown Email This Print Comment More Related Links Macom Buys Applied for Comms Intels Nervana Attacks GPUs Virtual Reality Will Stay Hot Samsung Makes 10nm Qcomm SoC Taming erratic cellular latency with "extreme asynchronous" IoT firmware design Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] User Rank Author Efficiency tb100   8/23/2016 6:07:15 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate This is very interesting. I remember when IBM had the top speed supercomputer BlueGene, which they built with their low-end PowerPC processor (440 or something like that). It was a low-end chip, but it was extremely power-efficient (MIPS/Watt), so they could pack a lot of them into a small area and ended up with more processing power than computers designed with high-end, power-hungry chips. If this ARM is as efficient as they say, it could be used in a similar way to build a power-house supercomputer. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board Most Recent Comments                 11/23/2016 3:10:19 PM Rcurl Hi Ed- Thanks for the Conflict-free sourcing link.  Since we no longer use tantalum capacitors that's one less thing to worry with.  I'll take a closer look at that... 11/23/2016 3:10:19 PM Rcurl Hi Ed- Thanks for the Conflict-free sourcing link.  Since we no longer use tantalum capacitors that's one less thing to worry with.  I'll take a closer look at that... 11/23/2016 2:52:48 PM David_Ashton_EC You mentioned the Adani group.  These guys are not well regarded in Australia.  They are trying to open a huge new coal mine in Queensland that alone wiill prevent Australia... 11/23/2016 2:31:25 PM 2Torr When replacing tantalum caps with MLCCs, one should consider more than just matching the capacitor value. Matching the ESRs can also be very important, depending on the application... 11/23/2016 1:40:34 PM Ed SV The Conflict-Free Sourcing Initative (CFSCI) is an organization that supports efforts to remove illegal and illegitimate sourcing of tantalum, tin, tungsten and gold from from... 11/23/2016 1:20:33 PM VicVat Video surveillance confirmed it was a mistake to let HR hire the "debug specialist" for the lab. 11/23/2016 1:18:31 PM Andy.Keates Printed batteries have their place. Their specs may limit their use in some devices. You can't replace them. If cycle life is poor, or self-discharge is high the device may fail.... 11/23/2016 12:43:59 PM Some Guy I'm not worried. Like RFID's in your passport, microwave technology is here to help. Finally, if advertising is your only answer, I again assert: you aren't being creative enough... 11/23/2016 12:40:32 PM MWagner_MA 640K...yep, you got me there :-)...   If I was Unilever, I would do the same thing.  As a consumer, I'll fight it until my last breath :-) 11/23/2016 12:34:42 PM rick merritt @MWagner_MA Yeah and who will ever need more than 640K of memory? ;-) The Unilever guy talked about exploring what kinds of new conversations/interactions it might want to have... Navigate to Related Links Macom Buys Applied for Comms Intels Nervana Attacks GPUs Virtual Reality Will Stay Hot Samsung Makes 10nm Qcomm SoC Taming erratic cellular latency with "extreme asynchronous" IoT firmware design Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest November 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest: Pulvis et umbra sumus "Your caption here!" 86 comments All Cartoons October 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest "Trick or Treat" A vacuum tube for you, an old transformer for you...ah, here's a real treat, a paper capacitor! 119 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  66   Why, Windows 10, Why?  51   TSMC, GF/Samsung Battle at 7nm  45   What Are the Coolest Engineering Gifts?  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  41   Accident on a Dark Freeway  41   What Is Best & Worst STEM-Related Music Ever?  37   Did Processor Cause Samsung Note 7 Blowup?  37   Samsung to Ship 10nm SoCs in 2016  34   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  29   Rad-Tolerant Lockstep Quad Core 8051 Uses ...  28   The Time Has Come to Build My Own ...  12   Replacing Tantalum Bypass Capacitors with ...  8   15 Views of Printed Electronics  6   Samsung Makes 10nm Qcomm SoC  5   Intels Nervana Attacks GPUs  4   Bosch CEO: Hanging on to Lead  2   Project volume hides Indias solar reality  1   Smartphone-Bound VR/AR to Be Boosted by Lasers  1   Macom Buys Applied for Comms  1   Top 20 IC Ranking: Apple Rises Most Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Sign up for EE Times newsletter GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan ESC Brazil Communities EE Times | EDN | EBN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Design News | DesignCon | ESC Working With Us: About | Editorial Policies | Contact Us | Media Kits | Reprints Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2016 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Video   /   Next Apple Watch to Lack LTE Service Due to Battery Life Issues       Next Apple Watch to Lack LTE Service Due to Battery Life Issues     By eWEEK Staff  |  Posted 2016-08-22 Print               DAILY VIDEO: The next Apple Watch won't have LTE due to battery life issues; Intel is ready to ship silicon photonics modules this year; Twitter will extend protective controls to all users; and there's more.   Latest Videos Sponsored Videos Symantec Buys Out Identity Protection Firm LifeLock for $2.3 Billion DAILY VIDEO: Symantec acquires identity protection vendor LifeLock for $2.3 Billion; Oracle acquires... Nvidia, OpenAI to Collaborate With Microsoft's AI Efforts DAILY VIDEO: Microsoft's AI efforts get a boost from Nvidia, Elon Musk's OpenAI; Mozilla introduces... IBM Launches Security Services Headquarters in Massachusetts DAILY VIDEO: IBM opens global headquarters for security services; IoT devices evolving rapidly as... Dell Data Protection Secure Lifecycle Encrypts Data in Motion Daily Video: Dell data protection defends against external, insider threats; Microsoft Outlook... 'Smart' Light Bulbs Vulnerable to Cyber-Attacks, Researchers Show DAILY VIDEO: Researchers show even 'smart' light bulbs are threatened on IoT; Kaspersky alleges... SEC Filing Indicates Yahoo Was Aware of Data Breach in 2014 DAILY VIDEO: SEC filing indicates Yahoo might have known about data breach in 2014; Windows 10 Sticky... Apple Store Selling Refurbished iPhones at a Discount DAILY VIDEO: Apple refurbished iPhones again being offered in the Apple Store; Google pulling the... Samsung Aims to Incorporate AI in Galaxy S8 Smartphones DAILY VIDEO: Samsung evaluating AI for use in Galaxy S8 smartphones; LG begins Android 7.0 Nougat OS... Apple Drops Prices of MacBook Pro Dongles After Complaints DAILY VIDEO: Apple drops MacBook Pro dongle prices after customer pushback; Samsung says some 85% of... Samsung Gear S3 Smartwatches to Go on Sale Nov. 18 DAILY VIDEO: Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch preorders began Nov. 6; Huawei launches Fit sports and... Intel Processors, Storage Enhancements Set New Dell Servers Apart Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Dell PowerEdge R630: Incredible Density Across a Range of Resources The Dell PowerEdge R630 is a mainstream 2S/1U rack server that delivers incredible density across a... Save on Operating Costs for Scale-Out Workloads With the introduction of the Dell PowerEdge FM 120x4, Dell and Intel are bringing to market a server... Dell PowerEdge R730xd: Storage Density for Clouds, Big Data and More The Dell PowerEdge R730xd, also based on Intel Xeon processors, is one of the world's densest... Dell PowerEdge T630: Versatility for ROBO Environments and More The Dell PowerEdge T630 is a mainstream 2S/5U rack-mount tower server with a versatile mix of... Introduction to the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell's latest generation of Intel-based PowerEdge servers has the power and flexibility to solve all... Meet Some of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Management Features of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Today's businesses need to innovate to compete. If your IT talent is spending too much time... Innovative Features in the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell PowerEdge servers powered by Intel processors include a number of innovative features designed... Virtualization, Convergence and Cloud with Dell PowerEdge Servers video Agility is a competitive edge that Dell's PowerEdge servers can deliver thanks to dense, storage... Read more about the stories in today's news: Next Apple Watch Won't Have LTE Due to Battery Life Issues: Report Intel Ready to Ship Silicon Photonics Modules This Year Twitter to Extend Protective Controls to All Users CNN to Gather News Using Drones, Sets Up UAS Unit       Today's topics include Apple's decision not to include LTE as a feature in its next Apple Watch, Intel's announcement that it has begun shipping the first of its photonics modules, Twitter's plan to extend its protective features to prevent cyber-bullying and CNN launches its drone program after setting up an unmanned aircraft systems unit. Apple's next Apple Watch will still have to be used alongside an Apple iPhone because a desired feature—built-in LTE cellular service—is not delivering adequate battery life in the smartwatch in testing. As a result, users desiring LTE service will have to wait for a later version of the Apple Watch. Mobile carriers have been urging Apple to update the Apple Watch so it can work with LTE on its own, without an iPhone, for some time. LTE service would allow the device to access sports score alerts, email and mapping information for users without having to connect with an iPhone. Intel officials are ready to bring silicon photonics—in development for 16 years—to market. At the Intel Developer Forum last week, Diane Bryant, executive vice president and general manager of the company's Data Center Group, announced that the chip maker has begun shipping silicon photonics modules, the first products in an expected portfolio that officials have said will help meet the growing demand from cloud service providers for more network bandwidth, better scalability and faster connectivity. Silicon photonics refers to the use of pulses of light rather than electrical signals over copper wires to move large amounts of data at high speeds and over long distances. The first silicon photonics-based components will enable the transfer of data at 100 gigabits per second over distances of 2km or more, and will come in a pluggable model and an embedded form factor. Twitter, which continues to struggle to find a balance between supporting free speech and empowering bullies and harassment, is planning to introduce new features that will give users control over what they see and whom they interact with, the company announced Aug. 18. In "the coming days," Twitter plans to extend Notifications and a Quality Filter to all users—features that currently are only available to "verified" account holders, which are designated with a blue checkmark icon. As of Aug. 18, users have the ability to limit notifications to only people they follow on mobile and Twitter.com. Users can tap the Settings icon and then select Notifications. CNN will now use unmanned aerial drones to help it gather news in a wide range of situations as part of the company's newly created CNN Aerial Imagery and Reporting unit. The news broadcasting company unveiled the CNN AIR efforts in an Aug. 18 announcement that also revealed that CNN has hired two full-time drone operators to fly the devices. "For the first time in the company's history, CNN will have a designated unmanned aircraft systems unit … to fully integrate aerial imagery and reporting across all CNN networks and platforms, along with Turner Broadcasting and Time Warner entities," the company said in a statement. CNN has been working with the Federal Aviation Administration since 2015 on research to safely use drones for newsgathering, according to the company.       Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Tech Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Tech Home Computers Google Video Games Military Tech War Games Slideshows Laptops Is the HP Chromebook 13 G1 the future of the laptop? By Brooke Crothers Published August 22, 2016 FoxNews.com Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print HP Chromebook 13 G1  (Hewlett-Packard) Hewlett-Packard’s Chromebook 13 is the best evidence yet that the Chromebook is here to stay. Built around Google’s Chrome operating system (OS), Chromebooks are inexpensive laptops that are beginning to challenge the hegemony of Windows and the Mac. In brief: the Chromebook, for many, can be your only laptop. I can say that with authority because I’m very attached to Windows and Mac machines. Despite that, I have been happily using HP’s Chromebook 13 exclusively for a couple of weeks. Chromebooks are powerful if you give them time Jumping to another operating environment is always jarring. There’s no way to avoid the initial gotchas, pitfalls, and frustration. Chrome OS is no different. The flip side is, it can also open your eyes to a better way of doing things. And Chrome OS could be a better way for lots of consumers looking for an inexpensive platform that is essentially self-repairing, secure, extremely fast, and where all future operating systems are ultimately headed. Chrome OS is based on Google’s popular Chrome browser. So, if you’ve spent time in the Chrome browser, you’ll have a pretty good idea of what to expect. Chrome OS is presented as a “desktop” -- just like Windows or Mac -- with icons and a settings bar (the latter analogous to the Control Panel in Windows or System Preferences in OS X). But everything takes place in the browser. That gives you access to Google’s excellent office suite, its Pixlr image editor, Google Photos, the Chrome Web Store, Play Music, Play Movies, Google Hangouts, and lots more. The HP Chromebook 13 G1 The Chromebook 13 G1 is HP’s 2016 high-end Chromebook, starting at $499. Believe or not, that’s pricey for a Chromebook, which often sell in the $199 to $399 range. For $499 you get a lot, though. For starters, HP includes a 13.3-inch 3,200-by-1800 “QHD+” display. When HP announced the Chromebook 13 G1, I had to do a double-take on the display specs. In short, you won't find a 2016 Windows PC or Mac with that kind of display for anything close to $499. Other specs for the $499 model include an Intel Pentium 4405Y (1.5GHz) processor, 4GB RAM, and 32GB of storage. While the processor, RAM, and storage specs may seem meager, they’re not. That’s the beauty of a Chromebook— you don’t need a fast processor or a large hard drive. The new 2016 Chromebooks with Intel’s lower-end 6th Generation Pentium or Core M processors are fast. And because the storage takes place in the cloud, 32GB is adequate. Other notable HP Chromebook 13 specs include a 2.84 pound weight (but it feels lighter because of the good weight distribution), a 0.5-inch thickness (laptops don’t get much thinner than that), and a sturdy aluminum chassis. Related: Is the iPad Pro the future of laptops? Apple thinks so Discounts abound as Apple's laptops show their age The best laptops to buy this summer The HP Chromebook 13 I’m using goes for just over $800. That extra cost is mostly pegged to the faster Intel 6th Generation M5 processor and 8GB of RAM in my model (instead of 4GB). Battery life is good. I found the 3-cell, 45Wh battery delivered a long time between charges. What most reviews (which found battery life lacking) miss is that a laptop with a very-high-resolution display, like HP’s Chromebook 13, is never going to last long between charges without a really big battery. But I got more than seven hours doing lots of productivity work, watching a short movie, and the usual social media and Web browsing. All in all, the HP Chromebook 13 is a high-quality laptop that delivers a lot of bang for the buck and presages a bright future the Chrome OS. Caveats The following caveats don’t apply to HP’s Chromebook specifically, but to any Chromebook. If you’re wedded to Windows and Microsoft Office, the Chromebook probably won’t be a satisfying experience. I’m a heavy Office 365 and OneDrive (Microsoft’s online file hosting service) user. While the Chrome OS gives you access to the online version of Microsoft Office, many of the full Office features are missing. That said, I found that the Google office suite is a powerful replacement and I would be perfectly happy using it full time (as I’ve been doing). Another thing to keep in mind is, you don’t have access to the range of apps available to Windows and Mac users. In my experience with the Chromebook, however, I always found ways to get things done and almost always found a comparable app online. Chrome OS Offline: Whether I’m using Windows, Mac, or Chrome OS, I’m always online (as are most people these days). That said, Chromebooks are designed as cloud devices that rely on being connected to the Web. But Chromebooks are much better at working offline now. For example, when I was writing this review in Google Docs, I turned off the Wi-Fi, and Chrome immediately notified me that all changes were being saved offline.   Finally, the question that always gets asked is, why do I need a Chromebook if I can just run the Chrome browser on my Windows PC or Mac? My response: true, but why not consider a cheap Chromebook that’s fast, secure, manages and updates itself automatically, and has almost none of the clutter and overhead that Windows and macOS have. Besides, the kind of OS that Google is offering is the future of the PC and Mac. Look no further than Apple’s iOS.   Advertisement Trending in Tech 1 Best Black Friday deals on iPhone 7, Galaxy S7, FitBit, and the Apple Watch 2 Apple just patented an iPhone that clips to your clothes 3 Twitter fail: CEO Jack Dorsey accidentally suspended from platform 4 Facebook has reportedly developed News Feed software to suppress posts in China 5 Last-Minute Black Friday TV Sales See all Trends Scitech Connect Subscribe to the daily Geek Sheet for the top science and technology stories. Thank you! Your subscription has been submitted. Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
Menu Topics Biomedicine Business Computing Energy Mobile Robotics 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter Computing ARM Wrestles Its Way Into Supercomputing The chipmaker best known for smartphone processors now has designs on one of Intel’s last areas of chip-making dominance. by Jamie Condliffe August 22, 2016 The designer of the chips that run most of the world’s mobile devices has announced its first dedicated processor for use in supercomputers. The British company ARM Holdings, which was recently acquired by the Japanese telecom and Internet company SoftBank, has announced a new kind of chip architecture dedicated to high-performance computing. The new designs use what’s known as vector processing to work with large quantities of data simultaneously, making them well suited to applications such as financial and scientific computing. This isn’t ARM’s first association with supercomputers. Earlier this year, Fujitsu announced that it plans to build a successor to the Project K supercomputer, which is housed at the Riken Advanced Institute for Computational Science, using ARM chips. In fact, it was announced today that the new Post-K machine will be the first to license the newly announced ARM architecture. ARM has built a reputation for building processors known for their energy efficiency. That’s why they’ve proven so popular for mobile devices—they extend battery life in smartphones and tablets. Among the companies that license ARM’s designs are Apple, Qualcomm, and Nvidia. But the company’s energy-efficient chips also create less heat and use less power, which are both desirable attributes in large-scale processing applications such as supercomputers. Intel will be worried by the purchase. The once-dominant chipmaker missed the boat on chips for mobile devices, allowing ARM to dominate the sector. But until recently it’s always been a leading player in the supercomputer arena. Now the world’s fastest supercomputer is built using Chinese-made chips, and clearly ARM plans to give it a run for its money, too. It remains to be seen how successful ARM-powered supercomputers will be, though. The first big test will come when Fujitsu’s Post-K machine is turned on, which is expected in 2020. Intel will be watching carefully the whole way. (Read more: AnandTech, “Supercomputer Powered by Mobile Chips Suggests New Threat to Intel,” “$32 Billion Buyout of ARM Is a Giant Bet on the Internet of Things,” “Intel Outside”) From Our Advertisers Sponsored by Google for Work Survey: Machine Learning Trends, Challenges, and Opportunities In partnership with Dynatrace Emerging Trend Analysis: What is Digital Performance Management? Sponsored by Lenovo Trend Roundup: Data Storage and the Cloud Tagged ARM, Intel, supercomputers, Fujitsu Credit Image courtesy of Fujitsu Jamie Condliffe News and Commentary Editor I’m the associate editor of news and commentary for MIT Technology Review. I put together our daily e-mail newsletter, The Download, from my base in London before everyone in the U.S. manages to wake up. I previously worked at New Scientist and… More Gizmodo, and I hold a PhD in engineering science from Oxford University. Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all five of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $2 per month. Insider Online Only $19.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. Computing From the latest smartphones to advances in quantum computing, the hardware behind today's digital age is rapidly changing. What Lame Duck? Obama Isn’t Backing Down on These Tech Policies Before Trump takes over, Congress will consider government hacking, and the Obama administration could tie up loose ends in transportation and Internet policy. by Mike Orcutt Facebook’s Plans to Bring Flying Internet to Everyone Aren’t Going So Well The Aquila drone’s maiden voyage ended with a splat, not long before the company’s satellite went up in flames. by Jamie Condliffe Neural Network Learns to Identify Criminals by Their Faces The effort aimed at identifying criminals from their mugshots raises serious ethical issues about how we should use artificial intelligence. by Emerging Technology from the arXiv More from Computing The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe Become an Insider or Sign in for unlimited access  to online articles .
null
null
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search U.K. Bans Charming Heinz Baked Beans Ad for Inciting Dangerous Behavior 5 hours ago Array 0 Honest Co. Drops Ad Claims, Including Implication That Rivals Are Unsafe, Amid Challenge By Jack Neff - 6 hours ago Array 0 Major Ad-Technology Company Bars Breitbart News for Hate Speech 7 hours ago Array 0 Disney Adding 'Frozen' in $1.4 Billion Hong Kong Expansion 9 hours ago Array 0 Adidas Slam Dunks With New James Harden Spot By Rebecca Hia - 9 hours ago Array 0 Major Ad-Technology Company Bars Breitbart News for Hate Speech 7 hours ago 0 'Back to the Future III' Becomes a Serial Killer Movie in This Prize-Winning 'Trailer' By Alexandra Jardine - Yesterday 0 Heathrow Joins the Viral Video Chart With Unbearably Cute Bears' Arrival By Rebecca Hia - 12 hours ago 0 Five Things You Need to Know About Trump vs. the Media (Especially The New York Times) By Simon Dumenco - 13 hours ago 0 AT&T Expands Fox Pact to Expand Its Imminent Streaming TV Service 13 hours ago 0 The Executioner's Song: Why the Networks Stopped Cancelling New Shows By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 See How Miller High Life Is Reviving a Classic 70s Slogan By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 Bumble Dating App Expands Into Career Networking By Suman Bhattacharyya - Yesterday 0 Five Things You Need to Know About Trump vs. the Media (Especially The New York Times) By Simon Dumenco - 12 hours ago 0 David & Goliath Names New Executives as Creative, Strategy and Digital Chiefs Exit By Lindsay Stein - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US IMPORTANT CHANGES TO YOUR DIGITAL ACCESS As we work to bring even more value to our audience, we’ve made important changes for those who receive Ad Age with our compliments. As of November 15, 2016 we will no longer be offering full digital access to AdAge.com. However, we will continue to send you our industry-leading print issues focused on providing you with what you need to know to succeed. If you’d like to continue your unlimited access to AdAge.com, we invite you to become a paid subscriber. Get the news, insights and tools that help you stay on top of what’s next. Subscribe for $59/Yr - Save $50 Last Chance to Save on Brand Summit L.A. Join Intel, Dollar Shave Club, Target and More at Ad Age's Conference on Nov. 2 and 3 Published on September 15, 2016. Credit: Ingrid Bonne Photography Most Popular Ad Age is returning to L.A., bringing its Brand Summit back to the West Coast after a successful debut in 2015 to explore the smart strategies, creative solutions and pressing issues in marketing and advertising today. The conference will take over the Sofitel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills on Nov. 2 and 3 this year, hosting more than 200 industry professionals for networking opportunities, interactive workshops and thought-provoking conversations. The two-day event will touch on a number of topics, including Intel's quest to reinvent itself, the future of Dollar Shave Club's marketing and creative efforts, and the risks and rewards of investing in new platforms such as live video and virtual and augmented reality. Confirmed speakers include: Penny Baldwin, VP-Brand and Reputation Marketing, Intel Michael Dubin, CEO, Dollar Shave Club William White, VP-Marketing, Target Kim Getty, President, Deutsch LA Jimmy Smith, Chairman and CEO, Amusement Park Entertainment Ronald C. Pruett, Jr., Co-Founder, RokerLabs and Roker Media Ian Schafer, CEO, Deep Focus Find out more about this year's Brand Summit in Los Angeles at adage.com/brandsummit2016. Register before Sept. 16 and save $400. In this article: Branded Entertainment CMO Strategy Digital Video Event Marketing Mobile Retail Shopper Marketing Social Sports Marketing Technology The CMO Guide VR Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
null
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Trump taps SC Gov Haley and charter school backer DeVos Police say Detroit officer shooting wasn't an ambush Long-lost Thomas Cole frieze revealed in Catskill Albany homeless service wins appeal case to stay News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Regulators question $817 million windfall by NY energy firms After voting 'yes' on contract, Green Island workers still out in Times Union cookie contest reaches the People’s Choice tasting Dannemora prison escape to become movie Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Ice suits Devils just fine Bruins thwarted by Blues' goalie Rose's clutch shooting lifts Knicks Unbeaten Orange shut down S.C. State Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Tech Valley students help Cuomo achieve energy vision Honeywell workers remain locked out after vote Melanie Beam named to lead Capital CarShare Condo construction closes chapter at Pink Palace Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories New on DVD: 'Hell or High Water,' 'Kubo' new on DVD this week Who's coming here soon Picks of the week What's on display at museums and galleries Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Sipping Second Helpings: Mini restaurant reviews Calendar: What's happening this week Movie Clock Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives Tour schedule goes indoors and out at Shinn Estate Black Friday buying guide: Best bargains on 4K UHDTVs Being an Entrepreneur Means Doing More Post-election directions TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Campus watch: Rowland sisters powering Queens basketball Presents for the food-lover Leftovers? Oh, yeah Got a java head? Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Signs of change in downtown Troy Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog House of the Week: Townhouse in North Greenbush Tobey Maguire shops his three-part project Realtors offer options to ease homebuyer concerns High & Low Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Black Friday buying guide: Best bargains on 4K UHDTVs Start times for online Black Friday sales (and events already JCPenney’s Black Friday sale underway online Macy’s 2016 Black Friday sale is live online MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Reports-Chip-made-by-GlobalFoundries-beats-Intel-9176925.php Reports: Chip made by GlobalFoundries beats Intel By Larry Rulison Updated 11:11 pm, Monday, August 22, 2016 Image 1of/4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 Workers at GlobalFoundries' Fab 8 chip factory in Malta. (Source: GlobalFoundries) Workers at GlobalFoundries' Fab 8 chip factory in Malta. (Source: GlobalFoundries) Image 2 of 4 A screen shot from a presentation made last week by AMD CEO Lisa Su showing AMD's new Zen chip outperforming Inte's Broadwell-E chip. Source: AMD A screen shot from a presentation made last week by AMD CEO Lisa Su showing AMD's new Zen chip outperforming Inte's Broadwell-E chip. Source: AMD Photo: Rulison, Larry Image 3 of 4 AMD CEO Lisa Su at last Thursday's Zen announcement at the St. Regis in San Francisco. Credit: AMD AMD CEO Lisa Su at last Thursday's Zen announcement at the St. Regis in San Francisco. Credit: AMD Photo: Rulison, Larry Image 4 of 4 Tech journalists and analysts take video with their phones last Thursday at the St. Regis hotel in San Francisco during a demonstration by AMD of its new "Zen" chip, which is made at Fab 8 in Malta. Source; AMD Tech journalists and analysts take video with their phones last Thursday at the St. Regis hotel in San Francisco during a demonstration by AMD of its new "Zen" chip, which is made at Fab 8 in Malta. Source; AMD Photo: Rulison, Larry Reports: Chip made by GlobalFoundries beats Intel 1 / 4 Back to Gallery Malta A next-generation computer chip that GlobalFoundries is making at its Fab 8 factory in Malta for Advanced Micro Devices is generating significant hype in the semiconductor industry for its performance against chip giant Intel. The buzz over AMD's new "Zen" processor, which reportedly performs slightly faster than Intel's top chip, helped lift AMD's stock price last Friday by 10 percent. But it also demonstrates that Fab 8, which employs roughly 3,000 people in Saratoga County, has turned the corner in its quest to become a major commercial force in the chip industry after years of work and billions of dollars of spending on manufacturing development, which has included the licensing of 14 nanometer technology from Samsung. "It is our relentless focus on execution that is now allowing our customers to differentiate their products and to bring them to market on time," Fab 8 general manager Thomas Caulfield wrote in a blog post Friday. "Another great example is the latest news from AMD, who recently gave a performance preview of its next-generation 'Zen' processor core." More Information http://www.amd.com/en-us/innovations/software-technologies/zen-cpu Caulfield was referring to an event that AMD CEO Lisa Su held last Thursday at the St. Regis hotel in San Francisco to demonstrate the performance of the company's new Zen chip against the Broadwell-E, Intel's top central processor. Video of the head-to-head test, along with reports of the event by tech journalists, show that the Zen chip was slightly faster than the Broadwell-E. The event was held just a block away from where Intel was holding its annual developer forum. That's a major coup for AMD, which has struggled to gain market share from Intel, the world's largest chip maker and match its processor speeds. Caulfield says that AMD, which spun off its manufacturing in 2009 to create GlobalFoundries, is benefiting from its close relationship with GlobalFoundries. Under the terms of the spin-off, AMD must buy a significant amount of chips from GlobalFoundries each year, a move that was designed to help GlobalFoundries sustain itself as it grew its customer base. "It is the powerful combination of AMD's design expertise and GlobalFoundries' (14 nanometer) technology that allows Zen to deliver a landmark increase in processor performance over previous generations," Caulfield said. It is rare for companies like GlobalFoundries to disclose which customers it serves at its factories, so there has been a lot of speculation about exactly what chips are being made at Fab 8. Some have speculated that Fab 8 hasn't been able to leap past research and development as it has changed direction and its plans for Fab 8 over the years. However, AMD spokesman Drew Prairie told the Times Union on Monday that both AMD's Zen central processing chips and its Polaris graphics processors are being made at Fab 8. Zen is being released next year, and Polaris is rumored to be going into some of the next MacBook Pro models that Apple releases later this year. "Customer traction remains strong across a number of segments, with more than 20 active engagements in the mobility, consumer electronics, and high-performance computing sectors," Caulfield said. lrulison@timesunion.com • 518-454-5504 • @larryrulison Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Xbox One S 1TB Console Bundle from $300 + free shipping WalmartPosted 1 day 3 hr ago SHOP NOW Climate Concepts Women's Hooded Jacket for $10 + pickup at... WalmartPosted 1 day 8 hr ago SHOP NOW Fit & Fresh Bento Box Lunch Set for $10 + $5 s&h Fit & FreshPosted 1 day 19 hr ago SHOP NOW Walmart Clearance Sale + free shipping w/ $50 WalmartPosted 1 day 4 hr ago Most Popular 1 New restaurants opened or coming soon 2 Dannemora prison escape to become movie 3 Cops: Kid watched as 2 had car sex in McDonald’s lot 4 Percoco, Kaloyeros, six others indicted 5 Percoco, Kaloyeros, six others indicted 6 Two dogs die in Troy fire 7 Maria Lentini found guilty in Halfmoon fatality View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation

Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Axiomtek Press Release Receive press releases from Axiomtek: By Email RSS Feeds: Axiomteks Newest High Graphics Performance COM Express Type 10 Mini Module  the CEM300 Axiomtek releases the CEM300, for system integrators looking for a COM Express Type 10 SoM with good graphics capabilities and high customizability. City of Industry, CA, August 22, 2016 --(PR.com)-- Axiomtek, one of the world's leading designers and manufacturers of innovative, high performance and reliable PC-based industrial computer products, is proud to announce the CEM300, the company’s newest COM Express® Type 10 system on module that combines high graphics capabilities, customizability, and rich I/O options in a compact form factor. The CEM300 comes with the Intel® Pentium® N3710 and Celeron® N3160/N3060 SoC processors for high performance and scalable CPU options. The CEM300 also delivers outstanding computing, graphics and media performance through its Intel® Gen 8 graphics engine, DirectX 11.1, OpenGL 4.2, 3D features and 4K resolution support. The CEM300 is designed to meet the challenging needs of many industries including industrial IoT automation controllers, medical imaging, retail/POS/kiosk applications and more. “Axiomtek’s CEM300 is designed to lower development costs and reduce time to market through its flexible expansion options and versatile design,” said Product Manager Yifei Wang, Axiomtek’s Embedded Platform and Industrial Computers (EPIC) Division product manager. “The CEM300 is an ideal solution for system integrators looking for a small form factor industrial motherboard with good graphics capabilities and high customizability.” The CEM300 comes with rich I/O options including LVDS (18/24-bit single channel), one DDI port supporting HDMI/DVI/DisplayPort, four PCI Express lanes, two SATA-600 interfaces, one Gigabit LAN port, two USB 3.0 ports, eight USB 2.0 ports, four DIO channels and an optional embedded DisplayPort. An LPC bus is also available for easy connection to legacy I/O interfaces. To enable fast turnkey evaluation, Axiomtek also provides CEB94008, the COM Express® type 10 carrier board to operate with CEM300. To ensure reliability and stability, hardware monitoring and Watchdog Timer are supported. The CEM300 runs well with Windows® 7/8.1/10 and Linux operating systems. It also supports Axiomtek’s AXView 2.0 intelligent remote management software. Axiomtek also offers a comprehensive suite of value-added services including design assistance. Axiomtek’s engineering resources include an R&D team and expert engineers with years of experience in assisting clients in every facet of their application development and deployment processes. Axiomtek’s CEM300 will be available in September. Axiomtek provides a wide array of industrial grade embedded boards and modules. For more product information or pricing, please visit us.axiomtek.com or contact a sales representative at solutions@axiomtek.com. Advanced Features: - COM Express Type 10 computer-on-module - Ruggedized and extremely compact (84 x 55 mm) design - Intel® Pentium® (N3710)/Celeron® (N3160 and N3060) processors - Onboard 4 GB DDR3L system memory (8GB optional) - 4K resolution support (3840 x 2160 @ 30 Hz) - Max. up to four lanes of PCI Express - Two SATA-600 interfaces - Two USB 3.0 signals and eight USB 2.0 signals - LVDS and DDI (DisplayPort/HDMI/DVI) with dual view supported - Intelligent remote management software AXView 2.0 supported - Wide range voltage power input 4.75V to 20V for harsh environments - 4 to 6 watts low power consumption About Axiomtek Co., Ltd. Axiomtek Co., Ltd. is one of the world's leading designers/manufacturers of PC-based industrial computer products. From its roots as a turnkey systems integrator specializing in data acquisition and control systems, Axiomtek has mirrored the PC evolution in various industries by shifting its focus toward the design and manufacture of PC-based industrial automation solutions. Axiomtek Co., Ltd. established in 1990, has more than 60 distributor partners globally. Axiomtek offers Industrial PCs (IPC), Single Board Computers and System on Modules (slot CPU card, small form factor embedded boards & SoM), Fanless & Rugged Embedded System (eBOX and rBOX), Intelligent Transportation System (tBOX), Industrial Firewall & Industrial IoT Gateway, Touch Panel Computers (TPC), Medical PCs (MPC), Human Machine Interface (HMI), Digital Signage Players (DS), Industrial Network and Network Appliances (NA). As an associate member of the Intel® Internet of Things Solutions Alliance, Axiomtek continuously develops and delivers cutting edge solutions based on the latest Intel® platforms. Contact Information Axiomtek Larry Wu 1-888-GO-AXIOM Contact us.axiomtek.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Axiomtek Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Welcome! Please Log In Home Portfolio Stocks Bonds Funds ETFs CEFs Markets Tools Real Life Finance Discuss   First Name Last Name   Required field.       Required field.       Zip Code E-mail Address   Required field.       Required field.       Password 8-24 characters, with one letter & one number No more than 4 repeating/consecutive characters   Required field.     Verify Password   Required field.     Yes! I'd like to receive your periodic e-newsletter, and information about new features, products and member benefits. What is your occupation or job title? Select... Accountant (CPA) Business Owner/Self Employed Executive (CEO,CIO,CFO,CTO) Consultant Engineer Financial Planner / Advisor (CFP,RIA) Financial Professional (Other) Insurance Agent (Other) Medical (MD, RN, etc.) Other Professional/Managerial Retired Sales / Marketing Stockbroker / Registered Rep (Series 7)   Required field.       Your registration indicates agreement to the Morningstar.com terms of use.         Already a Member? Please Log in.     Use your e-mail address and password to log in to the site.     E-mail Address     Password     Check this box and well automatically remember your login information.   If you have forgotten your e-mail address, please type your user name here, and type your password in the password field above.   User Name         Forget your password?  Click here for help.     To learn more about Free and Premium Membership, Click here.   Corrections Site Map Help Advertising Opportunities Licensing Opportunites Glossary Store © Copyright 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Quotes for NASDAQ are 15 minutes delayed. All other exchanges are delayed 20 minutes.
Trending: Video preview: Smart cities tour! SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet Video: Holiday gift guide 2016 Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. First look: Visual Studio for Mac is here at last, almost Windows 10 quick tips: Get the most out of Cortana 6 ex-CIOs reveal lessons learned, biggest regrets Ultimate guide to setting up a small business Wi-Fi network More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Data Center High-Performance Computing (HPC) News ARM has a new weapon in race to build world's fastest computers ARM's new supercomputer chip design with vector extensions will be in Japan's Post-K computer, which will be deployed in 2020 By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Aug 22, 2016 12:01 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Fujitsu's PrimeHPC FX10 systems with ARM processors will power Japan's next Post-K supercomputer.  Credit: Fujitsu More like this After conquering the iPhone, chip designer ARM chases supercomputers Fujitsu turns to ARM for Post-K supercomputer See the powerful megachips that will clash at Hot Chips Video Mingis on Tech: From superfast SSDs to Bluetooth locks and solar shingles ARM conquered the mobile market starting with Apple's iPhone, and now wants to be in the world's fastest computers. A new ARM chip design being announced on Monday is targeted at supercomputers, a lucrative market in which the company has no presence. ARM's new chip design, which has mobile origins, has extensions and tweaks to boost computing power. The announcement comes a few weeks after Japanese company Softbank said it would buy ARM for a mammoth $32 billion. With the cash, ARM is expected to sharpen its focus on servers and the internet of things. ARM's new chip design will help the company on two fronts. ARM is sending a warning to Intel, IBM and other chip makers that it too can develop fast supercomputing chips. The company will also join a race among countries and chip makers to build the world's fastest computers. The chip design is being detailed at the Hot Chips conference in Cupertino, California, on Monday. Countries like the U.S., Japan and China  want to be the first to reach the exascale computing threshold, in which a supercomputer delivers 1 exaflop of performance (a million trillion calculations per second). Intel, IBM and Nvidia have also been pushing the limits of chip performance to reach that goal. Following Softbank's agreement to buy ARM, it should come as no surprise that the first supercomputer based on the new chip design will be installed in Japan. The Post-K supercomputer will be developed by Fujitsu, which dropped a bombshell in June when it dropped its trusty SPARC architecture in favor of ARM for high-performance computers. Fujitsu aided ARM in the development of the new chip. Post-K will be 50 to 100 times speedier than its predecessor, the K Computer, which is currently the fifth fastest computer in the world. The K Computer delivers 10.5 petaflops of peak performance with the Fujitsu-designed SPARC64 VIIIfx processor. The new ARM processor design will be based on the 64-bit ARM-v8A architecture and have vector processing extensions called Scalable Vector Extension. Vector processors drove early supercomputers, which then shifted over to less expensive IBM RISC chips in the early 1990s, and on to general-purpose x86 processors, which are in most high-performance servers today. In 2013, researchers said less expensive smartphone chips, like the ones from ARM, would ultimately replace x86 processors in supercomputers. But history has turned, and the growing reliance on vector processing is seeing a resurgence with ARM's new chip design and Intel's Xeon Phi supercomputing chip. The power-efficient chip design from ARM could crank up performance while reducing power consumption. Supercomputing speed is growing at a phenomenal rate, but the power consumption isn't coming down as quickly. ARM's chip design will also be part of an influx of alternative chip architectures outside x86 and IBM's Power entering supercomputing. The world's fastest supercomputer called the Sunway TaihuLight has a homegrown ShenWei processor developed by China. It offers peak performance of 125.4 petaflops. ARM has struggled in servers for half a decade now, and the new chip design could give it a better chance of competing against Intel, which dominates data centers. Large server clusters are being built for machine learning, which could use the low-precision calculations provided by a large congregation of ARM chips with vector extensions. ARM servers are already available, but aren't being widely adopted. Dell and Lenovo are testing ARM servers, and said they would ship products when demand grows, which hasn't happened yet. ARM server chip makers are also struggling and hanging on with the hope the market will take off someday. AMD, which once placed its server future on ARM chips, has reverted back to x86 chips as it re-enters servers. Qualcomm is testing its ARM server chip with cloud developers, and won't release a chip until the market is viable. AppliedMicro scored a big win with Hewlett Packard Enterprise, which is using the ARM server chips in storage systems. Other ARM server chip makers include Broadcom and Cavium. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: High Performance Computing (HPC) Computer Processors Servers Computer Hardware 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources 3 Tips to Deliver Fast Performance Across Mobile Web Big Data for Good: Using Data & Analytics to Benefit Society (And Make Money) Closing the Customer-Experience Gap with Digital-Performance Management From 0 to DevOps in 80 Days: Lessons Learned Moving from On-Prem to Cloud Native Harnessing the Three Forms of Big Data Analytics Innovation Go Top Stories Pelosi says UC IT workers are in ‘untenable position’ House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi is urging the University of California to drop plans to send some... Voting security experts tell Clinton to demand recount Hillary Clinton, the apparent loser in the recent U.S. presidential race, should ask for voting... Holiday shopping by mobile phone? Beware fake apps and bad Wi-Fi hotspots The smartphone risk is higher this year than in 2015. There are more active cyber criminals and many... On first day in office, Trump to attack visas that 'undercut the American President-elect Donald Trump on Monday sent out the strongest signal yet that the H-1B visa program is... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »

Home Special Reports System-Level Design Low Power - High Performance Manufacturing Design & Test IoT, Security & Automotive Knowledge Center Startup Corner Semi Jobs Industry Research MENU Home System-Level Design Low Power-High Performance Manufacturing, Design & Test IoT, Security & Automotive Knowledge Center Startup Corner Jobs Industry Research Special Reports Home > Manufacturing, Design & Test > What Transistors Will Look Like At 5nm Manufacturing, Design & Test What Transistors Will Look Like At 5nm As finFETs run out of steam after 7nm, what comes next? The debate is just beginning. August 18th, 2016 - By: Mark LaPedus Chipmakers are currently ramping up 16nm/14nm finFET processes, with 10nm and 7nm just around the corner. The industry also is working on 5nm. TSMC hopes to deliver a 5nm process by 2020. GlobalFoundries, Intel and Samsung are doing R&D for that node. But 5nm technology presents a multitude of unknowns and challenges. For one thing, the exact timing and specs of 5nm remain cloudy. Then, there are several technical and economic roadblocks. And even if 5nm happens, it’s likely that only a few companies will be able to afford it. “My current assumption is that 5nm will happen, but it won’t hit high-volume manufacturing until after 2020,” said Bob Johnson, an analyst at Gartner. “If I were to guess, I’d say 2021 to 2022.” At 5nm, it will cost $500 million or more to design a “reasonably complex SoC,” Johnson said. In comparison, it will cost $271 million to design a 7nm SoC, which is about 9 times the cost for a 28nm planar device, according to Gartner. For those who can afford to migrate to 5nm, there are two main transistor contenders at this node—the finFET and the lateral gate-all-around FET. Gate-all-around (GAA), sometimes called the lateral nanowire FET, is a finFET on its side with a gate wrapped around it. In fact, momentum is building for gate-all-around in the industry. “GAA transistors provide better electrostatics than finFETs, which should allow for some additional gate length scaling,” said Mark Bohr, a senior fellow and director of process architecture and integration at Intel. But the jury is still out on the feasibility of gate-all-around, prompting the industry to consider finFETs at 5nm. Regardless of the architecture, the challenge is to develop 5nm designs that go beyond niche-oriented markets at the high end. Otherwise, the return-on-investment is questionable. “I know there will be a 5nm generation, covering a range of product types,” Bohr said. For now, gate-all-around is generating the most buzz, although this technology presents several challenges in the fab. Making the patterns, gates, nanowires and interconnects are all challenging. In addition, process control could be a nightmare. And, of course, the ability to make gate-all-around FETs in a cost-effective manner is key. To help the industry gain some insights into gate-all-around FETs, Semiconductor Engineering has taken a look at the basic process flow and the challenges with this technology. Additionally, there is a discussion on futuristic devices, such as complementary FETs and vertical nanowires. What is gate-all-around? Today, chipmakers are ramping up finFETs, but not everyone is at the leading edge. In logic, for example, the sweet spot is still at the 40nm and 28nm planar nodes. Many foundries, in fact, have recently “experienced a surge in 28nm business, especially from communication customers,” said Po Wen Yen, chief executive of United Microelectronics Corp. (UMC), during a recent conference call. For example, UMC’s 28nm fab utilization rate is more than 90% in Q3 of 2016, up from around 70% in the previous period, Yen said. The market also is heating up at the high end. Starting at 22nm and 16nm/14nm, chipmakers migrated from planar devices to finFET transistors. The reason is that finFETs help solve the short-channel effects in planar devices. In finFETs, the control of the current is accomplished by wrapping around a gate on each of the three sides of a fin. Eventually, the finFET runs into several issues, though. “Post-7nm, we do see some challenges,” said Kelvin Low, senior director of foundry marketing for Samsung. “We have enjoyed increased Vcc (supply voltage) performance gain every time we scale down the CPP (contacted poly pitch). We think we are at a cliff right now at 7nm CPP dimensions. So something has to be done with different device structures and different stress techniques to address this trend.” Moreover, the copper interconnects—those tiny wiring schemes in devices—are becoming more compact at each node, causing an increase in the resistance-capacitance (RC) delay in chips. “We expect RC delay to go up significantly,” Low said. Generally, though, the finFET can be extended to 5nm, although that may require new channel materials. One idea is to inject silicon germanium (SiGe) for pMOS. “This will allow you to get more performance without having to scale the (fin) height,” said Mike Chudzik, senior director of strategic planning at Applied Materials. “Actually, it doesn’t allow you to scale the gate length. But it enables improved mobility.” But once the fin width reaches around 5nm, the finFET runs out of steam. “You can scale your fin,” Chudzik said. “Then, all of a sudden, you get quantum confinement. Your bandgap goes up as the fins get very, very narrow. And then your threshold voltage shifts up.” That’s why chipmakers are interested in gate-all-around. “(Gate-all- around is) much more complicated than what we’re doing now, but it’s a natural progression of the finFET,” said Dave Hemker, senior vice president and chief technology officer at Lam Research. On the surface, gate-all-around resembles a MOSFET, where a gate is sandwiched between the source and a drain. In addition, gate-all-around also consists of a finFET. But unlike today’s finFETs, where the fins are in a vertical fashion, the finFET is turned on its side in gate-all-around. Gate-all-around FET also incorporates three or more nanowires. The nanowires, which form the channels, are suspended and run from the source to the drain. The dimensions are staggering. For example, IMEC recently demonstrated a gate-all-around FET in which each nanowire is 8nm in diameter. A high-k/metal-gate structure, which controls the flow of the current, fills the gap between the source and drain. Still, the question is clear—Why go to gate-all-around? “Actually, I suggest it’s not particularly better in electrostatics,” Applied’s Chudzik said. “You want to go to gate-all-around because of variability and variability performance.” Others agreed. “It’s not like from finFET to gate-all-around that you get a huge advantage,” said David Fried, chief technology officer at Coventor. “You get a little bit of extra electrostatic control of the transistor.” The big benefit, according to Fried, is the ability is to scale the gate length. “So, you get the full wrap around and a little bit of electrostatic control,” he said. “Gate-all-around also says you will get some gate scaling.” So, which architecture—the finFET or gate-all-around—is superior for 5nm? It’s unclear right now, as each technology has some advantages and disadvantages. Chipmakers face some tough decisions. “There will be two or three or more finFET nodes, and it will really be a question of whether you’re changing the material, or whether you go to horizontal nanowire,” Lam’s Hemker said. “The transistor hasn’t changed, but (the question is) can you get the I^on/I^off with the feature size that you need?” In addition, there are other options on the table at 5nm, such as 2.5D stacked die and 3D devices, among others. EPFL’s conceptual image of a gate-all-around FET. Making gate-all-around There are several ways to make gate-all-around FETs. In one simple flow, a chipmaker first decides on the channel materials for the pFET and nFET structures. The options for pFET are silicon, germanium (Ge) or SiGe. For the nFET, silicon, SiGe, Ge or a III-V material could be used. Ge and III-V have higher mobility properties than silicon, but these exotic materials suffer from defect and reliability issues. So, perhaps a simpler approach is to use silicon and/or SiGe. “Silicon germanium is a more benign material than jumping to germanium and III-V,” said Dan Mocuta, director of logic devices and integration at Imec. Case in point: Imec’s gate-all-around process starts by forming a super-lattice structure on top of a bulk CMOS substrate. Imec’s super-lattice, square-shaped structure consists of a stack of alternating layers of SiGe and silicon. Ideally, a stack would consist of three layers of SiGe and three layers of silicon. Making a (flat) finFET Once the super-lattice stack is developed, the finFET is formed. In gate-all-around, the fin is on its side. Still, the process steps follow a traditional finFET flow. Using traditional doping techniques from an ion implanter, a source and drain are formed on top of the super-lattice square stack. A source is formed on one end of the stack, while the drain is developed on the other end. Following that step, the top of the super-lattice structure is patterned in the form of the letter “H”. Then, after several lithography and etch steps, the structure then resembles the letter “H”. The H-like figure is lying flat. The two tall structures (I I) in the H-like figure at each side represent the source and drain. The middle portion (-) is part of the fin. This process presents some challenges. For the patterning steps, there are two lithographic options today—extreme ultraviolet (EUV) lithography and 193nm immersion. Both EUV and immersion would also require a multiple patterning scheme at 5nm. Chipmakers could use both technologies at 5nm. Regardless, they want EUV for 7nm and/or 5nm to simplify the patterning steps in the flow. “Without EUV, the mask layers could explode,” Samsung’s Low said. “With EUV, we are talking about less mask layers.” EUV, however, is still not in production amid a number of challenges with the power source, photoresists and the mask infrastructure. Today, ASML is shipping the latest version of its EUV scanner—the NXE:3350B. The 13.5nm wavelength tool has a numerical aperture of 0.33 and a resolution of 16nm half-pitch. ASML also is upgrading the scanner from an 80-watt to a 125-watt source. This, in turn, will boost the throughputs to 85 wafers per hour (wph), up from 55 to 65 wph. In addition, ASML is readying another version of its EUV scanner line—the NXE:3400B. Targeted for 5nm, the NXE:3400B has a 13nm resolution. The company also plans to ship a power source at around 200 watts (or more) by this year or next. But as before, chipmakers want EUV scanners with a 250-watt source to put the technology in mass production. This would enable a throughput of 125 wph. “We still need a lot more work to be done to get the throughput for EUV lithography where we need it to be,” said Harry Levinson, senior fellow and senior director of technology research at GlobalFoundries. In addition, chipmakers also are struggling to obtain EUV resists that enable patterns below 30nm half-pitch. “If we have resist sensitivities of 20 millijoules per centimeter square, we can get close to cost parity with immersion triple patterning,” Levinson said. “Based on the data we’ve seen to date, we don’t think we are going to be able to have sufficiently low line edge roughness with 20 millijoule per centimeter square resists. But perhaps for the 7nm node, 30 millijoules per centimeter square might be possible. That doesn’t bring us to cost parity with immersion triple patterning. But given some of the other advantages with EUV lithography, particularly the cycle time, this still may be a true value proposition and justify the use of EUV lithography at 7nm,” he said. Making nanowires The next step is perhaps the most difficult in gate-all-around—making the nanowires. After the patterning steps, the structure resembles an H-like figure. As stated above, the two tall structures (I I) represent the source and drain. The middle portion (-) is where you make the nanowires. For this step, Imec and others have developed a replacement metal gate process. Initially, the middle portion is a super-lattice structure, which consists of an alternating layer of SiGe and silicon. Using a replacement process, the goal is to remove the SiGe layers in the alternating stack. This, in turn, leaves the silicon layers with a space in between them. Basically, each silicon layer forms the basis of a nanowire. And each nanowire has been strained with SiGe to boost the channel mobility. Ideally, a device would have three separate nanowires. Each nanowire runs in a horizontal direction. And each nanowire is suspended and runs from the source to the drain. Basically, the three nanowires are placed on top of each other (top, middle and bottom). The nanowires are separated by a space and are not touching each other. Typically, chipmakers use an etch tool to remove materials in this gate replacement process. But traditional etchers won’t necessarily work at the required dimensions for gate-all-around. The challenge is to remove the SiGe in the gaps that measure 15 angstroms or less. (One angstrom equals 0.1nm.) The other challenge is to remove the SiGe without disturbing the other parts of the device. For this process, chipmakers would use a next-generation etch technology called atomic layer etch (ALE), which selectively and precisely removes targeted materials at the atomic scale. In theory, ALE can remove the SiGe between the silicon layers without causing damage or leaving residue. “The idea is to remove the silicon germanium selectively to the silicon,” said Matt Cogorno, global product manager at Applied Materials. “So with this selective etch process, you create these nanowires.” There are some challenges, however. “There is a parasitic channel formed under the nanowires. You have to find a way to cut off that leakage through that parasitic channel,” Imec’s Mocuta said. “The way we do that is what we call ground plane doping. We dope the region before we deposit this super-lattice structure. That cuts off the leakage and improves the sub-threshold slope.” Imec’s gate-all around FET with two stacked nanowires. Gates and interconnects Now, the device requires a gate. Using atomic layer deposition (ALD), high-k/metal-gate materials are deposited in the tiny gap between the source and drain. So, in effect, the gate surrounds each of the nanowires. “There are some serious deposition challenges here,” Coventor’s Fried said. “In a finFET, you look down into a gate trench. You see the fin there. You deposit materials everywhere. You have to worry about the sidewalls of the fin a little bit. But you can see where you are depositing.” It’s a different story for gate-all-around. “Now, when I look down, I see these wires. I need to deposit materials all the way around them in places I can’t see. And I need to get a high-quality conformal coating,” Fried said. Others agreed. “You don’t have any line of sight at all. Not only are you coating around the wire, but you have to coat on the underside of the wire. It’s really dependent on chemistries that work perfectly,” said Mohith Verghese, director of global product marketing at ASM International (ASMI). The solution? “We will see a re-emergence of thermal ALD. It’s completely chemistry dependent,” Verghese said. Generally, thermal ALD involves a binary process with two reactants—A and B. The first reactant, A, is pumped into the ALD chamber. The wafer is processed and then the chemistries are purged. Then, the second reactant, B, undergoes the same step. Ultimately, though, the interconnects could be the biggest roadblock at 5nm. To solve the RC delay issues, chipmakers will need new breakthroughs. “It’s a difficult problem,” Lam’s Hemker said. “You will need to attack this problem on all fronts. It’s going to take a comprehensive solution of materials, equipment, integration schemes and device layouts.” What’s next? In R&D, chipmakers are also looking at 3nm and beyond, although it’s unclear if these nodes will ever happen. For 3nm, the industry is exploring horizontal gate-all-around FETs and vertical nanowire FETs. “We’re doing work with some universities on vertical nanowires, too, which are great if you can actually make them and make contacts to them. Now you’ve decoupled transistor performance from the density. You have to shrink them down and make them smaller and smaller, so leakage goes up every generation. This way the leakage is dependent on how tall is the wire, and the packing density is the diameter. So now they’re more independent. You still have to etch these things and fabricate them and there’s a lot of work that has to be done,” Hemker said. In addition, the complementary FET is also generating some buzz. This device resembles a horizontal gate-all-around. One nanowire is an nFET, while the next one is a pFET. And so on. “You isolate these devices and stack them in the third dimension,” Coventor’s Fried said. “That would be a paradigm shift. It’s a complete shift in getting circuit density. That’s really challenging.” Related Stories Will 5nm Happen? 5nm Fab Challenges Tags: 10nm 14nm 5nm 7nm ALD ALE Applied Materials ASMI ASML bandgap contacted poly pitch Coventor EUV finFET GAA Gartner gate-all-around FET GlobalFoundries horizontal nanowire FET IMEC Intel Lam Research Samsung UMC Mark LaPedus   (all posts) Mark LaPedus is Executive Editor for manufacturing at Semiconductor Engineering. memister EUV pellicles can’t handle 250 W at this point AmazighNArif I am more concered about the density. And the increase of watts per mm2. Sang Kim Sang Kim I have already covered 5nm and 7nm for some details. Therefore, I am not going to repeat here again unless for some clarifications needed. Manufacture-ability at 5nm is also discussed. In order for 5nm to happen it must be manufacture-able. Depositing such an ultrathin 5nm film uniformly and reliably over 12″ wafers at manufacturing line will be extremely difficult and may not be manufacture-able. If not manufacture-able, that is the end of 5nm. In my opinion the nanowire or gate-all-around(GAA)device that doesn’t have the substrate unlike conventional transistors will not work at any technology node. When electrons and holes are generated at the drain during normal GAA device operation, electron go to the positively biased drain with no harm but where the hole to go? Only place for holes to go is the n+ source because of thin BOX(Burred Oxide) layer below, thus forming a parasitic n+source and p+hole diode, resulting in n+source and p+hole diode leakage current failure. That is the end of GAA device.   Trending Articles Why EUV Is So Difficult One of the most complex technologies ever developed is getting closer to rollout. Here’s why it took so long, and why it still isn’t a sure thing. by Mark LaPedus Silicon Photonics Comes Into Focus Using light to move large quantities of data looks promising, but gaps remain and the adoption timeline will vary by application. by Ed Sperling Will 5G Enable Connected Cars? New standards are being considered for automobiles, but there are still a myriad of issues to be resolved. by Ann Steffora Mutschler Embedded FPGAs Going Mainstream? Programmable devices are being adopted in more market segments, but they still haven’t been included in major SoCs. That could change. by Brian Bailey Moore’s Law Debate Continues As the industry speculates about 5nm and below, questions surrounding node shrinks remain. by Ann Steffora Mutschler Knowledge Centers Entities, people and technologies explored Learn More Related Articles What Transistors Will Look Like At 5nm As finFETs run out of steam after 7nm, what comes next? The debate is just beginning. by Mark LaPedus Focus Shifts To Architectures As chipmakers search for the biggest bang for new markets, the emphasis isn’t just on process nodes anymore. But these kinds of changes also add risks. by Ed Sperling Deeper Inside Intel Top process execs shed light on 10nm and beyond, plans for longer time between nodes, and the future of EUV, finFETs and stacked die. by Mark LaPedus Neural Net Computing Explodes Deep-pocket companies begin customizing this approach for specific applications—and spend huge amounts of money to acquire startups. by Gale Morrison Packaging Wars Begin OSATs and foundries begin to ramp offerings and investments in preparation for mainstream multi-chip architectures. by Mark LaPedus The Zen Of Processor Design AMD’s CTO talks about how to achieve more performance per watt and how chip architectures are changing. by Ed Sperling Why EUV Is So Difficult One of the most complex technologies ever developed is getting closer to rollout. Here’s why it took so long, and why it still isn’t a sure thing. by Mark LaPedus Sorting Out Next-Gen Memory A long list of new memory types is hitting the market, but which ones will be successful isn’t clear yet. by Mark LaPedus Sponsors Newsletter Signup Email: Interests: System-Level Design Low Power-High Performance Manufacturing, Design & Test IoT, Security & Automotive Popular Tags 2.5D 3D-IC 7nm 10nm 14nm ANSYS Apple Applied Materials ARM Arteris Atrenta automotive business Cadence economics EDA emulation eSilicon EUV FD-SOI finFETs GlobalFoundries IBM Intel Internet of Things IoT IP lithography Mentor Graphics MIT Moore's Law NXP Open-Silicon Qualcomm Rambus Samsung security SEMI software Sonics stacked die STMicroelectronics Synopsys TSMC verification Recent Comments Chris on Why EUV Is So Difficult Ed Sperling on Making 2.5D, Fan-Outs Cheaper Dev Gupta on Making 2.5D, Fan-Outs Cheaper Rotating Foil Trap on Why EUV Is So Difficult Mark LaPedus on Can We Measure Next-Gen FinFETs? sandy on Why EUV Is So Difficult witeken on Can We Measure Next-Gen FinFETs? Tapaswi Khamar on The ABCs Of ISO 26262 En Chuan Lio on Why EUV Is So Difficult memister on More EUV Mask Gaps Deploying Multi-Beam Mask Writers Mark LaPedus < Previous Article Next Article > Mask Maker Worries Grow Mark LaPedus About About us Contact us Advertising on SemiEng Newsletter SignUp Navigation Homepage Special Reports System-Level Design Low Power-High Perf Manufacturing Des & Test IoT, Security & Automotive Knowledge Centers Startup Corner Bus & Marketing Strategies Connect With Us Facebook Twitter @semiEngineering LinkedIn YouTube Copyright ©2013-2016 SMG   |  Terms of Service  |  Privacy Policy
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 22 August 2016 | MYT 7:00 AM Intel showcases ‘merged reality' with Project Alloy headset Groundbreaking product?: Intel claimed that Project Alloy completely redefines what's possible from a VR device. — AFP Relaxnews At the Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco, USA, the microprocessor maker demo-ed Project Alloy, a standalone virtual reality headset allowing wearers to explore and interact with a virtual world while keeping one foot firmly in reality. The headset was presented by Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, who claimed that Project Alloy completely redefines what's possible from a VR device. In fact, Project Alloy offers a new immersive experience thanks to Intel RealSense technology, which notably monitors the various movements of the body. The headset is a completely standalone device, with no need to hook up to a computer or external sensors, so wearers can move around and explore virtual environments with total freedom. It is, however, equipped with several cameras that scan the surrounding environment so that wearers can also interact with real-world objects when the need arises. This could be climbing stairs or opening a door, for example, or raising a glass to toast with another person. Intel is calling this approach to VR "merged reality." Virtual and augmented reality Although Project Alloy won't necessarily end up being released commercially, it's a formidable showcase for Intel's RealSense cameras (short- and long-range), which are already found in certain hybrid PCs. In 2017, Intel plans to open up this ecosystem to developers looking to create their own headsets and/or custom environments. Note that Intel is still working in close collaboration with software giant Microsoft (who already caused a stir with their HoloLens VR glasses) in the fields of virtual and augmented reality. Two major new virtual reality headsets are due out this fall, with the Oculus Rift landing in Europe Sept 20, followed by the PlayStation VR on Oct 13. Check out Intel's merged reality in this video. —  AFP Relaxnews  You May Be Interested Uber launches in congested Bangladesh capital Yew Sin-Ee Yi continue fine run in Hong Kong Pokémon Go: Dittos are hiding in plain sight Fraud in Felda Global Ventures Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Apple issues recall on September, October 2015 iPhone 6S Others Also Read Rostov stun Bayern to record first Champions League victory M’sia, Thailand to begin talks on Bangkok-KL HSR project - Thai Minister Japan enlists Sailor Moon to promote safe sex advertisement Latest News Philippines money laundering body charges bankers for ignoring cyberheist Google nears tax settlement with Indonesian government: sources The new Vivo V5 takes the selfie crown Self-driving car group urges US regulators to clear road Singapore unveils self-driving scooter, ideal for phone-obsessed walkers Most Viewed in Tech Apple issues recall on September, October 2015 iPhone 6S Viral video will crash your iPhone The new Vivo V5 takes the selfie crown Pokémon Go: Dittos are hiding in plain sight Google nears tax settlement with Indonesian government: sources Self-driving car group urges US regulators to clear road Israeli firm can steal phone data in seconds Singapore unveils self-driving scooter, ideal for phone-obsessed walkers Pokémon Go says thanks and reshuffles CP Watch your self-ie! India tops ranking for selfie deaths Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Linux FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! Intel's New Joule IoT Development Board Is Powered by Snappy Ubuntu Core GO Ubuntu Snappy makes the device secure and up to date Aug 21, 2016 23:00 GMT  ·  By Marius Nestor  ·  Share:  Canonical, through Amrisha Prashar, has had the pleasure of announcing that their popular Snappy Ubuntu Core operating system is now available for Intel's recently launched Joule development board. Yes, you're reading it right, Intel released an IoT (Internet of Things) single-board computer (see the attached image to see what's included in the retail package) and Canonical is always on top of things making its Ubuntu Snappy Core operating system compatible with the latest development boards and embedded devices. "The new Intel Joule is a powerful board targeted at IoT and robotics makers and runs Ubuntu for a smooth development experience. It’s also affordable and compact enough to be used in deployment, therefore Ubuntu Core can be installed to make any device it’s included in secure and up to date … wherever it is!" reads the announcement. Intel Joule-powered Turtlebot robot runs ROS on Ubuntu Snappy Core Of course, Intel Joule also supports ROS (Robot Operating System), which provides all the required tools and libraries a software developer needs to create robot applications for devices that are powered by the Intel Joule development board. Mixing ROS with Ubuntu Snappy Core makes the development process smoother than ever. On this occasion, we would also like to inform the reader that the Snappy Ubuntu Core operating system is a stripped down version of popular Ubuntu Linux distribution, and it's being targeted at autonomous machines, embedded devices and other internet-connected digital things (a.k.a. IoT devices), such as drones, home robots, and A.I. kits. You can find out more about the Snappy Ubuntu Core operating system via its official homepage, where you'll be able to download the latest version and install it on your new Intel Joule development board. In the meantime, check out the video demo below to see the Intel Joule-powered Turtlebot robot running ROS on Ubuntu Snappy Core. Play Video #Intel Joule#IoT#Ubuntu Core#Snappy Ubuntu#Linux subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news SparkyLinux 4.4 "Tyche" Arrives Powered by Linux Kernel 4.6.4, Debian Testing Linux Mint 18 "Sarah" KDE Edition Beta Officially Released Based on Ubuntu 16.04 4MRescueKit 19.0 Enters Beta, Gets Antivirus Live CD 19.0-0.99.2 & 4MParted 19.0 Linux Kernel 4.7.2 Is a Big Update with Numerous AMDGPU and ARM64 Improvements Donald Trump, Tim Cook Discuss Building iPhones in the United States iPhone 8 to Feature Traditional Wireless Charging like the Samsung Galaxy S7 Lenovo Builds a New Microsoft Surface Clone and It Looks Fabulous Anonymous Hackers Want McAfee to Be Trump’s Security Adviser, Call for March HTC Desire 650 Announced, a Low Mid-End Smartphone for the Masses Glossy Black Galaxy S7 edge Leaks in Live Pictures Download Windows 10 64-bit Drivers for Acer’s Aspire TC-710 Desktop Model Intel Rolls Out Several New BIOS Versions for Its NUC Kits and Compute Sticks    Intel Joule runs Snappy Ubuntu Core New Linux Apps Vendetta Online: A MMORPG (Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game) that takes place in space Ruby: An object-oriented programming language for GNU/Linux and UNIX-like operating systems Opera: Surf the Internet in a safer, faster and easier way with the Opera browser for Linux Google Chrome: The powerful, lightweight and easy-to-use web browser developed by the well known Google company Doomsday Engine: An Open Source 3D-graphics enhanced game engine for Doom, Heretic, and Hexen games GNOME Software: A free project that provides a Software Center app of the GNOME desktop environment GNOME Music: Listen to music, upload music and share audio files across devices with this GNOME app Reader comments Major Cryptsetup Vulnerability Affects Some LUKS-Encrypted GNU/Linux Systems more on: CVE-2016-4484 i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
null
null
null
null
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel Corporation’s Kaby Lake-X Gaming Chip Promises to Be a Beast Intel's investment in segment-specific products could be set to pay off nicely here. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Aug 21, 2016 at 11:05AM Image credit: Intel.  Website Coolaler recently leaked information about a few of microprocessor-giant Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) upcoming processors targeted specifically at the gaming market based on its upcoming Kaby Lake architecture. The highest end of these parts, the Core i7 7700K, will pack four processor cores running at a base clock of 4.2GHz and a maximum single core turbo speed of 4.5GHz -- a solid increase from its Skylake-based predecessor, which ran at 4GHz base and sported a single-core turbo speed of 4.2GHz. Although this part, which is part of the Kaby Lake-S family of processors, should be quite compelling for both gamers and enthusiasts, I can't help but be even more excited for another part that the chipmaker plans to release, known as Kaby Lake-X. Based on the leaks, Kaby Lake-X looks as though it'll be based on the same basic silicon as Kaby Lake-S, but it will plug into the company's upcoming high-end desktop motherboards rather than the mainstream desktop motherboards that Kaby Lake-S will. The leaks also show that Intel plans to rate these chips at a 112-watt thermal design power, up from the 95-watt thermal design power of the Core i7 7700K. Here's why Kaby Lake-X could be a big deal for gamers and PC enthusiasts. Freakish out-of-the-box speeds coming? The Kaby Lake-S based Core i7 7700K will already feature the fastest out-of-the-box single core speed that Intel has ever shipped in a consumer product, at 4.5GHz. This will beat out the Core i7-4790K that the company released back in 2014, which hit a maximum single-core turbo of 4.4GHz out of the box. Note that the i7 7700K is rated at a 95-watt thermal design power. By bumping up the thermal design power to 112 watts for Kaby Lake-X, Intel should have additional headroom to boost out-of-the-box speeds beyond what the company will ship with the 7700K. Now, 112 watts represents a roughly 18% increase in power budget. It might be too optimistic to expect frequency to scale linearly with the increased power budget, so perhaps a part that runs at 18% higher base/boost speeds might be too optimistic to expect. However, if Intel really wants to make something of a splash with this part -- and if we assume that the actual silicon can handle it -- a part that runs at 4.5GHz base/5GHz boost could potentially turn heads. More importantly, it's the kind of part that Intel could probably charge a significant premium for as games tend to benefit greatly from very high per-core performance. At the very least, we can expect base frequency in excess of 4.2GHz and a maximum single core turbo in excess of 4.5GHz. It's good to see Intel building enthusiast-targeted parts At the end of the day, it's important for Intel to be aggressive in building segment-specific products, particularly for segments that are growing, such as gaming. Based on what I'm seeing, it looks like the company understands this and is making a genuine effort to build such compelling, targeted products. If Intel is successful, these efforts should ultimately pay off in the form of increased unit volume shipments, as well as richer average selling prices. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Aug 21, 2016 at 11:05AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $35.15 down $0.34 (-0.94%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Begins Shipping Samples of Beastly Skylake-X Gaming Chip 1 Way Qualcomm Inc. Is Leaving Intel Corporation in the Dust Intel Corporation's Internet of Things Business Delivers Strong Growth What’s Next for Intel Corporation's Big Deep-Learning Buy Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null

Bereiche News Rewind Tipps & Berichte Forum Galerie Journals Events Umfragen Themenwoche Kleinanzeigen Interaktiv Anmelden Registrierung Zu allen empfangenen Nachrichten Suche... Zur erweiterten Suche Tipp: Touch Bar konfigurieren Barrierefreie Technologie Live-Test MacBook Pro 15'' iPhone komplett löschen Mediengestalter gesucht! Zukunft des Campus I Streaming-Pionier geschluckt Siri-Vorschläge deaktivieren ELAC Element Apples neues Fotobuch iPhone nass geworden? WLAN-Probleme beheben Apple prüft iPhone-Produktion in den USA In-App-Käufe wiederherstellen Dateien sicher löschen Anmelden Forum>Hardware>Auswertung EtreCheck - CPU Auslastung von launchcd Auswertung EtreCheck - CPU Auslastung von launchcd Lockenheld21.08.1615:03 Hallo, ich habe in letzter Zeit vermehrt das Problem, dass der Prozess "launchcd" meine CPU und die Lüfter ziemlich zum schwitzen bringt. Nach ein wenig Recherche bin ich auf EtreCheck gestoßen. Leider weiß ich nicht bei allen Problemen, wie sie zu beheben sind. Daher würde ich mich über Ratschläge freuen. Ergebnis EtreCheck version: 3.0.1 (304) Report generated 2016-08-21 14:10:55 Download EtreCheck from https://etrecheck.com Runtime 9:48 Performance: Below Average Click the [Support] links for help with non-Apple products. Click the [Details] links for more information about that line. Problem: Computer is too slow Hardware Information: ? MacBook Pro (13-inch, Early 2011) [Technical Specifications] - [User Guide] - [Warranty & Service] MacBook Pro - model: MacBookPro8,1 1 2.3 GHz Intel Core i5 CPU: 2-core 8 GB RAM Upgradeable - [Instructions] BANK 0/DIMM0 4 GB DDR3 1333 MHz ok BANK 1/DIMM0 4 GB DDR3 1333 MHz ok Bluetooth: Old - Handoff/Airdrop2 not supported Wireless: en1: 802.11 a/b/g/n Battery: Health = Normal - Cycle count = 608 Video Information: ? Intel HD Graphics 3000 - VRAM: 512 MB Color LCD 1280 x 800 System Software: ? OS X Yosemite 10.10.1 (14B25) - Time since boot: about one day Disk Information: ? Hitachi HTS545032B9A302 disk0 : (320,07 GB) (Rotational) EFI (disk0s1) <not mounted> : 210 MB Recovery HD (disk0s3) <not mounted> [Recovery]: 650 MB Macintosh HD (disk1) / [Startup]: 318.84 GB (7.36 GB free) (Low!) Core Storage: disk0s2 319.21 GB Online MATSHITADVD-R UJ-8A8 () USB Information: ? Apple Inc. FaceTime HD Camera (Built-in) Apple Inc. BRCM2070 Hub Apple Inc. Bluetooth USB Host Controller Apple Inc. Apple Internal Keyboard / Trackpad Apple Computer, Inc. IR Receiver Thunderbolt Information: ? Apple Inc. thunderbolt_bus Configuration files: ? /etc/hosts - Count: 19 Gatekeeper: ? Mac App Store and identified developers Kernel Extensions: ? /Library/Application Support/Avast/components/fileshield/unsigned [loaded] com.avast.AvastFileShield (3.0.0 - SDK 10.9 - 2016-08-18) [Support] /Library/Application Support/Avast/components/proxy/unsigned [loaded] com.avast.PacketForwarder (2.1 - SDK 10.11 - 2016-08-18) [Support] /Library/Application Support/Roxio [not loaded] com.roxio.TDIXController (1.6 - 2014-12-21) [Support] /Library/Extensions [loaded] at.obdev.nke.LittleSnitch (3.5 - SDK 10.8 - 2016-04-15) [Support] [loaded] com.Perfect.Driver.SystemAudioRecorder (1.1.0 - SDK 10.9 - 2016-04-15) [Support] /System/Library/Extensions [not loaded] com.AmbrosiaSW.AudioSupport (4.1.2 - SDK 10.7 - 2016-08-18) [Support] [loaded] com.Cycling74.driver.Soundflower (1.6.6 - SDK 10.6 - 2016-08-18) [Support] [not loaded] com.caiaq.driver.NIUSBAudio4DJDriver (2.5.3 (R74) - SDK 10.7 - 2016-08-18) [Support] [not loaded] com.elgato.driver.DontMatchAfaTech (1.1 - 2016-08-18) [Support] [not loaded] com.elgato.driver.DontMatchCinergy450 (1.1 - 2016-08-18) [Support] [not loaded] com.elgato.driver.DontMatchCinergyXS (1.1 - 2016-08-18) [Support] [not loaded] com.elgato.driver.DontMatchEmpia (1.1 - 2016-08-18) [Support] [not loaded] com.elgato.driver.DontMatchVoyager (1.1 - 2016-08-18) [Support] [not loaded] com.metakine.handsoff.driver (2.0.8 - SDK 10.6 - 2016-08-18) [Support] System Launch Agents: ? [not loaded] 6 Apple tasks [loaded] 138 Apple tasks [running] 59 Apple tasks System Launch Daemons: ? [not loaded] 45 Apple tasks [loaded] 135 Apple tasks [running] 82 Apple tasks Launch Agents: ? [running] at.obdev.LittleSnitchUIAgent.plist (2014-12-21) [not loaded] com.adobe.AAM.Updater-1.0.plist (2016-05-15) [Support] [loaded] com.adobe.CS5ServiceManager.plist (2013-08-21) [running] com.avast.secureline.update-agent.plist (2016-07-20) [Support] [loaded] com.avast.secureline.userinit.plist (2016-07-20) [running] com.avast.update-agent.plist (2016-08-19) [Support] [loaded] com.avast.userinit.plist (2016-08-19) [failed] com.google.keystone.agent.plist (2016-07-11) [running] com.metakine.handsoff.agent.plist (2013-08-22) [loaded] com.oracle.java.Java-Updater.plist (2015-03-14) [not loaded] com.teamviewer.teamviewer.plist (2013-09-04) [not loaded] com.teamviewer.teamviewer_desktop.plist (2013-09-04) [Support] Launch Daemons: ? [running] at.obdev.littlesnitchd.plist (2014-12-21) [loaded] com.adobe.SwitchBoard.plist (2013-08-21) [loaded] com.adobe.agsservice.plist (2016-05-15) [Support] [loaded] com.adobe.fpsaud.plist (2016-06-29) [loaded] com.ambrosiasw.ambrosiaaudiosupporthelper.daemon.plist (2013-03-22) [loaded] com.avast.init.plist (2016-08-19) [loaded] com.avast.secureline.init.plist (2016-07-20) [loaded] com.avast.secureline.uninstall.plist (2016-07-20) [loaded] com.avast.secureline.update.plist (2016-07-20) [loaded] com.avast.uninstall.plist (2016-08-19) [loaded] com.avast.update.plist (2016-08-19) [loaded] com.charlessoft.pacifist.helper.plist (2014-12-11) [Support] [running] com.elgato.EyeConnect.plist (2014-02-11) [loaded] com.google.keystone.daemon.plist (2016-07-11) [not loaded] com.gopro.stereomodestatus.plist (2013-09-10) [running] com.metakine.handsoff.daemon.plist (2013-08-22) [loaded] com.microsoft.office.licensing.helper.plist (2010-08-31) [loaded] com.oracle.java.Helper-Tool.plist (2015-03-14) [loaded] com.rogueamoeba.instanton-agent.plist (2014-03-25) [loaded] com.surteesstudios.Bartender.BartenderInstallHelper.plist (2016-08-18) [Support] [not loaded] com.teamviewer.teamviewer_service.plist (2013-09-04) [Support] [running] com.tunabellysoftware.TGFanHelper.plist (2016-08-18) [Support] [loaded] de.meilenstein.MSTFirstRunInstaller.plist (2014-11-17) [Support] [loaded] de.meilenstein.MSTHostPreferences.plist (2014-11-17) [Support] User Launch Agents: ? [loaded] com.adobe.AAM.Updater-1.0.plist (2013-08-21) [Support] [failed] com.adobe.ARM.[...].plist (2014-12-28) [loaded] com.adobe.ARM.[...].plist (2013-09-25) [loaded] com.avast.home.userinit.plist (2016-08-19) [loaded] com.avast.secureline.home.userinit.plist (2016-07-20) [running] com.spotify.webhelper.plist (2016-08-05) [Support] [failed] com.wondershare.AnjoyTunesHelper.plist (2016-08-04) [Support] User Login Items: ? iTunesHelper Programm (/Applications/iTunes.app/Contents/MacOS/iTunesHelper.app) EyeTV Helper Programm Hidden (/Library/Application Support/EyeTV/EyeTV Helper.app) CoverSutra Programm Hidden (/Applications/CoverSutra.app) Jumpcut Programm Hidden (/Applications/Jumpcut.app) Dropbox Programm (/Applications/Dropbox.app) BetterTouchTool Programm (/Applications/BetterTouchTool.app) Caffeine Programm (/Applications/Caffeine.app) DaemonManager Programm (/Library/Printers/Samsung/Daemon/DaemonManager/DaemonManage r.app) Internet Plug-ins: ? Google Earth Web Plug-in: 7.1 (2015-08-05) [Support] Default Browser: 600 - SDK 10.10 (2014-12-21) AdobeAAMDetect: AdobeAAMDetect 1.0.0.0 - SDK 10.6 (2016-05-15) [Support] FlashPlayer-10.6: 22.0.0.209 - SDK 10.9 (2016-08-19) [Support] AdobePDFViewerNPAPI: 11.0.0 - SDK 10.6 (2012-09-24) [Support] Silverlight: 5.1.40416.0 - SDK 10.6 (2015-07-02) [Support] Flash Player: 22.0.0.209 - SDK 10.9 (2016-08-19) [Support] QuickTime Plugin: 7.7.3 (2014-12-21) NP_2020Player_IKEA: 5.0.94.1 - SDK 10.6 (2012-09-28) [Support] AdobePDFViewer: 11.0.0 - SDK 10.6 (2012-09-24) [Support] SharePointBrowserPlugin: 14.0.0 (2010-09-01) [Support] JavaAppletPlugin: Java 8 Update 101 build 13 (2016-08-10) Check version User internet Plug-ins: ? BlueStacks Install Detector: Unknown Audio Plug-ins: ? BartenderAudioPlugIn: 1.0.0 - SDK 10.10 (2015-12-01) [Support] 3rd Party Preference Panes: ? Flash Player (2016-06-29) [Support] GoPro (2014-01-19) [Support] Growl (2013-08-21) [Support] Java (2016-08-10) [Support] Native Instruments USB Audio (2013-03-18) [Support] TimeMachineScheduler (2012-07-29) [Support] Time Machine: ? Skip System Files: NO Mobile backups: OFF Auto backup: NO - Auto backup turned off Volumes being backed up: Macintosh HD: Disk size: 318.84 GB Disk used: 311.48 GB Destinations: MacBook Pro [Local] Total size: 320.13 GB Total number of backups: 2 Oldest backup: 26.09.13 22:59 Last backup: 26.09.13 22:59 Size of backup disk: Too small Backup size 320.13 GB < (Disk used 311.48 GB X 3) Top Processes by CPU: ? 84% firefox 48% WindowServer 6% parentalcontrolsd 5% kernel_task 5% Finder Top Processes by Memory: ? 1.07 GB firefox 885 MB kernel_task 262 MB mdworker(12) 238 MB mds_stores 221 MB iTunes Virtual Memory Information: ? 45 MB Free RAM 7.96 GB Used RAM (2.04 GB Cached) 0 B Swap Used Diagnostics Information: ? Aug 21, 2016, 02:08:52 PM /Library/Logs/DiagnosticReports/firefox_2016-08-21-140852_[redacted].cpu_resource.diag [Details] /Applications/Firefox.app/Contents/MacOS/firefox Aug 20, 2016, 11:05:58 AM /Library/Logs/DiagnosticReports/Kernel_2016-08-20-110558_[redacted].panic [Details] Aug 20, 2016, 11:04:57 AM Self test - passed Aug 19, 2016, 08:09:52 PM /Library/Logs/DiagnosticReports/WindowServer_2016-08-19-2009 52_[redacted].cpu_resource.diag [Details] /System/Library/Frameworks/ApplicationServices.framework/Fra meworks/CoreGraphics.framework/Resources/WindowServer Aug 19, 2016, 07:58:57 PM ~/Library/Logs/DiagnosticReports/garcon_2016-08-19-195857_[redacted].crash com.getdropbox.dropbox.garcon - /Applications/Dropbox.app/Contents/PlugIns/garcon.appex/Cont ents/MacOS/garcon Aug 19, 2016, 01:19:21 PM /Library/Logs/DiagnosticReports/firefox_2016-08-19-131921_[redacted].cpu_resource.diag [Details] Aug 18, 2016, 10:23:03 PM ~/Library/Logs/DiagnosticReports/BetterTouchTool_2016-08-18- 222303_[redacted].crash com.hegenberg.BetterTouchTool - /Applications/BetterTouchTool.app/Contents/MacOS/BetterTouch Tool Aug 18, 2016, 09:44:29 PM ~/Library/Logs/DiagnosticReports/garcon_2016-08-18-214429_[redacted].crash Files deleted by EtreCheck: ? Aug 18, 2016, 10:12:19 PM - ~/Library/LaunchAgents/com.apple.CSConfigDotMacCert-[redacted]@me.com-SharedServices.Agent.plist Kommentare 12＞| sffan21.08.1615:14 com.avast.uninstall.plist Genau das Richtige.. Schmeiss' erst mal den Virenscanner runter. Dann dürfte es besser aussehen.. Growl Flash Silverlight.. Ne hübsche Sammlung.. Growl mach auch mal gerne Probleme und flash und Silverlight sind Einfallstore für die Probleme, die Du mit avast bekämpfen willst.. Und dann wird auch etwas Ram frei. Das ist aufgrund Deiner Programmsammeleidenschaft auch etwas knapp.. bestbernie21.08.1615:43 Nebenbei solltest du auch überprüfen, warum so viele Programme abstürzen, normal ist das auch nicht. Und avast ist wirklich eher Schadsoftware, als das es einen Nutzen bringt, das ist für jedes Problem gut. sffan21.08.1620:09 Lockenheld OS X Yosemite 10.10.1 (14B25) Warum nicht auf 10.10.5 upgedated ? Sind jede Menge Fehler und sicherheitslücken gefixt worden. Macintosh HD: Disk size: 318.84 GB Disk used: 311.48 GB Überfüllte Festplatte - aufräumen und lokale tm backups ausschalten.. Ich denke mal das sind genug Ansatzpunkte, wenn Du das abgearbeitet hast, kannst Du ja einen neues log reinstellen. Der mac sollte dann aber schon besser laufen.. Von der MTN-App gesendet. dom_beta21.08.1620:20 sffan Warum nicht auf 10.10.5 upgedated ? oder 10.11.6 „..“ Lockenheld23.08.1623:14 sffan Lockenheld OS X Yosemite 10.10.1 (14B25) Warum nicht auf 10.10.5 upgedated ? Sind jede Menge Fehler und sicherheitslücken gefixt worden. Macintosh HD: Disk size: 318.84 GB Disk used: 311.48 GB Überfüllte Festplatte - aufräumen und lokale tm backups ausschalten.. Ich denke mal das sind genug Ansatzpunkte, wenn Du das abgearbeitet hast, kannst Du ja einen neues log reinstellen. Der mac sollte dann aber schon besser laufen.. Ich habe schon mehrmals nach Dateien gesucht, die ich löschen könnte - bin aber nicht fündig geworden. Ich lege mit meinem Mac auf und habe daher sehr viel Musik fest gespeichert. Außerdem habe ich beruflich viele Dateien drauf. Woran siehst du, dass tm backups vorhanden sind? Ich nutze kein tm? Wann ja, wo und wie kann ich sie löschen. john23.08.1623:51 mit dem system legst du auf? mutig. cs5 installiert und 19 einträge in der etc/hosts? alles klar. die restlichen wesentlichen baustellen wurden ja bereits genannt. „biete support. kostenlos, kompetent und freundlich. wähle zwei.“ Von der MTN-App gesendet. dom_beta24.08.1600:06 john mit dem system legst du auf? mutig. Wieso ist das mutig? „..“ john24.08.1600:09 wie wieso? weil ihm ständig alles wegbricht, programme abstürzen, seine cpu durch launchd-dienste kocht und er allen möglichen crap da drauf hat. darum mutig. wenn ihm während seines sets sein traktor wegbricht, möcht ich die langen gesichter mal sehen auf dem floor. „biete support. kostenlos, kompetent und freundlich. wähle zwei.“ Von der MTN-App gesendet. Technobilder24.08.1601:42 Leider werden Dir hier die wenigsten Nutzer helfen. Für den Grossteil der hier kommentierenden (hast Du ja auch schon gelesen) gibt es nur eine Lösung - sobald die einen Virenscanner sehen, oder Startobjekte raten sie Dir am besten alles zu löschen - oder einen Clean Install - ach was kauf dir gleich einen neuen Rechner... Ich hab dasselbe Problem wie Du - komischerweise ist es zeitweise garnicht vorhanden, dann wieder einige Wochen extrem verstärkt. Ich hab dann auch alle möglichen Startobjekte gelöscht - nur meinen Virenscanner (Bitdefender) nicht denn der ist nicht die Ursache. Nachdem ich das Problemeinige Monate habe und beobachte kann ich für mich feststellen das es vermutlich mit Dateizugriffen zusammenhängt. Bei mir ist die Auslastung hoch wenn Programme die Disk indexieren (zB mein Backupprogramm) oder ich mit Lightroom arbeite und dabei auf die SSD zugegriffen wird. Im normalen Alltag habe ich seit Wochen keine Probleme - ich habe aber vor 2 Monaten mein MacBook Retina zur Reinigung gegeben damit es drinnen mal sauber gemacht wird. Vermutlich ist bei Deinem MacBook inzwischen auch Staub im inneren der natürlich die Wärmeabfuhr behindert und dann drehen die Lüfter höher. Ich habe mir deswegen auch iStatsMenu gekauft um mir die Lüfteraktivität anzeigen lassen zu können. Allerdings bisher ohne sichtbares Ergebnis - vermutlich dauert es einige Monate bis genug Staub im Inneren ist das es sich auswirkt (lach) sffan24.08.1603:33 Lockenheld Woran siehst du, dass tm backups vorhanden sind? Ich nutze kein tm? Wann ja, wo und wie kann ich sie löschen.korrekt tm lief nur kurz 2013. Ich hatte das Datum überlesen. Falls Du nix zum löschen findest, ist vielleichr die disk inzwischen einfach zu klein? Von der MTN-App gesendet. sffan24.08.1603:36 Technobilder Puhh. Der nick kommt mir irgendwie bekannt vor.. Ich bin dann mal weg.. Von der MTN-App gesendet. john24.08.1605:35 @technobilder dass du dich überhaupt noch traust hier zu schreiben. wolltest du nicht nicht fernhalten von - deiner meinung nach - all den idioten hier und dir ein forum suchen, was deiner grosskotzigkeit eher entspricht? wie undankbar kann man eigentlich sein? erst im eigenen thread mit der zugemülltesten maschine, die dieses forum wohl je gesehen hat, jeden (guten!) rat von erfahrenen menschen, die wissen wovon sie reden, ausschlagen und alles besser wissen und jetzt auch noch in anderen threads für stunk sorgen. an deiner stelle hätte ich mich schon alleine aus scham lange still verabschiedet. „biete support. kostenlos, kompetent und freundlich. wähle zwei.“ Lockenheld24.08.1609:22 Um die "Hardwarekomponente Staub" auszuschließen. Ich kann ja selbst das Macbook aufschrauben und Staub entfernen. Oder geht es um Stellen, die nur ein Techniker erreichen kann? adiga24.08.1610:06 john @technobilder erst im eigenen thread mit der zugemülltesten maschine, die dieses forum wohl je gesehen hat, Danke. Und ich dachte schon diesen Titel wäre meiner Maschine zugewiesen worden Dann war es damals doch nur "eine der zugemülltesten Maschine.." @Lockenheld: Ich kann Dich verstehen, habe damals ähnlich reagiert bei meinem ähnlichen Problem, als John (und andere) mir die gleichen Tipps gegeben haben. Habe ein bisschen ungehalten reagiert, glücklicherweise hat dies John nicht abgehalten mir zu helfen. Und so sehr ich davon zurückgescheut bin, habe ich (dank TM) den Clean Install durchgeführt, die Programme (oder neudeutsch Apps?) neu installiert und vom TM die Daten zurück geholt. Seitdem läuft das Ding perfekt. Bei der Musik würde ich mir überlegen, diese auf eine externe Festplatte auszulagern und dann diese zum Auflegen mitzunehmen. Mittlerweile gibt es 2TB Platten, welche kaum grösser wie ein Smartphone sind. Was die Adobe Produkte (host datei) betrifft, würde ich die löschen, wenn Du professionell auflegst. Und Avast und Little Snitch würde ich nicht mehr installieren. Letzteres nur wenn Du wirklich weisst, was Du damit tust. Und bevor Du die Kiste platt machst, natürlich zuerst ein Backup (mit TM) machen. Und was die Seriösität der Tipps betrifft, würde ich mich zu 100% auf John festlegen. Seine Tipps mögen manchmal hart tönen, sind aber korrekt. MikeMuc24.08.1610:10 Ale allerwichtigstes wird sein das du deine Platte aufräumst und Daten auslagerst. 7 GB freier Speicher sind des Systems Tod. Dann schau das du den Avast und die restlichen oben empfohlene Software deinstallierst. Das mit CS4 und den Kosteinträgen läßt tief blicken, ist aber dein Bier und schadet hier nicht. Aber wenn du die Software nicht wirklich brauchst dann deinstallieren die, das gibt auch ein wenig Speicher auf der Platte frei. Erst dann schraub das Ding auch wenn du unbedingt willst. Beim Staub "ausblasen" klemme den Lüfter ab oder blockiere ihn damit er nicht hoch dreht. Den jeder Motor ist im "Umkehrbetrieb" ein Dynamo und erzeugt Strom. Zuviel davon mögen die Bauteile auf der Platine gar nicht gern. Lockenheld24.08.1610:15 Also die Musik bleibt definitiv auf meiner internen Festplatte. Ich habe mich gestern noch von ein paar alten Sachen getrennt, somit sind jetzt 24 GB frei. Avast habe ich auch schon runtergeschmissen. Selbst während ich nur diese Zeilen hier tippe, läuft "launchd" wieder mit 70% mit und bringt die Lüfter zum Glühen. Jeronimo24.08.1610:19 Technobilder Leider werden Dir hier die wenigsten Nutzer helfen. Ach. Aber ellenlanges Geschwafel hilft? Und das dann resultierend im hirnlosesten Lösungsansatz ever – sich mit iStat Menus die Lüfteraktivität anzeigen lassen? Ich hab hier gar nicht so viel Wände, gegen die ich jetzt meinen Kopp hauen möchte. „For those who understand, no explanation is necessary; for those who don't understand, no explanation is possible.“ Lockenheld24.08.1610:37 Also ich hatte das Macbook auch gerade auf. Da war so gut wie keinerlei Staub im Bereich der Lüfter. StefanE24.08.1610:42 Lockenheld Wie hast du denn Avast entfernt? Ist meines Wissens gar nicht so leicht, den komplett zu entfernen. daneben noch der erste Post von sffan. Ich persönlich würde die Liste noch um Java erweitern. Prüfe mal, was du davon unbedingt brauchst. Und Flash für den Browser ist mittlerweile meist überflüssig. Außer einige Seiten, die noch darauf bestehen. Achtung: Hier gibt es aber einen Deinstaller von Adobe(!) - nur mit dem wird der komplett entfernt. Dann checke noch all deine Launch Daemons und Agents sowie Login-Items. Alles was nicht unbedingt notwendig ist sollte hier am besten raus. Zu guter letzt: Neustart des Macs. Behebt auch manche Probleme. Wie immer gilt aber: Bevor du groß was änderst - mach ein Backup! „Wer die Freiheit aufgibt, um Sicherheit zu gewinnen, wird am Ende beides verlieren!“ adiga24.08.1610:48 Wenn Du Flash wirklich benötigst, dann installiere doch Chrome. Da laufen Flashfilme. Ich würde kein Add-In für Safari laden extra für Flash. Lockenheld24.08.1612:58 Silverlight habe ich auch schon runtergeschmissen. Doofe Frage, aber Youtube braucht doch auch Flash? Also wenn ich zurückblicke habe ich in Firefox viele Seiten, die den Flash Player benötigen. Wenn ich mich recht entsinne, hatte ich vor kurzer Zeit irgendein "Programm" installiert. Seitdem läuft der Lüfter quasi auf Dauerschleife. Ich habe es aber wieder auf dem "normalen" Wege runtergeworfen (Papierkorb ziehen). Wahrscheinlich sind dort Reste dageblieben. Gibt es irgendeine Möglichkeit zu sehen, welche Programme/Tools wann installiert wurden? dom_beta24.08.1613:02 Lockenheld Doofe Frage, aber Youtube braucht doch auch Flash? Nein. „..“ Jeronimo24.08.1613:05 Lockenheld Doofe Frage, aber Youtube braucht doch auch Flash? Nein, nicht mehr. Hier mal eine vermutlich eher unpopuläre Idee. Dein System ist ja immer noch auf (einer frühen Version von) Yosemite. Sofern Du keinen hieb- und stichfesten Grund hast, El Capitan zu meiden, würde ich darauf upgraden. Und zwar frisch. Sprich: Komplettes Backup machen, Volume löschen, El Capitan neu installieren. Dann die Programme, die Du wirklich brauchst (gute Gelegenheit zum Ausmisten) von Grund auf neu installieren. Vor allen Dingen nicht mit dem Migrationsassistent die Daten vom Backup zurückholen, so fängst Du Dir den ganzen Schrott wieder ein, der Dir vorher das Leben schwer gemacht hat. Dauert das? Ja, tut es. Aber überleg mal, wieviel Zeit Du schon in das Troubleshooting (inkl. Postings hier) gesteckt hast, und wieviel Zeit Dir durch ein suboptimales System flöten geht. Wenn dann Sierra kommt und Du upgraden willst, geht das von einem frischen EC-Install wesentlich stressfreier als von einer jahrelang durch "Programme" (wie Du es nennst ) zugemüllten Installation. „For those who understand, no explanation is necessary; for those who don't understand, no explanation is possible.“ StefanE24.08.1613:06 Lockenheld Silverlight habe ich auch schon runtergeschmissen. Doofe Frage, aber Youtube braucht doch auch Flash? Also wenn ich zurückblicke habe ich in Firefox viele Seiten, die den Flash Player benötigen. Wenn ich mich recht entsinne, hatte ich vor kurzer Zeit irgendein "Programm" installiert. Seitdem läuft der Lüfter quasi auf Dauerschleife. Ich habe es aber wieder auf dem "normalen" Wege runtergeworfen (Papierkorb ziehen). Wahrscheinlich sind dort Reste dageblieben. Gibt es irgendeine Möglichkeit zu sehen, welche Programme/Tools wann installiert wurden? Youtube braucht schon lange keinen FlashPlayer mehr. Es nutzt diesen nur noch, wenn er auf dem System vorhanden ist. Ansonsten HTML5. Entferne den Flashplayer doch einmal und dann gehe deine wichtigen und meistgenutzten Seiten (samt Funktionen) durch und schau, ob der Flashplayer unbedingt notwendig ist. Evtl. gibt es Alternative Seiten oder auch Apps dafür . Ansonsten nutze die Seiten wie bereits vorgeschlagen einfach im Chrome Browser. Falls du auch Amazon Video verwendest: Dieses greift nur in bestimmten Browsern auf den HTML5 Player zurück. ob Firefox dabei ist weiß ich nicht, Safari ist nicht dabei. Ich selbst nutze dafür den Opera Browser. zu deiner zweiten Frage: Ja gibt es: In den Systeminformationen Programme (oder so ähnlich) „Wer die Freiheit aufgibt, um Sicherheit zu gewinnen, wird am Ende beides verlieren!“ dom_beta24.08.1613:18 Jeronimo Sofern Du keinen hieb- und stichfesten Grund hast, El Capitan zu meiden, würde ich darauf upgraden. Es gibt meines Erachtens nach keinen Grund, nicht auf "El Capitan" umzusteigen. „..“ matt.ludwig24.08.1614:54 dom_beta Jeronimo Sofern Du keinen hieb- und stichfesten Grund hast, El Capitan zu meiden, würde ich darauf upgraden. Es gibt meines Erachtens nach keinen Grund, nicht auf "El Capitan" umzusteigen. Es gibt Leute die es einfach nicht möchten. Wann geht das endlich mal in deinen Kopf? Jeronimo hat schon recht, damit wirst du definitiv alle Altlasten los. Wenn ich mich recht entsinne, hatte ich vor kurzer Zeit irgendein "Programm" installiert. Seitdem läuft der Lüfter quasi auf Dauerschleife. Ich habe es aber wieder auf dem "normalen" Wege runtergeworfen (Papierkorb ziehen). Wahrscheinlich sind dort Reste dageblieben. Gibt es irgendeine Möglichkeit zu sehen, welche Programme/Tools wann installiert wurden? Ja im Terminal per: grep 'Installed' /private/var/log/install.log Lockenheld24.08.1615:32 Also Growl und Flash habe ich gerade per Deinstaller runtergeschmissen ... Ich update noch nicht, weil ich nicht weiß, wie es mit meiner DJ Software (Traktor) aussieht - ob sie problemlos läuft. Wegen dem Auflegen bin ich immer ein bisschen bei "nver change a running system" ... StefanE24.08.1615:41 Lockenheld Ich update noch nicht, weil ich nicht weiß, wie es mit meiner DJ Software (Traktor) aussieht - ob sie problemlos läuft. Wegen dem Auflegen bin ich immer ein bisschen bei "nver change a running system" ... Also ich kenne die Software nicht, habe aber mal schnell geschaut: Traktor Pro/LE 2 von Native-Instruments soll in der Version 2.10 kompatibel sein. Danach sollte einem Update doch nichts im Wege stehen. Aber immer ein Backup machen Du könntest El Capitan auch erst auf einer externen Platte installieren und es testen bevor du dich für das Update entscheidest. „Wer die Freiheit aufgibt, um Sicherheit zu gewinnen, wird am Ende beides verlieren!“ sierkb24.08.1615:45 Lockenheld: Wegen dem Auflegen bin ich immer ein bisschen bei "nver change a running system" ... Du hast Dich hier gemeldet, weil Dein system eben nicht mehr so runnt... Weil es total bis Oberkante Unterlippe zugemüllt ist. Kein Wunder, dass das System stockt und Atemnot hat bzw. bekommt und nicht so rund läuft wie es soll. Also solltest Du die Tipps hier beherzigen und es mal gründlich aufräumen und ausmisten oder vielleicht mal ganz frisch neu aufsetzen und dann nur das installieren und am Laufen haben, das Du zum Auflegen unbedingt brauchst, alles andere gehört auf so ein Arbeitsgerät dann nicht drauf, kann weggelassen werden, sollte zugunsten Luft und Raum für die eigentlich zu verrichtenden Tätigkeiten weggelassen werden, bläht und bremst nur unnötig auf. Zum Auflegen brauchst Du sicher nur die Hälfte von dem, was Du da alles installiet hast, wenn überhaupt. Mache das System mal rank und schlank, bringe es auf einen aktuellen Stand, und dann hast Du auch mit dem obersten und wichtigsten Prozess des Systems (launchd), der alle anderen Prozesse startet, steuert und in Gang hält, auch kein Problem mehr. Und bzgl. Backup: das sowieso haben und vorhalten und aktuell halten. Jeronimo24.08.1616:02 Lockenheld Wegen dem Auflegen bin ich immer ein bisschen bei "nver change a running system" ... Na Du bist mir ja ein Herzchen. Dann verschwende hier auch bitte nicht anderer Leute Zeit, wenn Dein system so super runnt und Du es never changen willst. „For those who understand, no explanation is necessary; for those who don't understand, no explanation is possible.“ Lockenheld24.08.1616:21 Nein, nein ... nicht falsch verstehen Bis vor ein paar Wochen lief ja auch alles gut. Da hatte ich keine Probleme. Erst seitdem der Lüfter durchdreht und "launchd" mir die CPU wegfrisst. Seitdem habe ich hier Probleme. Das bedeutet ja, dass es davor auch zugemüllt war - aber irgendetwas hat ihm den letzten Rest gegeben. Ich habe erst letzte Woche ein Backup mit "superduper" gemacht. Momentan fahre ich bei Traktor noch 2.0.1. Deswegen ziere ich mich so, das update aufzuspielen. sffan24.08.1618:28 Lockenheld Also die Musik bleibt definitiv auf meiner internen Festplatte. Ich habe mich gestern noch von ein paar alten Sachen getrennt, somit sind jetzt 24 GB frei. Tipp: Nicht neu, aber nützlich: Damit kann man graphisch aufbereitet nach Platzfresser suchen und so vielleicht noch Platz schaffen. 24 GB sind immer noch zu wenig. Lockenheld Selbst während ich nur diese Zeilen hier tippe, läuft "launchd" wieder mit 70% mit und bringt die Lüfter zum Glühen.Das ist nicht normal. evtl. sollte die "Datenbank", auf die lauchd aufsetzt, mal neu aufgebaut werden. sffan24.08.1618:45 Ein Schuss ins Blaue: Waren nicht unter Yosemite noch die Wifi-Probleme durch den neuen Netzwerkdienst präsent? Durch den Rollback auf den "alten Dienst" durch apple wurde es m.E. ab 10.10.4 zumindest wieder besser.. Lockenheld: Kanns sein, daß Du über WiFi ins Internet gehst, während launchd cpu zeit frisst? Ist das besser, wenn Du wifi ausschaltest und testweise mit einen guten alten Lan-Kabel am Router ins I-Net gehst? Wenn ja: wäre es ein gutes Argument noch mal aufzuräumen (Platz für update) und zumindest auf 10.10.5 zu gehen. Ein post eines neuen etrechk-logs könnte auch was bringen. Dann sieht man was inzwischen weg ist und ob sich nun neue Macken zeigen. Ein Blick in die Konsole-app könnte auch was bringen. Probleme mit launchd führen oft zu Einträgen in den logs ,die die Konsole aufbereitet darstellt. sierkb24.08.1619:54 Lockenheld: Was sagt die Aktivitätsanzeige sortiert nach %CPU? Welcher Prozess, welche App steht, wenn bei Dir die Lüfter auf Volllast drehen, ganz oben und verbraucht dann am Meisten? Lockenheld24.08.1621:35 Zum Aufäumen der Festplatte hatte ich "Omnidisksweeper" benutzt. Mit dem WLAN hat es nichts zu tun. Wenn ich auflege habe ich das WLAN aus und der Luft hat 8 Stunden Vollgas gegeben. Wenn die Lüfter durchdrehen und die CPU auf 100 steht, dann ist es launchd, der so viel frisst. @elias24.08.1621:54 @Lockenheld Lauchd ist das Management Framework das für das Starten, beenden und Verwalten von Prozessen zuständig ist. Es ist ein wichtiger Bestandteil des Systems und läuft so wie es soll. Die Last liegt bei dir an anderer Stelle und zwar hast du sehr viele Programme die in den LaunchDaemons und LauchAgents mit dem System gestartet werden und ständig im Hintergrund laufen. Firefox z.B. beansprucht sehr viel Speicher (weit über 1 GB) Avast und Adobe sind weitere Speicherfresser und darüber hinaus parentelcontrol (brauchst du das?) was die Prozesse überwacht. Speicher musst du frei machen 5 GB freier Speicher sind zu wenig. Wie du vorgehen musst da kann ich dir helfen aber wenn ich mir dein System so ansehe würde ich vorschlagen das du alle deine persönlichen Daten sicherst und das System neu aufsetzt. Wenn du das möchtest (oder Bereinigen) dann schreib kurz und ich werde dich Anleiten. sierkb24.08.1621:54 Lockenheld Wenn die Lüfter durchdrehen und die CPU auf 100 steht, dann ist es launchd, der so viel frisst. launchd ist Prozess Nummer 1 des Systems (PID 1), er startet das gesamte System nach dem Einschalten und mit dem Hochfahren, er hält das gesamte System am Laufen. Alle Prozesse, alle Programme, Daemons und Dienstprogramme, die das System am Laufen halten, werden von ihm durch nachgeordnete Kindprozesse gestartet und verwaltet. Oder andersherum ausgedrückt: jedes gestartete Programm, jede App, hat den launchd-Prozess mit der Prozess-ID 1 oder einen Fork davon zur Grundlage, der dann jene App, jenen Dienst, jenes Programm gestartet hat und steuert. Wenn also DIESER wichtigste und oberste Prozess, der alles am Laufen hält und steuert, bei Dir sowas zur Folge hat, dann scheint da irgendwas SEHR im Argen zu sein. Versuche mal rauszubekommen, welcher Folgeprozess, welche gestartete Applikation oder welcher Dienst via LaunchDaemon oder LaunchAgent launchd so auf Trab hält und beschäftigt. Was sagt ein Blick in /var/log/system.log? Entweder durch Blick in die Konsole (Konsole.app) oder zum Beispiel mit sudo tail -f /var/log/system.log oder sudo tail -n 200 -f /var/log/system.log (der Schalter -n 200 zeigt die letzten 200 Einträge an)? Zudem: brauchst Du wirklich ALLE Internet-Plugins, die da installiert sind? Das ist ja ein ganzer Zoo, und eines fragwürdiger als das andere. Brauchst Du das Java-Plufgin zum Auflegen? Brauchst Du Teamviewer zum Auflegen? Brauchst Du Office zum Auflegen? Brauchst Du meilenstein zum Auflegen? Brauchst Du die ganze Adobe Scheiße zum Auflegen? Etc. pp. Du hast 8GB RAM-Speicher. Knalle den mal nicht so voll mit unzähligen Hintergrundprogrammen (Daemons) und Plugins, die geladen werden. @elias24.08.1621:58 Wenn also DIESER wichtigste und oberste Prozess, der alles am Laufen hält und steuert, bei Dir sowas zur Folge hat, dann scheint da irgendwas SEHR im Argen zu sein. Blödsinn schau bitte hier sierkb24.08.1622:02 @elias: Ist schon richtig und kein Blödsinn, was ich da geschrieben habe. launchd , ersetzt seit Tiger vollständig den init-Prozess (PID 1) klassischer Unix-Systeme und tut noch Einiges mehr. Darüber müssen wir jetzt aber nicht streiten. Hier geht's um was anderes. @elias24.08.1622:07 Das ist doch richtig ist aber NICHT DER Prozess (wenn überhaupt) der für den Speicherhunger verantwortlich ist. Wenn du in die Lauch* Programme einfügst dann macht launchd genau das - es startet die Programme - sonst nichts. Ich habe zumindest noch nicht erlebt das launchd eine Meldung anzeigt das Programm xy sehr viel Speicher verbraucht. sierkb24.08.1622:19 @elias: Das ist doch richtig ist aber NICHT DER Prozess (wenn überhaupt) der für den Speicherhunger verantwortlich ist. Bitte lies mal von oben nach unten nochmal, was ich geschrieben habe. Weil ich das genauso sehe wie Du, frage ich da so gezielt nach und hab's erklärt. Weil es da irgendwas Anderes gibt, das diesen launchd-Prozess so auf Trab hält, der ist sicher NICHT die Ursache für das alles und nicht für die Prozessorlast, dieser launchd-Prozess, der da angeblich 100% zeigt, ist sicher nur Opfer und Folge eines anderen amoklaufenden Prozesses bzw. einer anderen Auslastung aber sicher nicht die Ursache. Deswegen mal ins Syslog reinschauen, was da drinsteht. Sehe ich doch eigentlich ganz genauso wie Du. Ich fühle mich von Dir grad' total missverstanden. Lockenheld24.08.1622:21 Aber "parentelcontrol" also die Kindersicherung habe ich doch gar nicht aktiviert?? Oder? Ich hatte oben doch geschrieben, dass ich vor kurzem ein Programm installiert hatte und dass es seitdem sehr viel schlimmer wurde. Das ganze war bartender. Ich hatte es manuell von der Platte geschmissen und habe jetzt gesehen, dass in den "launchdaemons" noch ein Eintrag dazu war. Die beiden launch Ordner kannte ich gar nicht, gescheigedenn deren Funktion. Habe dort jetzt auch mal aufgeräumt. Ich denke das wird man in der nächsten Auswertung sehen. Lockenheld24.08.1622:27 Hier die neue Auswertung EtreCheck version: 3.0.1 (304) Report generated 2016-08-24 22:24:33 Download EtreCheck from https://etrecheck.com Runtime 5:29 Performance: Below Average Click the [Support] links for help with non-Apple products. Click the [Details] links for more information about that line. Problem: Computer is too slow Hardware Information: ? MacBook Pro (13-inch, Early 2011) [Technical Specifications] - [User Guide] - [Warranty & Service] MacBook Pro - model: MacBookPro8,1 1 2.3 GHz Intel Core i5 CPU: 2-core 8 GB RAM Upgradeable - [Instructions] BANK 0/DIMM0 4 GB DDR3 1333 MHz ok BANK 1/DIMM0 4 GB DDR3 1333 MHz ok Bluetooth: Old - Handoff/Airdrop2 not supported Wireless: en1: 802.11 a/b/g/n Battery: Health = Normal - Cycle count = 611 Video Information: ? Intel HD Graphics 3000 - VRAM: 512 MB Color LCD 1280 x 800 System Software: ? OS X Yosemite 10.10.1 (14B25) - Time since boot: less than an hour Disk Information: ? Hitachi HTS545032B9A302 disk0 : (320,07 GB) (Rotational) EFI (disk0s1) <not mounted> : 210 MB Recovery HD (disk0s3) <not mounted> [Recovery]: 650 MB Macintosh HD (disk1) / : 318.84 GB (21.13 GB free) Core Storage: disk0s2 319.21 GB Online MATSHITADVD-R UJ-8A8 () USB Information: ? Apple Inc. FaceTime HD Camera (Built-in) Apple Inc. BRCM2070 Hub Apple Inc. Bluetooth USB Host Controller Apple Inc. Apple Internal Keyboard / Trackpad Apple Computer, Inc. IR Receiver Thunderbolt Information: ? Apple Inc. thunderbolt_bus Configuration files: ? /etc/hosts - Count: 19 Gatekeeper: ? Mac App Store and identified developers Kernel Extensions: ? /Library/Application Support/Roxio [not loaded] com.roxio.TDIXController (1.6 - 2014-12-21) [Support] /Library/Extensions [loaded] at.obdev.nke.LittleSnitch (3.5 - SDK 10.8 - 2016-04-15) [Support] [loaded] com.Perfect.Driver.SystemAudioRecorder (1.1.0 - SDK 10.9 - 2016-04-15) [Support] /System/Library/Extensions [not loaded] com.AmbrosiaSW.AudioSupport (4.1.2 - SDK 10.7 - 2016-08-18) [Support] [loaded] com.Cycling74.driver.Soundflower (1.6.6 - SDK 10.6 - 2016-08-18) [Support] [not loaded] com.caiaq.driver.NIUSBAudio4DJDriver (2.5.3 (R74) - SDK 10.7 - 2016-08-18) [Support] [not loaded] com.elgato.driver.DontMatchAfaTech (1.1 - 2016-08-18) [Support] [not loaded] com.elgato.driver.DontMatchCinergy450 (1.1 - 2016-08-18) [Support] [not loaded] com.elgato.driver.DontMatchCinergyXS (1.1 - 2016-08-18) [Support] [not loaded] com.elgato.driver.DontMatchEmpia (1.1 - 2016-08-18) [Support] [not loaded] com.elgato.driver.DontMatchVoyager (1.1 - 2016-08-18) [Support] [not loaded] com.metakine.handsoff.driver (2.0.8 - SDK 10.6 - 2016-08-18) [Support] System Launch Agents: ? [not loaded] 5 Apple tasks [loaded] 146 Apple tasks [running] 52 Apple tasks System Launch Daemons: ? [not loaded] 45 Apple tasks [loaded] 138 Apple tasks [running] 78 Apple tasks Launch Agents: ? [running] at.obdev.LittleSnitchUIAgent.plist (2014-12-21) Launch Daemons: ? [running] at.obdev.littlesnitchd.plist (2014-12-21) [loaded] com.ambrosiasw.ambrosiaaudiosupporthelper.daemon.plist (2013-03-22) User Launch Agents: ? [loaded] com.adobe.AAM.Updater-1.0.plist (2013-08-21) [Support] [failed] com.adobe.ARM.[...].plist (2014-12-28) [loaded] com.adobe.ARM.[...].plist (2013-09-25) [running] com.spotify.webhelper.plist (2016-08-05) [Support] [failed] com.wondershare.AnjoyTunesHelper.plist (2016-08-04) [Support] User Login Items: ? iTunesHelper Programm (/Applications/iTunes.app/Contents/MacOS/iTunesHelper.app) EyeTV Helper Programm Hidden (/Library/Application Support/EyeTV/EyeTV Helper.app) CoverSutra Programm Hidden (/Applications/CoverSutra.app) Jumpcut Programm Hidden (/Applications/Jumpcut.app) Dropbox Programm (/Applications/Dropbox.app) Caffeine Programm (/Applications/Caffeine.app) DaemonManager Programm (/Library/Printers/Samsung/Daemon/DaemonManager/DaemonManage r.app) Internet Plug-ins: ? AdobeAAMDetect: AdobeAAMDetect 1.0.0.0 - SDK 10.6 (2016-05-15) [Support] Default Browser: 600 - SDK 10.10 (2014-12-21) AdobePDFViewerNPAPI: 11.0.0 - SDK 10.6 (2012-09-24) [Support] AdobePDFViewer: 11.0.0 - SDK 10.6 (2012-09-24) [Support] NP_2020Player_IKEA: 5.0.94.1 - SDK 10.6 (2012-09-28) [Support] QuickTime Plugin: 7.7.3 (2014-12-21) SharePointBrowserPlugin: 14.0.0 (2010-09-01) [Support] Google Earth Web Plug-in: 7.1 (2015-08-05) [Support] JavaAppletPlugin: Java 8 Update 101 build 13 (2016-08-24) Check version User internet Plug-ins: ? BlueStacks Install Detector: Unknown Audio Plug-ins: ? BartenderAudioPlugIn: 1.0.0 - SDK 10.10 (2015-12-01) [Support] 3rd Party Preference Panes: ? GoPro (2014-01-19) [Support] Java (2016-08-10) [Support] Native Instruments USB Audio (2013-03-18) [Support] TimeMachineScheduler (2012-07-29) [Support] Time Machine: ? Skip System Files: NO Mobile backups: OFF Auto backup: NO - Auto backup turned off Volumes being backed up: Macintosh HD: Disk size: 318.84 GB Disk used: 297.72 GB Destinations: MacBook Pro [Local] Total size: 320.13 GB Total number of backups: 2 Oldest backup: 26.09.13 22:59 Last backup: 26.09.13 22:59 Size of backup disk: Too small Backup size 320.13 GB < (Disk used 297.72 GB X 3) Top Processes by CPU: ? 19% mds 14% mds_stores 10% WindowServer 8% mdworker(9) 3% kernel_task Top Processes by Memory: ? 549 MB firefox 544 MB kernel_task 254 MB Little Snitch Daemon 156 MB Dropbox 123 MB mdworker(9) Virtual Memory Information: ? 3.90 GB Free RAM 4.10 GB Used RAM (1.53 GB Cached) 0 B Swap Used Diagnostics Information: ? Aug 24, 2016, 10:15:55 PM Self test - passed Aug 24, 2016, 09:59:26 PM /Library/Logs/DiagnosticReports/Little Snitch Configuration_2016-08-24-215926_[redacted].hang /Applications/Little Snitch Configuration.app/Contents/MacOS/Little Snitch Configuration Aug 24, 2016, 09:57:36 PM /Library/Logs/DiagnosticReports/Little Snitch Configuration_2016-08-24-215736_[redacted].cpu_resource.diag [Details] Aug 24, 2016, 07:23:58 PM ~/Library/Logs/DiagnosticReports/InstallAssistant_2016-08-24 -192358_[redacted].crash com.apple.InstallAssistant.ElCapitan - /Applications/Install OS X El Capitan.app/Contents/MacOS/InstallAssistant Aug 24, 2016, 06:29:25 PM /Library/Logs/DiagnosticReports/Little Snitch Configuration_2016-08-24-182925_[redacted].hang Aug 24, 2016, 06:27:22 PM /Library/Logs/DiagnosticReports/Little Snitch Configuration_2016-08-24-182722_[redacted].cpu_resource.diag [Details] Aug 24, 2016, 03:24:28 PM ~/Library/Logs/DiagnosticReports/plugin-container_2016-08-24 -152428_[redacted].crash org.mozilla.plugincontainer - /Applications/Firefox.app/Contents/MacOS/plugin-container.ap p/Contents/MacOS/plugin-container Aug 24, 2016, 12:25:56 AM /Library/Logs/DiagnosticReports/fseventsd_2016-08-24-002556_ [redacted].crash /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreServices.framework/Versions/A /Frameworks/FSEvents.framework/Versions/A/Support/fseventsd Aug 22, 2016, 05:14:03 PM /Library/Logs/DiagnosticReports/fseventsd_2016-08-22-171403_ [redacted].crash Aug 22, 2016, 03:45:34 PM /Library/Logs/DiagnosticReports/firefox_2016-08-22-154534_[redacted].cpu_resource.diag [Details] /Applications/Firefox.app/Contents/MacOS/firefox Aug 20, 2016, 11:05:58 AM /Library/Logs/DiagnosticReports/Kernel_2016-08-20-110558_[redacted].panic [Details] Files deleted by EtreCheck: ? Aug 18, 2016, 10:12:19 PM - ~/Library/LaunchAgents/com.apple.CSConfigDotMacCert-[redacted]@me.com-SharedServices.Agent.plist sierkb24.08.1622:32 Lockenhead: Indem Du Dinge einfach in den Papierkorb ziehst, ist mitnichten in jedem Fall das betreffende Programm dann vollständig deinstalliert. Dann nämlich nicht, wenn es per Pkg-Installer daherkam (und ggf. dann auch noch Dienste installiert hat, die gesucht und gestartet werden wollen und ggf. nicht gefunden werden). So kommen i.d.R. nur Programme daher, die ihre Dateien in verschiedenen/mehreren Verzeichnissen und Systemverzeichnissen ablegen, deshalb dann per Installer. Zum Deinstallieren entweder den mitgelieferten Uninstaller des Programms benutzen oder auf der Hilfeseite des Herstellers nachschauen, wie man das Ding sauber und rückstandsfrei los wird. Ich hatte oben doch geschrieben, dass ich vor kurzem ein Programm installiert hatte und dass es seitdem sehr viel schlimmer wurde. Das ganze war bartender. Ich hatte es manuell von der Platte geschmissen und habe jetzt gesehen, dass in den "launchdaemons" noch ein Eintrag dazu war. Bartender2 (Mac): Uninstalling Bartender Bartender2 (Mac): Uninstalling Bartender 2 @elias24.08.1622:33 Das entfernen aus den Lauch-Ordnern hilft nicht viel da Programme die sich dort eintragen und erneut gestartet werden, schreiben wieder in diesen Ordnern. Du musst also damit beginnen einige Programme die du nicht mehr benötigst zu entfernen. Beginne mit Avast: ist zwar die 2015er aber der Prozess für die Deinstallation ist gleich. Leere die Caches von Safari und Firefox. Schau nach anderen Programmen die du nicht mehr benötigst - entferne diese. Starte in den gesicherten Modus und leere die Systemcaches. Du brauchst dich nicht Einloggen das System bereinigt während des Startvorgangs automatisch. Starte danach den Rechner neu. sierkb24.08.1622:47 Wozu brauchst Du ein Google Earth Plugin im Web-Browser? Und dann auch noch beim Musikauflegen. Das Plugin wird von Google eh nicht mehr gepflegt und wurde von Google abgeschossen. Weg damit. Verbraucht nur unnötig RAM-Speicher, wenn Du den Browser laufen hast. Wozu brauchst Du ein SharePointBrowser-Plugin im Web-Browser? Zum Auflegen von Musik? Weg damit, verbraucht nur unnötig RAM-Speicher, wenn Du den Browser laufen hast. Gleiches zu sagen zum NP_2020Player_IKEA Plugin. Adobes PDF Viewer ebenso. Der Mac hat einen eingebauten PDF-Viewer (Preview/Vorschau), Safari nutzt diesen. Firefox hat einen eigenen eingebauten PDF-Viewer (PDF.js, Opera findet den übrigens so gut, dass sie ihn übernommen haben und ebenso nutzen), auch da brauchst Du keine Adobe Viewer Plugin. Das Adobe-Geraffel brauchst Du dazu nicht. Verbrät nur unnötig RAM-Speicher und ist eine zusätzliche Problem- und Fehlerquelle, erst recht, wenn veraltet. Und, und, und. Und das alles brauchst Du wirklich zum Musik-Auflegen bzw. überhaupt? Really? Wollen wir doch mal sehen, ob wir mit Deiner tatkräftigen Unterstützung Dein System nicht wieder flott und um das Problem bereinigt und entschlackt kriegen. Wäre doch gelacht. @elias24.08.1622:58 User Login Items: ? EyeTV Helper Programm Hidden (/Library/Application Support/EyeTV/EyeTV Helper.app) CoverSutra Programm Hidden (/Applications/CoverSutra.app) Jumpcut Programm Hidden (/Applications/Jumpcut.app) Dropbox Programm (/Applications/Dropbox.app) Caffeine Programm (/Applications/Caffeine.app) DaemonManager Programm (/Library/Printers/Samsung/Daemon/DaemonManager/DaemonManage  r.app) All diese Login Items brauchst du nicht während des Logins (ausser vielleicht Dropbox) Gehe zu den Systemeinstellungen Benutzer und Gruppen Anmeldeobjekte und entferne die oben genannten Einträge. So lange das hier 4.10 GB Used RAM (1.53 GB Cached) bei dir steht musst du weiter aufräumen. Speichercache bedeute grob gesagt das der RAM-Speicher mit deinen Hintergrundprozessen-/Programm voll läuft und das System auf Festplatte schreiben muss. Eine Alternative wäre bei dir den RAM-Speicher aufzurüsten. Lockenheld24.08.1623:10 Wie kann ich die Internet Plug-ins und User Login Items entfernen? Also wie kann ich da Einstellugen vornehmen bzw. etwas löschen? Lockenheld24.08.1623:12 User Login Items habe ich gereinigt. Bleiben noch die WEB Plugins. someone24.08.1623:12 @elias So lange das hier 4.10 GB Used RAM (1.53 GB Cached) bei dir steht musst du weiter aufräumen. Speichercache bedeute grob gesagt das der RAM-Speicher mit deinen Hintergrundprozessen-/Programm voll läuft und das System auf Festplatte schreiben muss. Eine Alternative wäre bei dir den RAM-Speicher aufzurüsten.Das wage ich zu bezweifeln. Er hat ja 8 GB wovon 3.9 GB frei sind und auf die Festplatte musste genau gar nichts ausgelagert werden (0 B Swap). Cached steht fuer Daten welche im Memory gecached werden damit man schneller auf sie zugreifen kann, z.B. ein File das vorher von Disk gelesen wurde. Unbenutzter Ram nuetzt ja keinem was... Virtual Memory Information: ? 3.90 GB Free RAM 4.10 GB Used RAM (1.53 GB Cached) 0 B Swap Used  12＞| Kommentieren Sie müssen sich einloggen, um sich an einer Diskussion beteiligen zu können. Forum 21:35Macintosh PowerBook G3 "Wallstreet" / USB / ADB / PCMCIA(4) 20:50Gangreserve schon bei 5-7 Prozent Akku(12) 20:11Drucker: Multifunktionsgerät (Druck, Scan, Copy, Farbe) mit Duplex-Scan?(17) 20:09Es ist keine Tastatur angeschlossen(1) 20:07"langsames" MacBook Pro 15 late 2016(5) 19:45Safari unerwartet beendet - neues Macbook(0) 19:30Dial!List 1.7.6 stürtzt nach Update auf Sierra 10.12.2 beim Start ab(12) 18:24Wie kann man zukünftig Musik von iPhone/ Mac an Aktivboxen streamen?(10) 17:01iTunes Gutscheine im Angebot(799) 16:37iPhone kein sync mit iCloud, lokaler sync Foto-Ordner durcheinander, etc(6) 19:05MacTechNews-Redaktion auf Twitter(9) 15:15Themenwoche MTN(7) Zur aktuellen Themenwoche Galerie TW: Zürich (0) TW: Shwezigonpagodenspiegelungswunder (0) Novemberhimmel (6) Partnerlinks Amazon BlitzangeboteBIs zu 75 Prozent Rabatt auf populäre Artikel. Alle Angebote sind aber nur kurze Zeit verfügbar Logoist 2 - Beeindruckende Grafiken für Karten, Logos, Einladungen und vieles mehr erstellenVon Apple als "Beste App 2014" ausgezeichnet - mit Logoist 2 entwerfen Sie im Handumdrehen professionell aussehende Grafiken Apple Refurbished StoreBis zu 20 Prozent Rabatt auf neuwertige iMacs, MacBook Pro, MacBook Air und Mac mini Das iPhone 7 bei der Telekom reservieren und vorbestellen Top-News 22.11.16Neues MacBook Pro 15" mit Touch Bar im MTN Live-Test 20.11.16ELAC präsentiert High–End Stereo-Vollverstärker mit DAC zu einem attraktiven Preis 19.11.16Test (Teil 1): Zwei Multi-Connect Tastaturen für Mac und iDevices – Logitech K780 vs.... 18.11.16Apple prüft iPhone-Produktion in den USA 17.11.16Tipp für MacBook Pro 2016: Touch Bar konfigurieren oder als Bild speichern 12.11.16Backstage bei ELAC: So entsteht ein Hochklasse-Lautsprecher 10.11.16Chinesischer iCloud-Spam auf Kalender und Fotos - wie man sich zumindest etwas wehren... 10.11.16Apple-CEO Tim Cook nimmt Stellung zum US-Wahlergebnis 07.11.16Warnung vor App-Plagiaten im App Store 06.11.16Olympus E-M1 Mark II kommt im Dezember – zu einem heftigen Preis Umfragen Wie zufrieden sind Sie mit Apples »Hello Again«-Event? Vollends zufrieden, fantastische Neuvorstellungen 2,5 % Recht zufrieden, gute Weiterentwicklung der Produkte 13,9 % Neutral, es gab Licht und Schatten 15,7 % Recht unzufrieden, es hat zu viel gefehlt 39,6 % Vollends unzufrieden, Apple hat mich komplett enttäuscht 28,2 % 878 Stimmen 28.10.16 - 23.11.16 Events 29.11.16 - 02.12.16, ganztägigSLUSH 2016 - Start-up Event der DFHK (Helsinki) 01.12.16 14:00 UhrVMware-Webinar: Identity-, Mobility- und Access-Management leicht gemacht 16.12.16 18:00 UhrAppleTreff-Berlin 27.12.16 - 30.12.16, ganztägig33C3 - 33. Chaos Communication Congress (Hamburg) 05.01.17 - 08.01.17, ganztägigCES 2017 (Las Vegas) 13.02.17 - 14.02.17, ganztägigCode Media Conference (Kalifornien) 20.03.17 - 24.03.17, ganztägigCeBIT 2017 (Hannover) 18.04.17 09:00 Uhr - 21.04.17 16:00 UhrApple Schulung: iOS App Entwicklung mit Swift Galerie TW: Zürich (0) TW: Shwezigonpagodenspiegelungswunder (0) Novemberhimmel (6) Top-News 22.11.16Neues MacBook Pro 15" mit Touch Bar im MTN Live-Test 20.11.16ELAC präsentiert High–End Stereo-Vollverstärker mit DAC zu einem attraktiven Preis 19.11.16Test (Teil 1): Zwei Multi-Connect Tastaturen für Mac und iDevices – Logitech K780 vs.... 18.11.16Apple prüft iPhone-Produktion in den USA 17.11.16Tipp für MacBook Pro 2016: Touch Bar konfigurieren oder als Bild speichern 12.11.16Backstage bei ELAC: So entsteht ein Hochklasse-Lautsprecher 10.11.16Chinesischer iCloud-Spam auf Kalender und Fotos - wie man sich zumindest etwas wehren... 10.11.16Apple-CEO Tim Cook nimmt Stellung zum US-Wahlergebnis 07.11.16Warnung vor App-Plagiaten im App Store 06.11.16Olympus E-M1 Mark II kommt im Dezember – zu einem heftigen Preis Events 29.11.16 - 02.12.16, ganztägigSLUSH 2016 - Start-up Event der DFHK (Helsinki) 01.12.16 14:00 UhrVMware-Webinar: Identity-, Mobility- und Access-Management leicht gemacht 16.12.16 18:00 UhrAppleTreff-Berlin 27.12.16 - 30.12.16, ganztägig33C3 - 33. Chaos Communication Congress (Hamburg) 05.01.17 - 08.01.17, ganztägigCES 2017 (Las Vegas) 13.02.17 - 14.02.17, ganztägigCode Media Conference (Kalifornien) 20.03.17 - 24.03.17, ganztägigCeBIT 2017 (Hannover) 18.04.17 09:00 Uhr - 21.04.17 16:00 UhrApple Schulung: iOS App Entwicklung mit Swift 0 Bereiche News Rewind Forum Galerie Journals Umfragen Events Kleinanzeigen Interaktiv Einstellungen Registrierung Suche Archiv News Forum Services App News-Feed Rewind-Feed Forum-Feed Werbung Rechtliches Datenschutz Nutzungsbedingungen Impressum Social Facebook Twitter YouTube © 2016 Synium Software GmbH Zum Seitenanfang OK MacTechNews.de verwendet Cookies unter anderem für personalisierte Inhalte, Seitenanalyse und bei der Auslieferung von Google-Anzeigen. Dies war zwar schon immer so, auf Wunsch der EU muss nun jedoch explizit darauf hingewiesen werden. Durch Nutzung der Website erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden. Weitere Informationen
null
UPROXX News Sections Main The Intercept Fearless, Adversarial Journalism Election 2016 Featured News Is Obama Already Counseling Trump With His Televised Speeches? News When Police Wear Body Cameras, Who Gets To See The Footage? Entertainment Sections TV Movies Hitfix What's Alan Watching Inside Television with Alan Sepinwall The Oscar Chase Chronicling the 2016 Awards Season Gaming Web Culture Featured FilmDrunk ‘Bad Santa 2’ Is An Airplane-Worthy Sequel To A Modern Classic Sepinwall 'Westworld' Frustrates With The Confusing 'Trace Decay' Sports Sections Main Dime NBA on UPROXX With Spandex Pro Wrestling on UPROXX NFL College Football MMA Featured DimeMag NBA Power Rankings Week 4: The End Of An Era In Dallas Sports Who To Start, Sit, And Scoop Up For Your Week 12 Fantasy Football Lineup Music Sections Main RealTalk Hip Hop on UPROXX Uncharted The Best Musicians You Haven't Heard of Yet Featured Movies 'The Last Waltz' Is The Best Thanksgiving Movie Ever Made Music Willie Nelson's Love For Weed Made Him A Country Revolutionary Life & Discovery Sections Main Food & Drink Smart and fresh, never basic Travel & Adventure Explore The World You Are Inheriting Health Lifehack Your Body and Soul Featured Life Eco-Minded Chefs Who Are Blazing New Food Trails Life A Native American Chef Grapples With Thanksgiving Real Stories Culture-Defining Longform Stories and Oral Histories The Story Of The Fugees' Bitter Breakup How TV And Evolving Media Technology Changed The American Presidency The Oral History Of VH1's 'Pop-Up Video' See More... Shows Featured When Police Wear Body Cameras, Who Gets To See The Footage? Is Oil Wastewater Our Next Big Ecological Crisis? Meet A Chef Who Hunts And Fishes For The Food He Serves See More... Search for: About About Privacy Terms Facebook Twitter YouTube Get UPROXX Everywhere. Follow @UPROXX Member Sign Up Sign In In Defense Of The Headphone Jack Dan Seitz 08.18.16 3 months ago • 6 Comments Facebook Twitter EMAIL Shutterstock UPDATE: Apple has announced the iPhone 7 and, as widely rumored, they’ve removed the analog headphone jack. Apple argues that it takes “courage” to do so, but a few weeks ago, we responded to that idea. You can find that response below. When it comes to modern life, there’s probably nothing more universal than a headphone jack. If something electronic has speakers, it has a headphone jack. Everyone has a pair of earbuds wrapped around their phone or tucked in a pocket, or perhaps a full-sized set of cans hanging around their neck. Still, major tech companies have decided the headphone jack is useless, and are campaigning to get rid of it. But their arguments are outweighed by the jack’s virtues. The Case Against The Headphone Jack Apple’s plans to get rid of the headphone jack are well known by this point. This isn’t particularly surprising, as Apple has both a tendency to strip out things it decides its customers don’t need, and a refusal to accept standardization. Nearly a decade ago, nearly every smartphone manufacturer came together and agreed to use USB as a common standard, ending the bad old days of proprietary chargers and data ports for everything. Apple was, and remains, the sole hold-out, part of its philosophy of retaining total control of both hardware and software. What’s surprising is that instead of treating Apple like the outlier that it is, the rest of the tech sector is siding with it. The Moto Z, Motorola’s latest phone, has no headphone jack, and Intel recently made a presentation promoting a new audio standard that makes USB-C, a type of port similar to Apple’s Lightning connector, as the jack of choice. Intel’s argument really boils down to two things: The headphone jack adds thickness to the phone, and consumers prefer thinner phones. And, more importantly, it’s a more efficient way of listening to audio. The headphone jack is analog, while music on your phone is digital, so not only does the port have to be wired into your phone in a relatively complicated workaround, that makes it impossible to incorporate digital effects like noise-canceling into the phone itself. Instead your headphones have to take on those jobs. Using USB-C will make for a less complicated, more straightforward listening experience. And these arguments are absolutely true, as far as they go. But there are problems Intel and Apple aren’t talking about, possibly because there aren’t any good solutions. The Case For The Headphone Jack The biggest, most glaring, and most obvious problem is simply that by throwing out the headphone jack, literally billions of headphones, earbuds, and other gear that rely on it are now suddenly obsolete. Apple alone has moved at least half a billion sets of those distinctive white earbuds boxed with every iPhone. And it, of all companies, should know how just how popular the minijack is: After all, Apple owns a company that built its name on $300 headphones. Consumers don’t seem excited about the switch, either. Already, images are going around of a small dongle to let you keep your headphones. Faced with headphones that will likely be an expensive upgrade or a $10 length of wire, it’s not hard to guess which option frugal smartphone users will opt for. Many see earbuds as something you buy from a vending machine or a drugstore, and that may be a difficult market to raise prices in. Another issue is that the fewer ports a piece of technology has, the less versatile it is. With no headphone jack, everything — from charging to listening to music — has to be done out of one port. It’s fair to argue that few people listen to music on their earbuds and charge their phone at the same time, but it’s also worth asking what the convenience is for the consumer, here. Not helping matters is Intel’s somewhat odd insistence that, thanks to USB-C, you can plug your phone into a display and watch movies on it, when that problem has already been solved by Google’s Chromecast. Share This Facebook Twitter EMAIL TAGSAPPLEheadphone jackheadphones Around The Web Join The Discussion: Log In With Sign In With Facebook Sign In With Twitter Sign In With Email Profile By: Dan Seitz 08.18.2016 @ 3:30 PM "In Defense Of The Headphone Jack" Profile By: middlehead 08.18.2016 @ 8:46 PM DRM is an issue as well. When the only available output is DRM capable, the publishers are likely to push for it again. Profile By: mattyj2001 08.20.2016 @ 3:06 AM I’m not sure I get the versatility argument. The analog headphone jack does exactly one thing, and it does it poorly by 2016 standards. Having the ‘versatility’ of multiple specialized ports to do different things actually results in a cumbersome phone, not a loss of versatility. If you’re spending $500 or more on a phone you can afford another $90 for a decent par of bluetooth earbuds. Buck up, and just say goodbye to the 50 year-old technology in your 2016 phone already. Profile By: PositiveKDR 09.07.2016 @ 4:20 PM Came here from a newer article, but wanted to address “It’s fair to argue that few people listen to music on their earbuds and charge their phone at the same time”. I would think the most common case of using both jacks (at least for me) is in the car, charging the phone while also connected to the stereo system with an aux cord. Profile By: WittyPhrase 09.07.2016 @ 5:10 PM Except that aux jack is a pretty antiquated way of listening to audio from your phone on a car now. Most modern cars have bluetooth. I’m sure some don’t, and I certainly hate doing it for any length of time without the charger plugged in, but that’s probably a less common use case these days. Profile By: PositiveKDR 09.07.2016 @ 5:58 PM From a quick search, the average age of a car on the road in the US is 11.5 years (and getting older surprisingly), which is still a bit beyond when bluetooth integration became standard. Anecdotally, I can only think of two cars out of eleven in my extended family that have bluetooth. Profile By: WittyPhrase 09.07.2016 @ 5:19 PM So, I know this was written a few weeks ago, at which point I don’t think anyone knew that the dongle would be included with the phone. That does somewhat negate a lot of this. If they’d removed the 3.5 jack and then charged you $30 to basically be able to use your existing headphones again, that would be a pretty transparent attempt at getting another $30 per phone sale, which is not a paltry sum given how many phones they move. A dongle isn’t the most convenient thing in the world, and I don’t know what they’ll charge if (when, really) you lose it and need another one, but it seems to make sense that if you’re invested enough into Apple’s ecosystem that you’ll just clip the thing more or less permanently on the end of your headphones and forget about it (again, until you lose it or it breaks). It’s an imperfect solution. The big thing I hate about it, which is touched on a little bit above, but not necessarily w/r/t the headphones is it’s not like they decided to eschew the 3.5 jack in favor of a universal port. It’s proprietary to Apple. So now there’s always going to have to be some kind of dongle involved going one way or another. Either you’re adapting your standard headphones to use with an Apple product or you’ve bought into the ecosystem and you get a pair of dedicated lightning port headphones, and you want to use them with something else, so you’ll need that adapter. Is that even possible? I really like Apple products, but it’s kind of hard to support the company when you can see so many other companies listening to their customers. People have been bitching forever about the iPhone’s poor battery life compared to competitors, they’ve been screaming for new MBPs and more than one connector on the new MBs. Nada. Cancel reply View all comments Also Never Lose Your iPhone 7 Headphone Dongle With This Keychain Tool Dan Seitz 11.04.16 3 weeks ago There’s A Solution To The New iPhone 7 Lacking A Headphone Jack Kayla Layne Crawford 07.30.16 4 months ago • 18 Comments Forget Headphones, You Can Listen To Music Through Your Skull Now Michael Depland 09.15.15 1 year ago • 5 Comments LIKE TWEET Willie Nelson’s Love Affair With Weed Made Him An Outlaw And A Country Music Revolutionary Christian Long 11.22.16 1 day ago LIKE TWEET How ‘Above The Rim’ Merged Streetball And Hip-Hop To Make A Cautionary Tale About Choices Jason Tabrys and Keith Reid-Cleveland 11.18.16 5 days ago • 6 Comments LIKE TWEET Look For The Star: How Starter Jackets Became The Iconic Clothing Of The Early ’90s Jamie Cooper 11.14.16 1 week ago • 9 Comments LIKE TWEET The Story Of The Fugees’ Bitter Breakup And Unforgettable Legacy Carl Williott 11.10.16 2 weeks ago • 13 Comments LIKE TWEET How TV And Evolving Media Technology Changed The American Presidency Jason Tabrys 11.08.16 2 weeks ago LIKE TWEET How ‘Locker Room Talk’ And Casual Misogyny Are Making Conventions Intolerable For Cosplayers Alyssa Fikse 10.31.16 3 weeks ago • 28 Comments UPROXX Job at Uproxx Contact Advertising About UPROXX Privacy Policy Staff Powered by WordPress.com VIP
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday TargetBlackFriday BestBuyBlackFriday PS4BlackFridayDeals ToysRUsBlackFriday Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ CPUs & Components/ Intel Will Open Foundries to ARM Intel Will Open Foundries to ARM By Matthew Murray August 17, 2016 10:45am EST 10 Comments A new deal between Intel and ARM means Intel's 10nm production process could soon be found in even more products. SAN FRANCISCO—Intel has long been known for the chips that bear its branding, but at this year's Intel Developer Forum (IDF), the company announced plans to give other manufacturers a crack at more easily using Intel technology in their products–and taking a bolder stand against competing processes from Samsung and TSMC in the foundry space. Through a new agreement between Intel Custom Foundry and ARM, Intel will provide 10nm physical IP as part of the ARM Artisan platform, thus making it the new de facto industry standard for physical IP and giving ARM's customers an additional choice when selecting a foundry for crafting 10nm-based products. The ARM Artisan platform is based on current advanced ARM cores and Cortex-series processors, and includes high-performance and high-density logic libraries, memory compilers, and core-optimized (POP) IP for designing future ARM mobile cores. //Related Articles Intel Lays Out its Vision for a Fully Connected World "The value of POP technology for an ARM core on the Intel 10nm process is tremendous, as it will allow for quicker knowledge transfer, enabling customers to lower their risk in implementing the most advanced ARM cores on Intel's leading-edge process technology," ARM's Will Abbey wrote in a statement. Additionally, POP technology enables silicon partners to accelerate the implementation and tape-outs of their ARM-based designs. "Having leading IP providers in our portfolio will accelerate ecosystem readiness while providing greater flexibility and time-to-market advantages to our customers," Zane Ball, vice president of Intel's Technology and Manufacturing Group and co-general manager of Intel Custom Foundry, wrote in a statement. So far, Intel has only announced that LG is slated to produce a platform using the 10nm technology. But although few other details have yet been provided as to the nature of the Intel-ARM collaboration, this move is certain to increase and extend Intel's involvement in the mobile and Internet of Things (IoT) spaces, where it has had difficulty making an impact in recent years. Back to top Previous : Intel Lays Out its Vision for a Fully Connected World Moving Toward a World of 50 Billion Connected Devices Next : By Matthew Murray Managing Editor, Hardware Matthew Murray got his humble start leading a technology-sensitive life in elementary school, where he struggled to satisfy his ravenous hunger for computers, computer games, and writing book reports in Integer BASIC. He earned his B.A. in Dramatic Writing at Western Washington University, where he also minored in Web design and German. He has been building computers for himself and others for more than 20 years, and he spent several years working in IT and helpdesk capacities before escaping into the far more exciting world... More » More Stories by Matthew Maingear, Unikrn Bet on PC Gaming's Future PC maker Maingear and e-sports betting service Unikrn join forces; PCMag sits down with their CEOs t... More » Nvidia Unveils GeForce GTX 1050 GPUs The 1050 and 1050 Ti are expected to hit shelves next week. More » Zotac Zbox Magnus EN980 The Zotac Zbox Magnus EN980 is designed to facilitate VR gaming in the living room. At this, it succ... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Share 6 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-23 The Best Thanksgiving-Themed TV Episodes And Movies On Netflix, Hulu, And Amazon This Holiday Season Entertainment 2016-11-23 Emma Watson Passes ‘Harry Potter’ Baton To Eddie Redmayne As ‘Danish Girl’ Star Kicks Off ‘Fantastic Beasts’ Movies Entertainment 2016-11-23 Woman Crush Wednesday — Alicia Silverstone: From ‘Clueless’ Star To Nude Photos For PETA Entertainment 2016-11-22 Shannen Doherty Confirms ‘Heathers’ TV Land Role, Will Winona Ryder Join In? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-23 Vanessa Marcotte Update: Investigators Receive New Tips In The Massachusetts Jogger Murder News 2016-11-23 Johnthony Walker: Tennessee School Bus Driver Asked Kids If They Were ‘Ready To Die’ Before Crash That Killed Five, Victim’s Mother Claims Opinion 2016-11-23 Fifth Harmony Follows In The Dixie Chicks’ Footsteps By Mixing Success And Politics [Opinion] News 2016-11-23 Two Airlines Hit With Pilot Strike: Lufthansa Cancels Almost 900 Flights While DHL And Amazon Shipments Could Be Delayed Over Black Friday Weekend Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2016-11-23 WWE News: Goldberg ‘Survivor Series’ Win Was All About Shocking The ‘Smart Marks’ Soccer 2016-11-23 Champions League Preview, Borussia Monchengladbach Vs. Manchester City: Live Stream, Prediction, Starting Lineups, And Betting Tips Sports 2016-11-23 NFL Picks Week 12: Thanksgiving Day Schedule Favors Dallas Cowboys, Pittsburgh Steelers Wrestling 2016-11-23 WWE News: Big Upcoming Creative Plans For Sasha Banks & Dana Brooke Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-22 Turkey Safety: Guidelines To Dish Up A Fowl – Not Foul – Holiday Bird Health 2016-11-20 Prostate Cancer Second Opinions: Alternate Advice Might Not Force Treatment Change Health 2016-11-19 Microbes On ATM Keypads Come From Human Skin And Food, Study Says Health 2016-11-19 Zika No Longer A World Public Health Emergency, Claims WHO: Outraged, Brazil Says Chances Of Epidemic Still High Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-23 ‘Pokemon GO’ Ditto Sightings, Nearby Features Updates: Sightings Not Working Properly? Gaming 2016-11-23 ‘Watch Dogs 2’ DLC Will Not Follow ‘Assassin’s Creed’ Trend, Says Ubisoft Gaming 2016-11-23 ‘Pokemon Go’: Exact Release Date Of Generation Two, Starbucks-Pokemon Partnership Revealed? Gaming 2016-11-23 PS4 Pro Vs. PS4: Pros And Cons Of Upgrading To Sony’s New Gaming Console BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-23 Watch Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade Online, Mobile Apps, NBC TV: New Balloons, Floats, Celebrities Kick Off The Holiday Season On Turkey Day BuzzWorthy 2016-11-23 Repo Man Tows Elderly Couple’s Car, Then Pays It Off And Returns It [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-22 Customers Are Angry About Starbucks’ Sneaky Price Hike BuzzWorthy 2016-11-22 Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Leaks Great Deals: Expanded Cyber Week Starts Early SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Intel Unveils Immersive VR Gear And It’s Sleek Technology 6 0 0 August 21, 2016 Intel Unveils Immersive VR Gear And It’s Sleek Caroline Diana Intel has once again proved that it’s an active participant in the technology race. While companies like Apple, Google, Samsung and Facebook are curled up in their secret labs working on virtual and mixed reality platforms, Intel has come out in the open to showcase a sleek VR gear which will offer users a rich, immersive experience. Intel’s new VR gear will transport users to the sandy beaches of Caribbean or the deserts of Dubai. You could even take a peek at the Eiffel Tower or the Colosseum of Rome — without even being there. Intel now has a standalone VR Headset which doesn't require a PC – #ProjectAlloy #VirtualReality https://t.co/niXKZj76ZY — PhoneBunch (@PhoneBunch) August 20, 2016 Dubbed Project Alloy, Intel’s virtual reality goggles — also made compatible for so-called mixed reality — drags real-world objects into the virtual realm using 3D cameras. The new all-in-one virtual reality solution leverages Intel RealSense technology. Project Alloy will be offered as an open platform in 2017, the company announced. According to the company’s press release, Intel is focusing on two prime aspects, ease of use and immersive experience. In an effort to make the mixed reality experience hassle-free, Intel has made sure that its new gear is sleek and handy. This means no pesky wires hanging out of the device, which might ruin the user experience. .@Intel's CEO talks about #ProjectAlloy and ushering in the era of “merged reality.” https://t.co/srXqubFGOd #virtualreality — SpaceGamesFederation (@SpaceGamesFed) August 17, 2016 The headset uses Intel’s RealSense cameras, which have depth-sensing capabilities, to allow objects such as the user’s hands to be tracked and entered into the virtual world displayed within the goggles. It does not require additional sensors. “The computing power is located in the Alloy Head-Mounted Device (HMD), which allows the user to experience VR untethered. That means you can ‘cut the VR cord,’ allowing a free range of motion with six degrees-of-freedom across a large space. This, combined with collision detection and avoidance, enables the user to utilize physical movement to explore a virtual space,” the press release stated. The new merged reality is powered by Intel RealSense cameras attached to the VR headset and is not dependent on setting up any external sensors or cameras around the room. During the opening keynote of the Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco on August 16, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said, “Merged reality delivers virtual-world experiences more dynamically and naturally than ever before – and makes experiences impossible in the real world now possible.” “Pick up your real-world tennis racket in your living room and step virtually on to the court at Wimbledon. Be the ultimate concert master – fully unplugged. Plan your virtual visit to the Sistine Chapel while never leaving the office. Experience a sporting event, a concert or a film scene from any point of view – and from any position,” he said, according to a report by The Guardian. Intel also intends to open source the Alloy hardware next year, alongside its RealSense application programming interface (API) so third-party manufacturers can develop headsets of their own that run on Windows 10 and tap into Intel tech. “Anybody can take the Alloy hardware, combine it with Windows Holographic, and build a world-class virtual reality system with any manufacturer they choose,” Krzanich said, according to The Verge. “Merged reality goes beyond computer-generated content. It’s about bringing the real physical world into the digital world real time — and reimagining it with computing power,”said Krzanich in his blog on Medium. “Regardless of whether you’re seeking to experience augmented reality or virtual reality, your freedom in the world of your choice depends on how you merge your realities and the technologies that enable you to cross over from the physical to the virtual, and the virtual to the physical. We’re rapidly moving toward a world where the boundary between the digital and the physical is eroding, and merging in new exciting ways. It’s truly the best of all worlds — and there’s only more to come,” added Krzanich. [Image via Intel Corporation] Now Watch This: Paralyzed Monkey Walks Again After Implant Now Read This: Free Data Offer Prompts Vodafone Upgrades To 4G Devices Share 6 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Caroline Diana Tags: apple vr, google vr, project alloy, VR Comments LATEST HEADLINES ‘RHOA’ Kandi Burruss’ Ex, Block, Says They And Riley Are One Happy Family WWE News: Goldberg ‘Survivor Series’ Win Was All About Shocking The ‘Smart Marks’ Watch Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade Online, Mobile Apps, NBC TV: New Balloons, Floats, Celebrities Kick Off The Holiday Season On Turkey Day Saturn’s Rings: NASA’s Cassini Spacecraft Preparing To Get A Never-Before-Seen Look What Major ‘TWD’ Character Should Die In The Walking Dead Season 7? [Poll] ‘General Hospital’ Spoilers: Brenda’s Return To Port Charles Suggested By Cryptic Tweet? Chris Brown & Rihanna Urged To Start Dating Again Amid Reconciliation Reports The Best Thanksgiving-Themed TV Episodes And Movies On Netflix, Hulu, And Amazon This Holiday Season Kanye West’s Stepmom Tells All: How His Childhood Affected The ‘Egomaniac’ Chris Brown And Krista Santiago Dating? ‘Famous’ Singer Unveils New Art Project With Rumored Girlfriend On Instagram Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Queen Elizabeth And Prince Philip Celebrate 69 Years Of Marriage 21.3k 0 0 Vote Audit: Did Trump Win Fair Election Or A Rigged One? New Movement Seeks Data On Suspicious Vote Counts 17.6k 0 0 WWE News: Details On The Finish Of Brock Lesnar Vs. Goldberg Match – Who Knew? How Long Has It Been Planned? 4.6k 0 0 Brock Lesnar Vs. Goldberg Was A Disgrace, And So Was WWE Survivor Series [Opinion] 3.5k 0 0 ‘Sons Of Anarchy’ Spin-Off ‘Mayans MC’ Confirmed By FX, Charlie Hunnam And Ryan Hurst Set To Return? 3k 0 0 WWE News: Goldberg Set To Appear At The ‘Royal Rumble’ 2.9k 0 0 Presidential Election Popular Vote: Hillary Clinton On Course To Win 2.5 Million More Votes Than Donald Trump 2.8k 0 0 Recent Headlines How To Cook A Turkey: A Step-By-Step Guide For The Thanksgiving Beginner, Including Full Cooking Times And Safety Tips 0 0 0 Black Friday Freebies And Deals 2016: Where To Get Freebies On Thanksgiving Day, Black Friday Including JCPenney, CVS And More 4 0 0 How ‘Rogue One’ Is Altering The Future Of ‘Star Wars’ 0 0 0 Champions League Preview, Borussia Monchengladbach Vs. Manchester City: Live Stream, Prediction, Starting Lineups, And Betting Tips 13 0 0 Victoria’s Secret 2016 Black Friday Ad Leaked: News On This Year’s Deals 1 0 0 Vanessa Marcotte Update: Investigators Receive New Tips In The Massachusetts Jogger Murder 2 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
null
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Black Friday Cyber Monday Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Black Friday Deals Cyber Monday Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Click here to open Why Intel's new Kaby Lake processors won't make your computer much faster Analysis: Intel's seventh-generation Core processors are here -- but they're not a significant upgrade. Nick Knupffer Why Intel's new Kaby Lake processors won't make your computer much faster 0 Laptops by Sean Hollister October 27, 2016 6:03 PM PDT @starfire2258 Up Next Pokemon Go tracking finally goes live and actually works Intel turns to Overwatch to show off seventh-generation core Intel's CEO put his company's new core processor to the test on stage by playing Overwatch. 0:57 Close Drag Apple's new MacBook Pro is an eye-catching new computer. So are Microsoft's new Surface Studio and upgraded Surface Book. But none of them use Intel's latest processors. Is that a big deal? Not as much as you'd think. Here's our explainer from August on what "Kaby Lake" really means for your next PC. Original story published August 17: The clock has stopped. The chips are down. Intel's seventh-gen Core processors, codename Kaby Lake, are now official -- but they aren't as big an upgrade as you'd expect from Intel. Sure, they're a little bit faster and a little bit more power-efficient. But the best thing about Intel new CPUs might actually be this: the deals you'll find on PCs with last year's chips. Here's why Kaby Lake isn't such a big deal. What's a Kaby Lake? Intel's seventh-generation Core processors, the latest and greatest CPUs the company has to offer. They're the successor to Intel's sixth-gen "Skylake" processors from 2015. But Kaby Lake isn't a true successor to Skylake. It's more like Skylake+. Usually, Intel creates a powerful new processor architecture, then the following year shrinks down the circuits for better efficiency. (Intel, much like Ke$ha, is industry-famous for that "Tick-Tock" product cycle.) Enlarge Image Kaby Lake isn't huge. It's about twice the size of California's Lake Tahoe -- a popular vacation spot for Silicon Valley residents. Photo by Google Maps But Kaby Lake doesn't do either of those things. The circuits are the same 14 nanometer size as Intel's earlier Skylake and Broadwell chips, and it's not a new architecture either. Intel had been trying to shrink down to 10nm with a processor called Cannonlake, but those chips were delayed. So for now, we're stuck at Tock. No, really, what's a Kaby Lake? Is "Kaby" a kind of fish? Oh. No, it appears to be an actual lake in Canada. Maybe the CEO enjoys hunting moose in his spare time? Is Kaby Lake any better than my existing computer processor? Intel thinks so! The company says its thin laptop chips are 12 percent faster than Skylake in raw performance, and far more efficient at decoding 4K video. In fact, Intel claims you could get 3 more hours of battery life while streaming YouTube 4K videos (7 vs. 4 hours) compared to last year's chips. And for gamers, the company even showed an incredibly thin laptop playing fast-paced shooter Overwatch reasonably well. That sounds great, no? Sure -- until you take a hard look at how Intel generated those numbers. It's not too surprising that Intel's Kaby Lake CPU ran 12 percent faster than the comparable Skylake -- because the new chip is clocked 12 percent faster anyhow! Which could be a problem, because faster clock speeds tend to generate more heat and consume more battery as well. Enlarge Image Intel shows performance gains of 12 percent. Perhaps it's because the chip is working 12 percent harder? Photo by Intel And while Intel's battery life numbers for 4K video are hard to ignore, Intel tells me that battery life should be "similar" -- not necessarily better than Skylake -- across other kinds of workloads. We could easily be in a situation like Intel's Broadwell vs. Haswell, where the company claimed better performance with the same battery life, but devices actually consumed a bit more battery in real-world use. I'm optimistic, though, and we'll need to test for sure. What about the gaming performance? I wouldn't get too excited just yet. We took a closer look at Overwatch on a Dell XPS 13 with the new Intel chip, and it ran pretty smooth...but with a few caveats. Judge for yourself: Also note that Intel may still have some more powerful graphics in the near future: we haven't yet seen how far the company's souped-up Intel Iris graphics have come. Are there any sleek new laptops or tablets coming with Kaby Lake, at least? Sure! Feast your eyes on the new Acer Swift 7: 9 An early look at the ultra-thin Acer Swift 7 laptop We also saw a sleek HP Spectre with a new OLED panel, a refreshed Dell XPS 13, and a 6.9mm-thick Asus detachable tablet -- the Asus T305 -- with a fingerprint reader built right into the power button. Intel says there'll be over 100 different slim computers with Kaby Lake chips by the end of the year. When will Kaby Lake start showing up in new PCs? Enlarge Image Intel CVP Navin Shenoy holds up a Kaby Lake chip. Photo by Sean Hollister/CNET Well, that's the other thing...we'll see the first Kaby Lake computers in September and October, but only the types of chips that go into thin laptops and tablets. Quad-core laptop chips (like you'd find in a MacBook Pro), laptop chips with Iris graphics, business-class laptop chips with vPro and desktop chips won't appear until early next year. On the plus side, rumor has it you won't need a new motherboard for Kaby Lake desktop chips. They'll allegedly use the same LGA1151 socket as their Skylake predecessors. Will they appear in the new MacBook Pro? Depends on Apple (and Intel), but there's a decent chance they won't. Apple typically uses the most powerful Intel laptop processors available -- the 28-watt ones with better Intel graphics -- and again, Intel says they won't be ready until early next year. That's not nearly enough time to get them ready for Apple's September 7 event. However, Bloomberg reports that Apple won't refresh the Macs until later this year, and it wouldn't be the first time Intel has given chips to Apple ahead of schedule. And if Apple decides to refresh the MacBook Air -- another Bloomberg rumor -- those thinner Intel laptop chips are now ready. Update, October 27: Apple isn't using them. Everything you need to know about the major MacBook Pro upgrade After 4 plus years we'll finally see an all new MacBook Pro laptop. We could see the Apple Watch 2 and an updated first-gen Apple Watch this year. New iPhone 7 details, plus Apple TV is now looking to be a TV Guide. Yikes. by Brian Tong 5:59 Close Drag Should I wait to buy a new PC or Mac until Kaby Lake is available? It definitely couldn't hurt. It's usually better to get the latest and greatest if you can afford it -- and Kaby Lake definitely sounds better if you watch 4K video. But as I've outlined above, most PCs probably won't get a big boost to performance or battery life with Kaby Lake silicon. The real reason to wait: you'll almost certainly find some excellent discounts on Skylake computers once Kaby Lake hits the market. What about AMD's Zen? The Intel rival's new built-from-the-ground-up chips sound promising, but you won't be able to drop one into a desktop till 2017. AMD's new laptop chips will take even longer -- expect them in the second half of next year. How will I tell Kaby Lake apart from previous processors when I'm computer shopping? In one important way, Intel's making it easier than ever before: it'll say "7th gen" right on the familiar Intel sticker you'll find on the palmrest of a new laptop. It's a change we've been asking for. Enlarge Image The new "7th-gen" Intel Core branding scheme. Photo by Intel Unfortunately, Intel also made another change that could prove even more confusing. Ever heard of Core M, Intel's line of ultra-low-power 4.5-watt processors for incredibly thin, fanless PCs? As of now, the company's Core m5 and Core m7 processors are part of the Core i5 and Core i7 family, respectively. That means if you purchase a laptop with a "Core i7" label, it may not offer nearly the same sustained performance as a Core i7 machine from last year. Of course, a thin laptop's Core i7 chip already wasn't as powerful as a thick laptop's Core i7 chip, and neither were as powerful as a Core i7 desktop chip, so perhaps we're just continuing that trend. These days, it's really the size of your PC that indicates its potential performance. Besides, you can still tell the M chips apart if you look at the full model number. If you see a Y (e.g. Core i7-7Y75), it's one of the lower-performance processors. I like specs and codenames. Which processors are actually being announced today? Only six: Intel Core i7-7500U (15W, 2 cores, 4 threads, 2.7GHz base, 3.5GHz turbo) Intel Core i5-7200U (15W, 2 cores, 4 threads, 2.5GHz base, 3.1GHz turbo) Intel Core i3-7100U (15W, 2 cores, 4 threads, 2.4GHz, no turbo) Intel Core i7-7Y75 (4.5W, 2 cores, 4 threads, 1.3GHz base, 3.6GHz turbo) Intel Core i5-7Y54 (4.5W, 2 cores, 4 threads, 1.2GHz base, 3.2GHz turbo) Intel Core m3-7Y30 (4.5W, 2 cores, 4 threads, 1.0GHz base, 2.6GHz turbo) Is Moore's Law dead? How could you possibly suggest such a thing? We're simply waiting for the clock's second hand to remember how to tick. Share your voice 0 comments Join the conversation Tags Laptops Processors Intel Related Stories Xbox One S lowest price ever for Microsoft Black Friday deals eBay Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals loaded with laptops, TVs and drones Velocity Micro early Black Friday deals on PC gaming desktops and laptops Best laptops of 2016 Close   Discuss: Why Intel's new Kaby Lake processors won't... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Pokemon Go tracking finally goes live and actually works CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
null
Login Register Basket About Us About Us Contact Us Advertise Writers Lesley McDiarmid Seth Barton Erik Johnson Conor Tallon NewBay Network Audio Pro International BikeBiz Develop Installation Licensing.biz MCV UK MCV Pacific MI Pro Music Week PCR PSNEurope Sourcebook ToyNews TVBEurope Partners Google Double Click McCormack & Morrison Regenology Sarsen Yudu Comscore ABC PPA MCV Online Print Digital Email Mobile Home News UK Retail UK Release Dates Games Data MCV Directory Events Jobs TRADE BUZZ E3 2016 Interviews International Opinion VR eSports Pro < > Telltale launches Mr Robot game on mobile Microsoft sees a future without console generations AMD reveals Zen, wants back into CPU race by Ben Parfitt Thursday, August 18th 2016 at 2:28PM BST Print this page Email Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Google Share on LinkedIn Intel’s run of almost uninterrupted reign at the top of the PC processor market could be in for a serious challenge. After years languishing at the budget end of the sector with its multicore FX CPU lineup, Engadget reports that AMD has lifted the lid on its long-awaited next generation of processor, codenamed Zen. Zen chips will use a 14nm architecture, and better the performance of its predecessors by around 40 per cent while offering around five times the bandwidth. They will also support Simultaneous Multithreading, which is basically a version of Intel’s own HyperThreading, that allows cores to perform multiple tasks at the same time. Not yet revealed are the actual chips that will debut the Zen design at retail, or their prospective pricing. We do know, however, that the first Zen chip will be an 8-core, 16-thread desktop model called Summit Ridge. That’s due out in Q1 2017 and will supposedly outperform Intel’s $1,000+ range-leading Core i7-6900K Also confirmed is that work has already begun on its successor, the Zen+. Note, too, that Intel will be showing off its 7th generation iCore chips some time this autumn. AMD may have lost serious ground in the PC space, but it has been busy making the innards of not only the PS4 and Xbox One, but also the upcoming PS4 Neo and Xbox Scorpio. Advertisement Tags: Hardware , pc , components , amd , zen Follow us on Related Stories MSI's VR backpack now available to pre-order Nov 11th 2016 at 11:35AM Nintendo confirms that Wii U production IS ending Nov 11th 2016 at 10:39AM What is PS4 Pro? Supported games, price and what's in the box Nov 10th 2016 at 11:20AM A NES Classic controller extension lead is in the works Nov 10th 2016 at 11:05AM Xbox Streaming device was real, report claims Nov 9th 2016 at 11:06AM Darkest Dungeon passes 1 million sales Nov 4th 2016 at 10:07AM Windows 10 version of COD: Infinite Warfare multiplayer has a big caveat Nov 4th 2016 at 9:49AM GAME: PS3 and 360 are now 'played through' Oct 20th 2016 at 11:21AM PS4 sales up 380% on back of £149 bundles Oct 6th 2016 at 9:59AM Japan gets its own version of the NES Mini Sep 30th 2016 at 1:27PM Get the latest news sent to your inbox Sign up to receive MCV's email news updates and access to other online products and services. Sign Me Up We are everywhere. Follow us on Follow @MCVonline UK Retail Sponsored by PDP Featured Retail Previews Shelf Life: The Game Collection Giles Davies talks No Man's Sky, FIFA 17, Red Dead Redemption, and more Charts UK Release Dates Events 23 Nov Future Games Summit London 06 Dec Games Industry Christmas Party London 16 Jan Pocket Gamer Connects London 2017 London More Events Xbox One will support streaming to Oculus Rift headset from December 12 Rovio hire Will Luton for Angry Birds 2 role Sony could announce first ForwardWorks mobile titles on December 7 US: Rogue One: A Star Wars Story inspires fashion initiative for UNICEF Genius Brands takes SpacePOP to Toys R Us stores The Book People launches exclusive Roald Dahl gift collection British consumers will be the biggest Christmas spenders in Europe despite Brexit ISPs not happy with 'Snooper's Charter 2.0' AMD has 29 per cent GPU market share Home News UK Retail UK Release Dates Games Data Directory Events Jobs Back to Top About MCV is the leading trade news and community site for all professionals working within the UK and international video games market. It reaches everyone from store manager to CEO, covering the entire industry. MCV is published by NewBay Media, which specialises in entertainment, leisure and technology markets. NewBay Media Network NewBay Media Audio Media International MCV Pacific PCR BikeBiz MCV UK PSNEurope Develop MI Pro Sourcebook Installation ToyNews Licensing.biz Music Week TVBEurope Copyright © NewBay Media 2016. Privacy| Terms| Accessibility| Site Map
null
Thanks for checking out our new design, please let us know if you have feedback SFist is a website about San Francisco View Pretty | Blog Arts & Entertainment Food News Popular Advertising Contact Newsletter RSS Feed Staff Our Cities Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Peter Thiel Has 'No Plans' To Donate To Trump Campaign by Jay Barmann in News on Aug 22, 2016 9:40 am Photo by Joe Raedle via Getty. Silicon Valley billionaire Peter Thiel, though he served as a local delegate for Donald Trump and spoke in support of him at the Republican National Convention last month, apparently has "no plans to donate to or raise money for Mr. Trump," at least according to a spokesman reached by the Wall Street Journal. It's a bit of a surprising revelation given Thiel's outspoken support for the candidate so far, and given that he previously gave $2 million to a super PAC supporting Carly Fiorina, but maybe not so surprising given the overall chilly reception Trump's been getting from Silicon Valley overall  including the announcement earlier this month that onetime Republican gubernatorial candidate Meg Whitman has decided to support Hillary. Back in June, a Trump event in Atherton at the home of Intel CEO Brian Krzanich got called off after an outcry from within Intel's ranks, though Krzanich insists the event was not going to be a fundraiser but more of a private opportunity for Silicon Valley business leaders to discuss issues important to their industry with the candidate. The event was leaked to the New York Times, and subsequently local Republican donor Trevor Traina  founder of IfOnly.com and son of Dede Wilsey  tells the Journal that other potential donors and fundraisers have been scared off, comparing the media scrutiny to a "witch hunt" and saying the Krzanich case "sent a chill down a number of spines." Thiel always seems to have marched to his own drummer, however, and doesn't have a particular corporation's reputation to protect. So why won't he ponying up any cash to defeat Hillary? It seems to be part of a larger trend across several industries, according to the Journal, including tech and finance, with Wall Street donors unhappy with Republicans embracing a law that would break up big banks. Meanwhile, Trump is heading to the Bay Area next week, with a planned fundraiser in the Napa Valley at an undisclosed location on Monday, August 29. As the Napa Valley Register tells us, tickets for that event start at $5,000. A Trump fundraiser is also planned somewhere in San Francisco, possibly the following day, August 30, though the timing and location of that are so far unconfirmed. Previously: Nude Trump Statue Removed, May Get New Home At Lefty O'Doul's Contact the author of this article or email tips@sfist.com with further questions, comments or tips. donald drumpf donald trump election 2016 peter thiel republicans trevor traina Other Interesting Stories Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.   © 2003-2016 Gothamist LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Tech Buzz Computing Applications Data Management Hardware Chips Personal Computers Servers Operating Systems Internet Internet of Things Online Entertainment Search Tech Social Networking Web Apps IT Developers IT Leadership Network Management Mobile Tech Mobile Apps Smartphones Tablets Wearable Tech Wireless Networking Reviews Security Cybersecurity Hacking Malware Privacy Technology Audio/Video Emerging Tech Virtual Reality Gaming Home Tech How-To Photography Science Health Space Tech Buzz Tech Law Transportation Tech Blog  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map November 23, 2016 12:36:07 PM PST TechNewsWorld > Tech Buzz | ECT News Network will operate on an abbreviated holiday schedule until Monday, Nov. 28, when we will resume normal publishing. From the Olympic Non-Robbery to Ford Getting Out of Cars, to Evil NSA: A Strange Week By Rob Enderle Aug 22, 2016 10:37 AM PT There were three stories that caught my eye last week that I think deserve some additional discussion. One is the alleged robbery of U.S. Olympians followed by questions of whether it really happened because their phones weren't stolen. There may be a legitimate reason for that, and it's one that suggests a lot of folks will be getting huge cellphone bills next month. Another eye-catching story is that Ford is getting out of the car business. The third is an NSA leak that has me wondering if we should reclassify the NSA as a criminal organization. I'll share some observations on all three and close with my product of the week: a new drone equipped with technology from Intel, which apparently is in the midst of an impressive feeding frenzy. The Real Olympic Robbery: Next Month's Cellphone Bill for Attendees The Brazilian Olympics was a bit of a disaster in the making from the start, but it seemed to be going surprisingly well until last week. That was when four top U.S. swimmers went out to party and then said they had been robbed on the way home. Their story wasn't hard to believe, given that robbery is a common event in Brazil. Anyone traveling there on business tends either to get a bodyguard or a lesson in robbery avoidance (which generally consists of advice to stay in your hotel). However, after the Olympians' robbery report, the Brazilian police questioned whether the swimmers were robbed -- in part because they still had their phones, and phones commonly are stolen. (As I wrote this, the story got more interesting. It turns out these guys actually may have broken a bathroom door and been forced to pay for it.) This story reminded me that if they actually were robbed, there could have been reasons their phones weren't stolen. One is that after a ton of pressure from local and national governments, cellphone makers have been implementing programs that make stolen phones worthless. Many phones now can be bricked remotely if stolen, which removes their value. Second, Brazil's mobile operators have been raising rates so rapidly that cellphones there have become unaffordable in large part. Third, unless you are an idiot, you'll buy a cheap prepaid phone when traveling there, because roaming is wicked expensive. That's something I think a lot of folks not used to traveling are going to discover when they get home. Given how many folks likely were taking and sharing videos and pictures, it wouldn't surprise me if many Olympics attendees have cellphone roaming charges in the thousands of dollars. So there may be a good reason why the phones weren't stolen -- and that reason is tied almost directly to why many folks visiting Brazil will get an unholy surprise when they get their roaming charge bill. So, regardless of whether our now tarnished Olympic champions were robbed, many folks returning home may feel they were robbed when they get their cellphone bills. By the way, it does strike me that more of us should have pointed this out before the Olympics. Sorry... Ford Is Getting Out of the Car Business Ford has announced it will have autonomous cars in five years, and those cars won't allow drivers. This plan is very different from what most car makers are working on. Most are working on a model called "guardian angel," which means driving is optional and the cars will step in when their drivers are in trouble, and save their butts. Granted, this is a tad like the cars on rails that they have at Disneyland, but there is still a driver -- even though they clearly are no longer a critical part. Ford's approach is more like a wheeled elevator. It comes with the announcement that the cars will be targeted at firms like Uber, and that Ford is repositioning itself as a mobile company. (By the way, Uber coincidentally started testing self-driving cars this month, but from Volvo. Oops...) Ford's move seems fair, given that Apple, which is a mobile company, is looking at building vehicles that are basically iPads with wheels. Now the model that Uber is driving envisions most folks using Uber rather than buying their own cars. It's consistent with a millennial trend toward not getting driver's licenses and avoiding the whole car ownership thing altogether. So, effectively, the company that founded mass-produced cars in the U.S. has decided to make a change and become Apple -- but with wheels. I'm sure that will work out swimmingly. I should add that Uber, which launched with the promise that you could work for it and work your own hours is now planning to let you become unemployed instead! Just think of all the free time you'll have to ride in Uber cars -- though paying the fare could be problematic. Is the NSA a Criminal Organization? Now I was lead to believe the "S" in NSA stood for "security," but I think I've been misled. Last week, it became clear it should stand for "stupid." The NSA experienced yet another leak -- this time of tools that use secret flaws in U.S. networking gear in order to compromise networks. Using such tools in most countries, including the U.S., is highly illegal. More importantly, given that pretty much every hostile government has hackers, the agency's secrecy regarding the related flaws in U.S. networking products ensured that every connected business and government entity was exposed to attack. As we move to the new ultra-connected world of the Internet of Things, the kind of exploits that could be mounted could do far more than just shut down the country -- they could cause things like Ford's autonomous driverless cars, and coming pilotless planes, to become guided missiles. So, an organization with "security" in its name effectively puts the nation at risk, leaving in place security holes in the hope it can use them to spy on people illegally. Oh, and be aware, since the NSA started doing this, sales of U.S. networking gear in Asia -- its primary target -- have fallen off sharply, thanks to concerns about the NSA's activities, so it got a two for one. It put the U.S. at risk and did serious damage to the technology industry. We put folks in jail for one hell of a lot less, so maybe we should stop thinking the NSA is on our side and start treating it as an enemy combatant. Wrapping Up Last week was a really strange week with the Olympics in Brazil showcasing why you sure as hell don't want to travel to Brazil, and why, if you do travel there, you want to buy a prepaid cellphone in country. Ford, the founder of the U.S. car industry, effectively announced it was getting out of the car business and somehow moving to compete with Apple. The NSA, an organization supposedly founded to protect the U.S., once again was tied to illegal practices that put the country at high risk. Between you and me, I'm sure as hell glad last week is over! Boy, I really love product names that are a good part of a paragraph -- however, the Yuneec Typhoon H Pro 4K Intel RealSense Collision Avoidance Hexacopter is the first semi-pro drone that uses Intel technology, and it is pretty cool looking. Yuneec Typhoon H Pro 4k Intel RealSense Collision Avoidance Hexacopter You might question why something like this would need a 3D-positioning camera, but I've seen reviews of the version of this product that doesn't have the camera, and it has a nasty habit of catastrophically running into things. That has been a long-term problem with drones, and given that they can cost upward of US$1,000, those crashes are painful to watch -- particularly if it's your drone. Now, I'm a DJI Phantom owner, but the Phantom kind of looks like a toy -- even though, in terms of performance, the latest version the Phantom 5 is considered the best in market. The Yuneec Typhoon H Pro 4K Intel RealSense Collision Avoidance (or YTHP4IRCA -- OK, that doesn't work either) drone looks like a pro product. It uses an integrated controller -- not a cobbled-together solution like the DGI (sorry, I still find that annoying). It has retractable landing gear, and it has six motors (two more than the four that are more common for consumer products). That means it actually can lose propellers and engines, and keep flying, where the typical four-rotor drone would become an expensive hole in the lawn. The only things missing are downward-firing sensors, which would allow it to hover more reliably. I expect those will show up in a future model. This drone is so popular it has been selling out everywhere, even though it costs a whopping $1,899. (However, you can get it with free shipping from Amazon.) Surprisingly there were only two for sale at the Intel Developer Forum, and they sold in seconds. I ordered one on Amazon with free shipping, which means I didn't have to schlep it home. Covered in carbon fiber, this version of the Typhoon will create envy every place it goes. With the RealSense camera, it is less likely to commit drone suicide -- and given that I bought one, it is my product of the week. Now I just have to make sure my well-armed neighbor doesn't shoot it down when I buzz his patio. Rob Enderle is a TechNewsWorld columnist and the principal analyst for the Enderle Group, a consultancy that focuses on personal technology products and trends. You can connect with him on Google+. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by Rob Enderle Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts How do you feel about Black Friday and Cyber Monday? They're great -- I get a lot of bargains! The deals are too spread out -- I'd prefer just one day. They're a fun way to kick off the holiday season. I don't like the commercialization of Thanksgiving Day. They're crucial for the retail industry and the economy. The deals typically aren't that good. Vote to See Results E-Commerce Times Black Friday Shoppers Hungry for New Experiences, New Tech Pay TV's Newest Innovation: Giving Users Control Apple Celebrates Itself in $300 Coffee Table Tome AWS Enjoys Top Perch in IaaS, PaaS Markets US Comptroller Gears Up for Blockchain and Internet Finance Coping With Software Licensing Challenges in the Cloud BlackBerry to Deliver One Last Keyboard Phone Russia May Kick Out LinkedIn CRM Buyer New Subscription Economy Index Is an Eye Opener Microsoft Trolls Small Biz With Outlook CRM Tool Signs and Symptoms Marketo VP Mike Telem: ABM Lets You Dust Off Old Marketing Techniques Engagement and Loyalty Salesforce Sets Up Lightning Community to Zap Competition AvePoint CEO TJ Jiang: Innovation Through Collaboration Microsoft Rebrands LinuxInsider Microsoft Goes All In for Linux JuJu Offers Speedy Model-Driven Software Approach wattOS Energizes Aging Hardware AWS Gives Customers On-Premises Linux Option Ubuntu Releases IoT Core Platform Q4OS+Trinity Gives New Meaning to Lightweight Microsoft Open Sources AI Toolkit Antique Kernel Flaw Opens Door to New Dirty Cow Exploit SPONSOR SHOWCASE Join Tomorrow's Intel Pioneers Introducing the Georgetown University master's in Applied Intelligence. Marketers - Fill Your Sales Funnel Instantly Access millions of IT and business decision makers. Our full-service global marketing program delivers sales-ready leads. Learn more. TechNewsWorld Headlines TechNewsWorld Cyber Grinches Could Disrupt Holidays' Biggest Shopping Weekend Gadget Ogling: Big Bendy Screens, Chatterbox Robots, and TV in the Cloud One of the Best New VR Things: Buying a Car Friend Finder Data Breach Exposes 400M Swingers GoPro's Drone Initiative Crashes With Karma Recall iPhone Call Logs Easy Pickings on iCloud, Says Russian Security Firm Twitter Cracks Down on Cyber Hate Google Clamps Down on Sneaky Malicious Sites Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2016 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home Veterans Resources VA Benefits Jobs for Veterans Jobs News for Veterans VA Home Loans Short Term Personal Loans Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) Medical & Health Forum RSS Feed Email Newsletter Sign-Up Download VT Apps VT APP (Android) VT App (Iphone) VT Radio App (Android) VT Radio App (Iphone) VT Radio & TV Channels YouTube ITunes Sound Cloud Android Devices Social Networks Facebook Google + Twitter Help Desk Submit Support Ticket Vladimir Putin We have one Fatherland, one people and a common future Home Health Agent Orange Coping Gulf War Illness (GWI) Medical Disability Benefits PTSD Investigations 9/11 Holocaust JFK Assassination Paris Attacks 2015 Sandy Hook Life Art, Books, & Entertainment Economy & Business Education Environment Food, Wine & Travel History Civil War (1861-1865) Cold War (1947-1991) Gulf War (1990-1991) Iraq War (2003-2011) Korean War (1950-1953) Libyan Civil War (2011-2014) Vietnam War (1955-1975) World War I (1914-1918) World War II (1939-1945) Humor Of Interest Peace, Causes & Activism Personal Finance Religion Media Military Heroes Support the Troops Politics Civil Liberties and Freedom Corruption Election 2016 Foreign Policy Government Legislation Veterans Benefits Regional Top 10 VA Home Loans Veteran Service Organizations Veterans Affairs WarZone Afghanistan War Drug War New World Order War Ukraine Wars War in Syria World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Russia Custom Weapons Download Apps VT Polls Career Center VT Books Contact Editorial Board-Staff Comment Policy Write for VT About Us Advertise Legal Notice Search Breaking: Experts Find Election Hack, Trump May Face Legal Challenge to Election Veterans hit the frontlines in Standing Rock War ‘Obama administration searching for cassus belli in Syria before Trump takes over’ Trump Turns His Back on his Nazi Friends NEO: Trump’s Team May Well Clean the Syrian Sewer Syrian War Report – November 23, 2016: Militants Face Hard Times in Aleppo West created Daesh to serve Israel’s interests President Obama responds to VT writers ‹ › Ian Greenhalgh is a photographer and historian with a particular interest in military history and the real causes of conflicts. His studies in history and background in the media industry have given him a keen insight into the use of mass media as a creator of conflict in the modern world. His favored areas of study include state sponsored terrorism, media manufactured reality and the role of intelligence services in manipulation of populations and the perception of events. View Latest Posts >>> Hacking tools stolen from NSA show Chinese cyberfirms were targeted, experts say By Ian Greenhalgh on August 22, 2016 One victim was Topsec, a Beijing-based company that provides network security for the government and PLA, according to analysts [ Editor’s note: The cyber wars, while far less public than the actual shooting wars, are no less real and sometimes no less damaging to the nation states under attack. We have seen Russia turn to domestic microprocessors and software for their governmental and military computing needs, casting aside Intel, Microsoft and other US companies for the simple reason that they cannot trust US products not to be fatally compromised by so-called ‘back doors’ and other exploits that would threaten the security of the systems they are part of. Now China is following suit, a move which will displease the US for multiple reasons; publicly they will talk about the loss of exports, privately they will be upset that this move will make cyber-espionage a much more difficult proposition... Ian] __________ South China Morning Post Hacking tools stolen from NSA show Chinese cyberfirms were targeted, experts say Hacking tools claimed to be pilfered from the US National Security Agency reveal a ­severe security threat to China, mainland experts say, with a leading national provider of network security said to be among the victims of the government hackers. Some of the data was released online over the weekend by the Shadow Brokers, an anonymous group of hackers which said it took them from the “Equation Group”, an elite espionage team widely believed to be operated by the NSA. An increasing number of security experts have since said the data appeared to be legitimate. Topsec is one of the largest security hardware suppliers in China, as big as Huawei. American cybersecurity firm Risk Based Security studied the release and found one victim was Beijing Topsec Network Security Technology, which provides firewall ­services to government arms, including the tax bureau, as well as the military. An analysis of the data by mainland ­cybersecurity company Rising showed China was at a severe risk. “We can tell for certain now that some attacks have been carried out against China,” Rising senior engineer Tang Wei said. “Topsec has been compromised; they are one of the largest security hardware suppliers in China, as big as Huawei.” Topsec provided internet security services for aspects of national space projects, including the maiden launch of the Long March 7 rocket in June and the docking of the Tiangong-1 space station with the Shenzhou-9 and Shenzhou-8 spacecrafts. Topsec has also provided information security for several international events held in China, such as the 2008 Beijing Summer Olympics, the 2010 Shanghai Expo and the World Internet Conference in Wuzhen in Zhejiang province last year. China and the US have traded accusations of hacking for years, but in 2013 former American intelligence analyst Edward Snowden revealed details about the extent of the NSA’s global surveillance programmes in 2013. He provided documents that showed the NSA was carrying out extensive hacking of major telecoms providers in China, and the Hong Kong headquarters of Pacnet, which owns a key fibre-optic submarine cable in the region. A year later the US Justice Department charged five officers in the People’s Liberation Army over computer hacking and economic espionage. Since the Snowden incident, China has replaced network components developed by overseas companies such as Cisco Systems to prevent infiltrators from exploiting “back doors”. But the code, which was created in 2010 and updated constantly until 2013, suggested domestic providers could be vulnerable to overseas attacks too, experts said. According to Tang, hackers could target vulnerabilities in firewall equipment and infiltrate internal networks run by commercial organisations or the government without being detected. “Many Chinese security companies, including us, are studying the data to patch up security loopholes. But what worries us most is that the tools have been disclosed,” Tang said. Another security expert, who declined to be named, said that although Topsec might not have the best engineers or technology among mainland cybersecurity companies, they were closest to the government. “In terms of government and military purchases, they are No 1, no doubt, leaving the runner-up nearly a block ­behind,” the source said. In addition to Topsec, three American companies – Cisco, Juniper Networks and Fortinet – were targeted by the Equation Group, according to the analysis by Risk Based Security. Another Chinese firm Shaanxi Networkcloud Information Technology was also targeted, according to a blog post by Nicholas Weaver, a researcher at the International Computer Science Institute in California. Networkcloud, located in Shaanxi province, is a distributor for Topsec, according to its website. Both Chinese companies did not ­immediately respond to inquiries by the South China Morning Post. The Shadow Brokers is auctioning the remaining tools to the highest bidder, ­saying that it will release them publicly if it receives 1 million bitcoins, valued at roughly US$568 million. ____________ Related Posts: Yes, the election WAS stolen – so who “sent” Trump? The FBI, the DHS’s Customs and Border Protection, the Secret Service, and the Israelis are in cahoots The Plot to Hack America: How Putin’s Cyberspies and WikiLeaks Tried to Steal the 2016 Election Experts at UN offer recommendations to combat terrorism Chinese Air Force to Join Anti-Terrorism Operations in Syria The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Ian Greenhalgh on August 22, 2016, With 1922 Reads Filed under World. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 4 Responses to "Hacking tools stolen from NSA show Chinese cyberfirms were targeted, experts say" rulez  August 23, 2016 at 1:32 am I think that obama administration is doing this on purpose.. just to provoke russia and china to make the first move Log in to Reply Psychopath  August 22, 2016 at 8:42 pm NEVER10 stops Microsoft from updating your computer to W10. Could be a ploy though to catch the non-upgrades. Log in to Reply Dr. Abu-Bakr Susta  August 22, 2016 at 1:26 pm Quantum computing & quantum communications may be unhackable. China just deployed a new quantum satellite communications system (for the new BRICS financial system, interbank clearing, etc.). Log in to Reply captain obvious  August 22, 2016 at 11:45 am USG has allowed microsuk to hack us all at home too with windoze10. win7 or win8 goes for updates, downloads and installs windoze10 after wiping out everything on your drive to do it! rendering millions of computers useless, is being hushed. Log in to Reply You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT Latest Top 10 Comments Breaking: Experts Find Election Hack, Trump May Face Legal Challenge to Election Veterans hit the frontlines in Standing Rock War ‘Obama administration searching for cassus belli in Syria before Trump takes over’ Trump Turns His Back on his Nazi Friends NEO: Trump’s Team May Well Clean the Syrian Sewer Syrian War Report – November 23, 2016: Militants Face Hard Times in Aleppo West created Daesh to serve Israel’s interests President Obama responds to VT writers How Many “Last Hospitals” Russia-led Airstrikes Destroyed in Aleppo? Dear Mr. Trump, About Your 29 Ideas Author Expects Trump to Turn US into Internationally Bully…Even more than now Busted: Syria’s “White Helmets,” the CIA’s Secret Weapon to Aid ISIS Syrian War Report – November 22, 2016: Syrian Army Purges ISIS Terrorists Secret Deep-Black War to Hijack your mind Battle for BREXIT United States of Detachment Exclusive: Rigged Election? Who’s afraid of a Red Herring? Predicted by VT: Ankara, Barzani Helping ISIL Commanders Flee Tal Afar Norway pedophile scandal: Politicians, police reportedly among 20 arrested suspects Ex-CIA chief: Trump will usher in new age in US-Israel relations Australian 60 Minutes exposed the Worldwide Satanic Pedophile Network (37491) Qatari princess having sex with seven men (15559) Meet the Jews in Donald Trump’s inner circle (10492) Russian spokeswoman says Jews behind Trump win (10100) VT Exclusive: Largest Pedophile Ring in History, 70,000 Members, Heads of State, the Rats Scramble (8424) Should the military overthrow Trump? (7901) Secret Deep-Black War to Hijack your mind (6366) If Trump does these ten things he’ll be the greatest president ever (6266) Possible Scenarios of the Conflict in Syria (5465) Alexander Solzhenitsyn: Truth Can and Will Destroy the New World Order and Satanism (5371) Edward Longshanks: Trump Turns His Back on his Nazi Friends Edward Longshanks: Trump Turns His Back on his Nazi Friends Detlef Reimers: Trump Turns His Back on his Nazi Friends Detlef Reimers: ‘Obama administration searching for cassus belli in Syria before Trump takes over’ Edward Longshanks: How Many “Last Hospitals” Russia-led Airstrikes Destroyed in Aleppo? Edward Longshanks: ‘Obama administration searching for cassus belli in Syria before Trump takes over’ Edward Longshanks: ‘Obama administration searching for cassus belli in Syria before Trump takes over’ Trakkath: Busted: Syria’s “White Helmets,” the CIA’s Secret Weapon to Aid ISIS Edward Longshanks: President Obama responds to VT writers Edward Longshanks: President Obama responds to VT writers VT Readers Poll Should USA break up into (2) separate countries, one Whites Only and other Everyone Else? Yes No Not Sure View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Featured Columnists Allen L Roland, PhD Bob Nichols Brig Asif H. Raja David Swanson Ed Mattson F. William Engdahl Gilad Atzmon Gordon Duff, Seni.. Ian Greenhalgh Jack Heart Jack Speer-Williams Jane Rosenstein Jim W. Dean, Mana.. Johnny Punish Jonas E. Alexis Kadir A. Mohmand Katherine Frisk Kevin Barrett Michael Shrimpton Muhammed Ali Carter Paul Fitzgerald Press TV Preston James, Ph.D Richard Edmondson Sami Jamil Jadallah South Front Stuart Littlewood World News Tommor.. Personal Finance View all 10 Tips To Get You Started Investing In Properties 10 Tips To Get You Started Investing In Properties How to avoid getting scammed over your utility bill Real Estate 101: How to Invest Smart in 2017 5 Rules of Investor That Push Him to the Top Frugal and Smart: Saving Money on Useless Things and Transferring Them to Important Ones National News View all Veteran homelessness in Alabama decreasing Veteran homelessness in Alabama decreasing York County seeking new veterans service officer The Liberation of the Slaves Fall and Rise of the Forgotten ‘Deplorables’ The Real Story of Thanksgiving VA Home Loans View all Trump Will Be Good for Housing: South Carolina Realtors Trump Will Be Good for Housing: South Carolina Realtors Mortgage Rates Rise to Near Pre-Brexit Levels How Can A Little Strategy Help You Win Big Eight Reasons to Invest in the Forex Market 7 guidelines on how to finance small business Career News View all Tate Joins HireVeterans.com! Tate Joins HireVeterans.com! American Academy of Pediatrics Joins HireVeterans.com! Can Peer-Led Support Services Help Veterans Stay in College? 3 smart business ideas for veterans Camden County College unveils Veterans Outpost Lounge Network News View all Expose Journalists Elizabeth Gould and Paul Fitzgerald Join VT Expose Journalists Elizabeth Gould and Paul Fitzgerald Join VT VOTE: Message from VT General Manager John Allen James Hall – Former Political Operative Joins VNN Sherwood Ross: Award-Winning Reporter Joins Veterans Today Writers Staff Rag Radio host Thorne Dreyer Joins VT Radio VT LIVE Radio TV Video Media   Listen Live TCK RADIO: Charles R. Smith “Shadow Gov’t, CyberTerrorism & PizzaGate” Making Money in Age of Trump (Vol. 1) The Source of our Crimes: Facing our Psychopathology as Nations and as People – Radio Free Kanata TCK Radio, “The Antichrist Is Here And Soon To Appear” WTF: NFL to Mexico a No Brainer with NFL International Analyst Reggie Collins! (Ep. 2) TCK Radio: Sandra Fecht “Renown Counselor Confirms Satanic Pedo Network” TOP 50 READ ARTICLES THIS MONTH Australian 60 Minutes exposed the Worldwide Satanic Pedophile Network Breaking/Exclusive: Comey Lied: FBI “Synced” Weiner Laptop Under Misused Terror Warrant – Updated “Lock Him Up” Trump Faces Possible Jail for Insurance Fraud Breaking/Exclusive: The New 9/11, Information In, Israel Rigs an Election (updating) Qatari princess having sex with seven men VT Exclusive: Largest Pedophile Ring in History, 70,000 Members, Heads of State, the Rats Scramble The Hidden History of the Incredibly Evil Khazarian Mafia (Updated) BREAKING: Comey Admits to Fabricating Email Investigation, Rigging Election in FBI Secret Memo Yes, the election WAS stolen – so who “sent” Trump? Time to take down the flag as most Americans surrender to a foreign backed coup Why the Red Poppy Holds Valuable Symbolism for War Veterans We “conspiracy theorists” won – so why aren’t I celebrating? Israel makes ‘Hail Mary’ move to influence US election – FBI commit treason? LUCIFER in the Temple of the Dog II Top 10 reasons to be a holocaust denier Vladimir Putin Is Morally and Intellectually Destroying the New World Order Trump is the Anti-Obama, Just Like Obama Was the Anti-Bush (But It’s All a Con Game) New World Order, Weiner and Revelation Disclosure: Beyond the Burning the FBI, VT Breaks New Ground(part IV) Meet the Jews in Donald Trump’s inner circle FBI “Insurrection” to Scuttle Director, Rig Election LUCIFER in the Temple of the Dog I Russian spokeswoman says Jews behind Trump win Tying it together, Wikileaks, the FBI and the Mob Part V Disclosure: Hillary Campaign Knew Trump Aided by Intel Agencies 1933: Trump Elected Chancellor Russia petrifies the New World Order and its agents—again Rape and Sex in German Cities After World War II Revisited (Part II) Will the Powers That Be assassinate Donald Trump? FBI “Insurrection” to Scuttle Director, Rig Election: part 2 Confirmation: British Pegida leader is an Israeli op Admiral Kuznetsov Carrier Group Saved Syria From US Cruise Missile Strikes Power, Pedophilia and the US Government Press TV: Duff Buries the Trump/ISIS Lie Machine Obama, Clinton, helpless at Russian election grab Should the military overthrow Trump? Looks like Hillary will be Trumped Vladimir Putin to George Soros: Thank God we kicked you out of Russia The Fall of the Saudis, the Battle after ISIS Russia wins the Syrian war; New World Order agents are becoming obsolete American Nightmare: Tyranny Under the FBI, an American Reality (Part III) On Trump and the Jews COINTELPRO II: The FBI Informant Army and Donald Trump VI (updated) October Boomerang The New World Order is melting in the heat of its own contradiction Secret Deep-Black War to Hijack your mind ISIS Takes Out M1A Abrams Tank with American TOW Missile (video) Rigged Election to Install Pervert-In-Chief “Wikileaks is the Mossad, Stupid, Not the Russians, We are playing them like a fiddle…” Assange (sort of) If Trump does these ten things he’ll be the greatest president ever Facebook Friend Us Twitter Follow Us Google+ Circle Us RSS Site Feed About Us Veterans Today (VT) is an independent online journal representing the positions and providing news for members of the military and veteran community in areas of national security, geopolitical stability and domestic policy. All writers are fully independent and represent their own point of view and not necessarily the point of view of any other writer, administrator or entity. Quick Links VT Live Radio & Video Download Apps Email Newsletter Advertise Contact Us Help Desk Search Archives Search Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 Search Veterans Today Network VETERANS TODAY NETWORK: National News | Foreign Affairs | Net Radio | Veterans Jobs | Career News | VA Home Loans | Money | Forums | Veteran Owned Businesses (VOSB) | Partners: USS Liberty | Rense.com | Log in  - Powered By Veterans Today Network
null
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse UBS Breaks Down The Clouding Cyber Fundamentals Monica Gerson , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} August 22, 2016 9:05am   Comments Share: Related SYMC Mid-Day Market Update: Headwaters Surges On Acquisition News; Cubic Shares Slide Benzinga's Volume Movers Symantec Acquires LifeLock To Offer Comprehensive Security (Seeking Alpha) Related FTNT Watch These 7 Huge Call Purchases In Friday Trade 7 Biggest Price Target Changes For Tuesday Palo Alto Networks Miss, FireEye Downgrade Roil Security Stocks (Investor's Business Daily) For about three years, cybersecurity spending has been in a “super cycle,” UBS’s Brent Thill said in a report. The analyst added, however, that the 1H16 earnings and “our ongoing field work” indicate that the phase of “indiscriminate budget allocations” may be over. Takeaways Thill mentioned that the group’s earnings and channel checks indicate: While the share in overall IT spending was growth, the growth magnitudes were normalizing Binge buying patterns were rationalizing Vendors who had limited scale were being “squeezed out” for bigger platforms Weaker linearity substantiating large stage of spending cycle and intensifying competition Increase in subscription-oriented consumption of security products, with lower appliance-centric consumption, “with diverging stock performance of appliance-first vs. subscription-first vendors the proofpoint.” Related Link: Cybersecurity Expert Talks DNC Hack, How To Keep Your Email Account Safe Subscription-Based Consumption “Appliance fatigue and appetite for software-first architectures have upended most enterprice IT purchasing and cybersecurity is no longer an exception. While the risk of lower product revs is plapably high, this is likely to be felt across the security category, and which we don’t view as a demand depressant nor a vendor specific issue, but an industry-wide phenomenon for bundled software features,” Thill wrote. Recommendations The analyst recommended sticking to Symantec Corporation (NASDAQ: SYMC), Fortinet Inc (NASDAQ: FTNT) and Palo Alto Networks Inc (NYSE: PANW), while commenting that Secureworks Corp (NASDAQ: SCWX) was a defensive play. He termed FireEye Inc (NASDAQ: FEYE) and Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (NASDAQ: CHKP) as “lukewarm.” Thill considers Symantec as the best 2H16 stock with limited downside, renewed leadership and strategic direction, Fortinet as a favored mid-cap GARP play with potential activist involvement and Palo Alto as a good long-term company, but likely soft Q3 results and tough comps in the near term. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Posted-In: Brent Thill Cybersecurity UBSAnalyst Color Long Ideas Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (CHKP + FEYE) 7 Biggest Price Target Changes For Tuesday Palo Alto Scares The Cybersecurity Sector Goldman Downgrades FireEye To Sell; 'Fundamentals Likely Remain Challenged Through 2017' Palo Alto: This Cybersecurity Firm's Q1 May Prove Foolproof Sell-Side Views Pour In After Cisco's First Quarter How Cisco's Results Bode For Arista, FireEye, Palo Alto Networks View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Benzinga Sign up for email alerts on SYMC Trending Recent 1 DRYS, MDT: 18 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 2 JACK, SIG: 12 Stocks You Should Be Watching Today 3 LC, DRYS: LendingClub Has Major Short Squeeze Potential 4 CHKP, FEYE: Palo Alto: This Cybersecurity Firm's Q1... 5 CTSH: Bank Of America Cuts Cognizant's Pr... 6 AAPL, SCTY: President-Elect Trump and Your... 7 GVP, FNBC: An Activist's To... 1 DE, PCAR: Stocks Hitting 52-Week Highs 2 HPE: Pullback In Hewlett Packard Enterprise Creates Opportunity 3 AGND, HYND: Bond ETF Ideas For A Hawkish Fed 4 Corn, Wheat Futures Lower 5 LLY, MDGS: Mid-Morning Market Update: Markets Mostly Lower; D... 6 JUNO: Juno Therapeutics Plummets 30% After Leukemia... 7 U.S. Dollar Index Higher, Consumer Sentiment I... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Benzinga Talks With Imprimis Pharmaceuticals' CEO About Earnings, MKO Melt, Drug Pricing And More The Market In 5 Minutes: Indexes Remain In Tight Range As Rio Olympics Come To An End
Electronic Products and Technology Canada's Leading Electronics Website Subscribe Digital Edition News Products Features EPTECH Shows More Videos Industry Events Buyers Guide White Papers Digital Edition Advertise Contacts Subscribe Feature Shaping tomorrow’s wearables with today’s sensors and wireless technologies August 22, 2016 by Deryl Kimbro, senior business development manager and Mehul Udani, general manager, connectivity solutions Group, Murata Americas Topics Wireless Tags wearable tech More Features More than 50 years ago, Intel co-founder Gordon Moore predicted that the overall processing power of computers would double every two years into the foreseeable future. Moore’s Law, as it was aptly coined, denoted that the number of transistors per square inch on integrated circuits would also double every year since their invention. Based on that hypothesis, the wearable devices that we are so attached to – literally and figuratively – may have been inevitable. However, the foresight that Moore demonstrated could not have predicted how this technology would end up constructing and defining markets so many decades later. Even 10 years ago, fitness trackers were still in their infancy and represented just a glimpse of things to come. Now many analysts and stakeholders agree – the market has moved from its innovation to adoption stage. That, of course, brings new opportunities and challenges. Miniaturization has always been a constant factor With wearable devices, miniaturization has always been a constant factor, but now lower power consumption is also a leading driver. With lower consumption comes a huge demand for greater battery life. Given that, electronics manufacturers are developing sensors that simultaneously allow a decreased footprint and extended battery life. A critical focus area is on medical applications. With an aging population, many companies are looking towards sensor technology to measure the wellness of elderly care patients – especially remote monitoring functions. Someone’s vital signs, exercise habits, sleep patterns, etc. can be shared with doctors and family members throughout their daily lives at home, and not just from a hospital. From the old to the young, the applications are virtually endless. Consider this: parents can now buy baby socks that monitor an infant’s heart and oxygen rates just as easily as they can a car seat or box of diapers. OEMs are actively using science and technology expertise As more wearable electronics hit the market every day, manufacturers are actively using science and technology expertise and focused R&D efforts to anticipate and meet ever-evolving industry demands. Not only do developers require miniaturized, low-power consuming, highly-reliable building blocks, these solutions also have to deliver advanced connectivity. Enter wireless communications products, design challenges and all. On the connectivity front, Bluetooth Smart 4.0/4.1 technology communicates readily with consumer devices such as cell phones, tablets, laptops or the many other Bluetooth Smart Enabled applications, allowing greater wireless connections to sensors and other devices. Moreover, the rollout of Bluetooth Smart 4.2 increased the need for streamlined functionality and connectivity. Security support is also becoming key due to HIPPA regulations. Further, the Bluetooth Special Interest Group (SIG) in June announced that its next release, Bluetooth 5, will launch later this year or early next. The technology promises significantly increased range, speed, and broadcast messaging capacity to truly enable the future wearable market. Wi-Fi with 11ac technology can help medical apps What other technology can drive this? Wi-Fi with 11ac technology can help medical applications that need super high throughputs. 11ac technology brings Ethernet speeds to wireless by enabling highly demanding applications. The next generation of 11ac technology allows high throughput at very low power levels. This feature makes it very well suited for the wearable market, since transmissions happen at a very high speed in a short time but stay in sleep mode otherwise. Over the next several years, the wearable market will be driven by smart wearables such as activity trackers, smartwatches, and smart clothing in applications ranging from industrial, and tourism to, of course, healthcare. Those manufactures that are continually pushing the envelope and actively at the forefront of realizing this connected world, will be poised to carve out a stake in the challenging, dynamic, and fascinating wearables market. http://www.murata.com Print this page Tweet Related Bluetooth Smart Technology preps for 67% growth in wearables Enterprise wearables market to reach $18B Agilent Technologies’ new EXM wireless test set Apple watch spurs wireless charging in wearable tech Have your say: Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * E-mail * Website netCOMPONENTS Part Search Enter Part Number Search Parts Powered by More REDWIRE Wavefront and Vandrico accelerate industrial IoT through collaboration with wearable OEMs Understanding power supply measurement throughout the design process Services Digital Edition Subscribe Advertise Contacts Event organizers Like us on Facebook @EPTmagazine View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives Subscribe to Print Trending China electronics firm to recall some U.S. products after hacking attack Gartner lists top 10 strategic technology trends for 2017 3D Printing of electronic devices to hit $420-Million IoT wearable market is ‘healthy’ Smartwatch market declines as platforms, vendors realign Infineon chip solves Rubik’s Cube in 637 milliseconds Montreal-based artificial intelligence startup factory launched Copyright Notice Feedback Sitemap © Copyright 2016 Annex Business Media
indiatimes logo News Lifestyle Entertainment Health Videos Sports Trending #Breathless indiatimes logo Menu Facebook Here's Why The USB Type-C Is Better Than Any 3.5mm Headphone Jack Share facebook twitter reddit facebook twitter search X Loading...... Load more Home News India World Sports Weird Lifestyle Self Style Tech Who we are Travel Food Entertainment Bollywood Celebscoop Hollywood Health Healthy Living Recipes Inspire Tips & Tricks Buzz Videos Sports Trending #Breathless Follow indiatimes facebook twitter     TRENDING TODAY Girl Gives Fake Number To Guys She Meets, Real Owner Of Number Trolls The Life Out Of Them New 'Super Earth' Discovered Orbiting A Star Nearby, Smaller And Cooler Than The Sun I Made It To The Coldplay Concert And Here Are 15 Things That Happened 8 Hilarious Memes You Can Relate To If You Are An Online Shopping Addict 7 Places You Should Visit Around India If Food Is The Love Of Your Life close Home > lifestyle > tech Here's Why The USB Type-C Is Better Than Any 3.5mm Headphone Jack Rishabh Banerji August 22, 2016 facebook twitter reddit Smartphone users around the world might be disheartened about the impending end of the 3.5mm audio port, but what most don't realise is that the removal of the audio port is more than just a cosmetic change.  digitaltrends With budget phones like LeEco and other flagship phones like Moto Z already having ditched the 3.5mm jack, and with Apple rumoured to have removed it from their next flagship, iPhone 7 as well, consumers need to be adjusting to life with the USB Type-C. It's a smarter alternative too.  2.bp.blogspot.com CNET reported that Intel architects Brad Saunders and Rahman Ismail at the Intel Developer Forum explained how the USB-C could become a far better port for devices in modern day smartphones. Of course, it accounts for slimmer phones in the future. With digital audio, the software and the device makers could help cheaper earbuds take advantage of the features which were reserved for more expensive headphones like noise cancelling and bass boosting.  shopify.com USB concern There's of course the need for new adapters which will only add to the bill but apart from that, there's also the power issue. A USB connected device drains a lot more power than a regular 3.5 mm port. Which might be the factor that stops consumers from making the change. But Intel has revised specifications for the USB-C to detect if the microphone is in use or not. So when it's not in use, it could be turned off to save battery. The difference could become negligible, Saunders said. Intel Better video quality While it may not be able to compete with the HDMI, the USB-C is capable of high speed data transfers. You could connect your smartphone or computer to a display through USB-C to run videos and apps. Also, it will be able to handle multiple connections at once with the help of a hub. Something that wasn't possible with the 3.5mm jack. There is a demand for the smartphones to be able to accommodate multi-tasking and with the USB-C, the possibilities might be endless.  facebook twitter reddit Comment Here ADVERTISEMENT Follow @indiatimes Next on Indiatimes Lifestyle: Mark Zuckerberg Gives Away $95 Million Worth Of Facebook Shares To Charity Spotlight PARTNER 6 Ways Your Bridesmaid Can Help You Keep Calm On The Big Day PARTNER 7 Things That People Who Are Always Lost In Their Own Thoughts Will Relate To 7 Things That People Who Are Always Lost In Their Own Thoughts Will Relate To Parthiv Patel Set To Make Test Comeback After 8 Years And The News Has Broken The Internet! Trending Girl Gives Fake Number To Guys She Meets, Real Owner Of Number Trolls The Life Out Of Them 1.1k Shares New 'Super Earth' Discovered Orbiting A Star Nearby, Smaller And Cooler Than The Sun 2.5k Shares I Made It To The Coldplay Concert And Here Are 15 Things That Happened 23.6k Shares 8 Hilarious Memes You Can Relate To If You Are An Online Shopping Addict 15.8k Shares 7 Places You Should Visit Around India If Food Is The Love Of Your Life 32.1k Shares     Our Channels News Lifestyle Entertainment Health Videos Sports Trending Sections india world sports weird self style Tech who we are travel food bollywood celebscoop hollywood Healthy Living Recipes Inspire Tips & Tricks Buzz Photogallery Indiatimes Lifestyle Network MENS XP iDiva Luxury Ask Men Pursuitist Specials #FRONTLINES #GOFORGOLD #INDIANAMA Other Sites News – TO CricBuzz Happy Trips Business Insider ZoomTv Gizmodo Lifehacker IGN BoxTV Gaana Online Shopping Techradar Daily Deals Gitanjali Shop Satvik Shop WHAT'S HOT ZigWheels FILMIPOP Filmfare Femina Mobile Greetings Follo Jobs Property Astrology Speaking Tree Matrimonial iTimes Ads2book TcNext Romedy Now About us Mobile Apps ARCHIVES sitemap Contact us ABOUT INDIATIMES Privacy Policy Terms & CONDITIONS Copyright © 2016 Times Internet Limited. Powered by Indiatimes Lifestyle Network. All rights reserved Archive | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Indiatimes Mobile | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy

Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: Did you know that you can get Phoronix Premium for under $3 per month? Try it today to view our site ad-free, multi-page articles on a single page, and more while the proceeds allow us to write more Linux hardware reviews. Skylake EDAC Driver Is A Late Addition To Linux 4.8 Kernel Written by Michael Larabel in Linux Kernel on 21 August 2016 at 05:14 PM EDT. 1 Comment A new driver addition coming only now to the Linux 4.8 kernel after the merge window closure is skx_edac. This new thousand lines of code is for providing error detection and correction (EDAC) for the Intel Skylake server integrated memory controllers. Skylake servers are getting their own new EDAC driver due to various architectural changes with the hardware they decided to stop extending the Sandy Bridge EDAC driver. Tony Luck of Intel is the maintainer of this new skx_edac driver. The driver landed with this Git commit today. 1 Comment Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Linux Kernel News Hisilicon Hibmc DRM Driver Being Added For Linux 4.10 Early Independent Benchmarks Of The MuQSS Scheduler Linux 4.9-rc6 Released, Final Might Be Pushed Back By Another Week New Heterogeneous Memory Management For Linux, Will Be Supported By NVIDIA/Nouveau Kernel Lockdown Patches Published (LOCK_DOWN_KERNEL) Explicit Fencing For Atomic DRM Drivers Coming In Linux 4.10 Popular News Intel Vulkan Linux Driver Lands Color Compression Support For Skylake Fedora 25 Cleared For Release Next Week GNOME Lands Mainline NVIDIA Wayland Support Using EGLStreams GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) GTX 1060 vs. RX 480 - The ~$200 GPU Decision For Linux Gamers Explicit Fencing For Atomic DRM Drivers Coming In Linux 4.10 Latest Linux News OpenCL Remains One Of AMDGPU-PRO's Main Advantages, Can't Wait For It To Be Open RADV Vulkan Driver Patch For Initial PRIME Support It's Time For The Annual Thanksgiving Event To Support Our Linux Testing, Benchmarking Intel's Recent Noteworthy Vulkan Patches Hit Mainline Mesa GNOME 3.23.2 Released With More Work Towards GNOME 3.24 Fedora 25 Officially Released & I Highly Recommend It Total War: WARHAMMER Released For Linux Intel Vulkan Linux Driver Lands Cull & Clip Distance Support OpenCL Image Support For Gallium3D's Clover RadeonSI Patches For Compiling Optimized Shader Variants Asynchronously Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU-PRO vs. NVIDIA On Linux With OpenGL & Vulkan OpenSUSE Leap 42.1 vs. Leap 42.2 vs. Tumbleweed Benchmarks Total War: WARHAMMER - AMD RadeonSI Linux Performance Total War: WARHAMMER NVIDIA Linux Benchmarks Fedora 25 Turned Out Great, Definitely My Most Favorite Fedora Release Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
null
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » Q&A Don't bring a drug under price control because it's widely sold: Shailesh Ayyangar Business Standard We want to drive more value creation out of India: Nivruti Rai Interview with General manager, Intel India Bibhu Ranjan Mishra  |  Bengaluru  August 23, 2016 Last Updated at 00:31 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TGv7qq Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Ajay Shah: India's start-ups are lazy businesses Web portal for start-ups to go online by next week: DIPP secretary Nasscom, IvyCap Ventures join hands to connect start-ups, investors, mentors Karnataka gets large firms to help start-ups Amazon reaches the cloud to shower start-ups with data Chipmaker Intel is going through a huge transformation globally reorienting focus on emerging areas like Cloud, Internet of Things (IoT) and smart and connected devices. This, in April this year, the California-headquartered company had announced, would result in reduction of 12,000 positions globally, almost 11% of its overall workforce. In an interaction with Bibhu Ranjan Mishra, her first one with media in the new role, Nivruti Rai, general manager of Intel India talks about how her focus would be on steering Intel India through its  third phase of journey, by deriving at least 30% more value through multitude of ways. Edited experts What would be your key focus areas in this role? I have been with Intel for 22+ years and half of my career here was in technology development, when I was in the US. The second half of my career has been in India as a technical manager. Intel India has gone through an organizational maturity phase. At the early stage, about 10-15 years ago, we were focusing on building credibility. It involved hiring strong talent and set up the organization with people and infrastructure. Then came the execution phase, which was essentially about building predictability by executing on key programmes flawlessly and consistently. From the organization maturity perspective we have now come to a stage of excellence where we are driving both innovations and inventions. The expectation from me is to drive excellence and create much higher value for the organization. One example of this is how to use the 7,500 people we have in India in a manner so that we create value equivalent to 10,000 or 12,000 people.  What are the innovations you are driving out of India? Within Intel India, there are different business groups which are driving innovations such as data centre development, graphics development, platform integration and IP development, all in hardware & software. When you look at the portfolio that Intel India is working on, we have an opportunity to invent and innovate in every single domain. For example, how we can make data centres better, smarter and more efficient; what can we do to graphics to make it better, work on brand new IPs that create new use cases. And, the world is moving towards making our machines more smarter while the smartest and most evolved living being is human. So how we can make our machines think like humans or enable machines to act like human brain. Those are the kind of areas I am looking at Intel India to work. Intel is very interested to make automobiles smart and connected, so that is another area of opportunity for us.  You have taken up the mantle of heading Intel India engineering centre at a time when globally the company is undergoing a restructuring and had announced around 12,000 job reductions. How is it going to impact India? It’s not really a reduction. It’s a shift in focus in line with our new strategy of virtuous cycle of growth.   What is the number of people in India who will get impacted by this? We are still working towards our transformation journey. So it’s not one shot. But like I said, I don’t look at it as a reduction. I look at it as a shift. This is about being proactive – looking at what are the needs and market requirements, and the kind of capabilities and products we need to build in alignment with our vision of touching the lives of everybody in the earth.  Critics say that one of the strong causes behind the massive restructuring by Intel is it lost the plot to play a major role in mobility segment. So how the focus is shifting? We are not getting out of mobile. We have a mobile roadmap though some projects may not happen. So what will it mean to India? Any change that we are making is to drive new strategies. Because of the changes globally, our focus has shifted – to things like machine learning to automobile. That’s exactly the focus we are shifting to Intel India also. We have created a slogan which says 'maximize Intel with maximum India’.  As you said, since the focus is on creating more value out of the existing employee base, how is it going to happen? There are many ways for doing this, not obviously by just making people go through the grinds and getting more hours. Making people work for long hours is not a sustainable strategy. So, we have to create strategies that keep our employees happy and motivated and this is something I am trying to figure out.  How can that be done? This can be done by making a person working in one technology area to learn another related technology. For example, let’s say there is one guy who does fantastic work in logic design and another, circuit design. The circuit design guy is cross-trained in logic design, which is an allied field, he can be roped in whenever there is a need for logic design and there is shortage of people. There are many different ways that we have thought which will help in creating 30% more value out of the existing people, without increasing the work hour. It’s about creating higher value.  So, does it mean that you are not going to hire for the next two-three years (in India)? We will hire to do new things as per Intel's current strategy. It does not mean that I am reducing the staff (here).  Of late, Intel is gearing up to work with the fledgling start-up ecosystem in India. What is your observation about the start-ups in the country? The startup ecosystem in India has a lot of room to grow. The reason why I say that is we have 8 million people in Bangalore which is equivalent to the entire population of Israel. Now, Israel does five startups a day and India does five startups a day with 1.2 billion population. So, there is a big gap. We have a huge opportunity to nurture and grow the product startup ecosystem here.  What is the status of the 'Maker Lab’ initiative you launched last year? In August last year, we started Intel India Maker Lab with an incubation facility. We set up a facility with Maker Lab where we provide start-ups with platforms, hardware, software development kits and mentoring from senior technologists from Intel India. We have now 18 start-ups here, and we are aligning the start-ups to our focus areas. One of these areas is automobiles. Our intent is to collaborate with them and enable them to the next level with think tank, equipment and ability because they contribute to our vision. We have set a review board with corporate experts and we will leverage them to identify and take them into the next level of engagement.  Read More On Intel India | Iot | Nivruti Rai | Cloud | Start-ups | Innovation | Data Centres | Israel | India | Start-up Ecosystem | Maker Lab | Companies | Q&a PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? 6 mistakes to avoid while trading online We want to drive more value creation out of India: Nivruti Rai Interview with General manager, Intel India Interview with General manager, Intel India Chipmaker Intel is going through a huge transformation globally reorienting focus on emerging areas like Cloud, Internet of Things (IoT) and smart and connected devices. This, in April this year, the California-headquartered company had announced, would result in reduction of 12,000 positions globally, almost 11% of its overall workforce. In an interaction with Bibhu Ranjan Mishra, her first one with media in the new role, Nivruti Rai, general manager of Intel India talks about how her focus would be on steering Intel India through its  third phase of journey, by deriving at least 30% more value through multitude of ways. Edited experts What would be your key focus areas in this role? I have been with Intel for 22+ years and half of my career here was in technology development, when I was in the US. The second half of my career has been in India as a technical manager. Intel India has gone through an organizational maturity phase. At the early stage, about 10-15 years ago, we were focusing on building credibility. It involved hiring strong talent and set up the organization with people and infrastructure. Then came the execution phase, which was essentially about building predictability by executing on key programmes flawlessly and consistently. From the organization maturity perspective we have now come to a stage of excellence where we are driving both innovations and inventions. The expectation from me is to drive excellence and create much higher value for the organization. One example of this is how to use the 7,500 people we have in India in a manner so that we create value equivalent to 10,000 or 12,000 people.  What are the innovations you are driving out of India? Within Intel India, there are different business groups which are driving innovations such as data centre development, graphics development, platform integration and IP development, all in hardware & software. When you look at the portfolio that Intel India is working on, we have an opportunity to invent and innovate in every single domain. For example, how we can make data centres better, smarter and more efficient; what can we do to graphics to make it better, work on brand new IPs that create new use cases. And, the world is moving towards making our machines more smarter while the smartest and most evolved living being is human. So how we can make our machines think like humans or enable machines to act like human brain. Those are the kind of areas I am looking at Intel India to work. Intel is very interested to make automobiles smart and connected, so that is another area of opportunity for us.  You have taken up the mantle of heading Intel India engineering centre at a time when globally the company is undergoing a restructuring and had announced around 12,000 job reductions. How is it going to impact India? It’s not really a reduction. It’s a shift in focus in line with our new strategy of virtuous cycle of growth.   What is the number of people in India who will get impacted by this? We are still working towards our transformation journey. So it’s not one shot. But like I said, I don’t look at it as a reduction. I look at it as a shift. This is about being proactive – looking at what are the needs and market requirements, and the kind of capabilities and products we need to build in alignment with our vision of touching the lives of everybody in the earth.  Critics say that one of the strong causes behind the massive restructuring by Intel is it lost the plot to play a major role in mobility segment. So how the focus is shifting? We are not getting out of mobile. We have a mobile roadmap though some projects may not happen. So what will it mean to India? Any change that we are making is to drive new strategies. Because of the changes globally, our focus has shifted – to things like machine learning to automobile. That’s exactly the focus we are shifting to Intel India also. We have created a slogan which says 'maximize Intel with maximum India’.  As you said, since the focus is on creating more value out of the existing employee base, how is it going to happen? There are many ways for doing this, not obviously by just making people go through the grinds and getting more hours. Making people work for long hours is not a sustainable strategy. So, we have to create strategies that keep our employees happy and motivated and this is something I am trying to figure out.  How can that be done? This can be done by making a person working in one technology area to learn another related technology. For example, let’s say there is one guy who does fantastic work in logic design and another, circuit design. The circuit design guy is cross-trained in logic design, which is an allied field, he can be roped in whenever there is a need for logic design and there is shortage of people. There are many different ways that we have thought which will help in creating 30% more value out of the existing people, without increasing the work hour. It’s about creating higher value.  So, does it mean that you are not going to hire for the next two-three years (in India)? We will hire to do new things as per Intel's current strategy. It does not mean that I am reducing the staff (here).  Of late, Intel is gearing up to work with the fledgling start-up ecosystem in India. What is your observation about the start-ups in the country? The startup ecosystem in India has a lot of room to grow. The reason why I say that is we have 8 million people in Bangalore which is equivalent to the entire population of Israel. Now, Israel does five startups a day and India does five startups a day with 1.2 billion population. So, there is a big gap. We have a huge opportunity to nurture and grow the product startup ecosystem here.  What is the status of the 'Maker Lab’ initiative you launched last year? In August last year, we started Intel India Maker Lab with an incubation facility. We set up a facility with Maker Lab where we provide start-ups with platforms, hardware, software development kits and mentoring from senior technologists from Intel India. We have now 18 start-ups here, and we are aligning the start-ups to our focus areas. One of these areas is automobiles. Our intent is to collaborate with them and enable them to the next level with think tank, equipment and ability because they contribute to our vision. We have set a review board with corporate experts and we will leverage them to identify and take them into the next level of engagement.  Bibhu Ranjan Mishra Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 We want to drive more value creation out of India: Nivruti Rai Interview with General manager, Intel India Chipmaker Intel is going through a huge transformation globally reorienting focus on emerging areas like Cloud, Internet of Things (IoT) and smart and connected devices. This, in April this year, the California-headquartered company had announced, would result in reduction of 12,000 positions globally, almost 11% of its overall workforce. In an interaction with Bibhu Ranjan Mishra, her first one with media in the new role, Nivruti Rai, general manager of Intel India talks about how her focus would be on steering Intel India through its  third phase of journey, by deriving at least 30% more value through multitude of ways. Edited experts What would be your key focus areas in this role? I have been with Intel for 22+ years and half of my career here was in technology development, when I was in the US. The second half of my career has been in India as a technical manager. Intel India has gone through an organizational maturity phase. At the early stage, about 10-15 years ago, we were focusing on building credibility. It involved hiring strong talent and set up the organization with people and infrastructure. Then came the execution phase, which was essentially about building predictability by executing on key programmes flawlessly and consistently. From the organization maturity perspective we have now come to a stage of excellence where we are driving both innovations and inventions. The expectation from me is to drive excellence and create much higher value for the organization. One example of this is how to use the 7,500 people we have in India in a manner so that we create value equivalent to 10,000 or 12,000 people.  What are the innovations you are driving out of India? Within Intel India, there are different business groups which are driving innovations such as data centre development, graphics development, platform integration and IP development, all in hardware & software. When you look at the portfolio that Intel India is working on, we have an opportunity to invent and innovate in every single domain. For example, how we can make data centres better, smarter and more efficient; what can we do to graphics to make it better, work on brand new IPs that create new use cases. And, the world is moving towards making our machines more smarter while the smartest and most evolved living being is human. So how we can make our machines think like humans or enable machines to act like human brain. Those are the kind of areas I am looking at Intel India to work. Intel is very interested to make automobiles smart and connected, so that is another area of opportunity for us.  You have taken up the mantle of heading Intel India engineering centre at a time when globally the company is undergoing a restructuring and had announced around 12,000 job reductions. How is it going to impact India? It’s not really a reduction. It’s a shift in focus in line with our new strategy of virtuous cycle of growth.   What is the number of people in India who will get impacted by this? We are still working towards our transformation journey. So it’s not one shot. But like I said, I don’t look at it as a reduction. I look at it as a shift. This is about being proactive – looking at what are the needs and market requirements, and the kind of capabilities and products we need to build in alignment with our vision of touching the lives of everybody in the earth.  Critics say that one of the strong causes behind the massive restructuring by Intel is it lost the plot to play a major role in mobility segment. So how the focus is shifting? We are not getting out of mobile. We have a mobile roadmap though some projects may not happen. So what will it mean to India? Any change that we are making is to drive new strategies. Because of the changes globally, our focus has shifted – to things like machine learning to automobile. That’s exactly the focus we are shifting to Intel India also. We have created a slogan which says 'maximize Intel with maximum India’.  As you said, since the focus is on creating more value out of the existing employee base, how is it going to happen? There are many ways for doing this, not obviously by just making people go through the grinds and getting more hours. Making people work for long hours is not a sustainable strategy. So, we have to create strategies that keep our employees happy and motivated and this is something I am trying to figure out.  How can that be done? This can be done by making a person working in one technology area to learn another related technology. For example, let’s say there is one guy who does fantastic work in logic design and another, circuit design. The circuit design guy is cross-trained in logic design, which is an allied field, he can be roped in whenever there is a need for logic design and there is shortage of people. There are many different ways that we have thought which will help in creating 30% more value out of the existing people, without increasing the work hour. It’s about creating higher value.  So, does it mean that you are not going to hire for the next two-three years (in India)? We will hire to do new things as per Intel's current strategy. It does not mean that I am reducing the staff (here).  Of late, Intel is gearing up to work with the fledgling start-up ecosystem in India. What is your observation about the start-ups in the country? The startup ecosystem in India has a lot of room to grow. The reason why I say that is we have 8 million people in Bangalore which is equivalent to the entire population of Israel. Now, Israel does five startups a day and India does five startups a day with 1.2 billion population. So, there is a big gap. We have a huge opportunity to nurture and grow the product startup ecosystem here.  What is the status of the 'Maker Lab’ initiative you launched last year? In August last year, we started Intel India Maker Lab with an incubation facility. We set up a facility with Maker Lab where we provide start-ups with platforms, hardware, software development kits and mentoring from senior technologists from Intel India. We have now 18 start-ups here, and we are aligning the start-ups to our focus areas. One of these areas is automobiles. Our intent is to collaborate with them and enable them to the next level with think tank, equipment and ability because they contribute to our vision. We have set a review board with corporate experts and we will leverage them to identify and take them into the next level of engagement.  Bibhu Ranjan Mishra Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
null
null
null
SearchCIO Search the TechTarget Network Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access. Login SearchCIO SearchCompliance SearchHealthIT SearchCloudComputing SearchMobileComputing SearchDataCenter Topic Mobile strategy Topics View All CIO mission Cloud computing Cybersecurity Digital business transformation BI and big data Apps, infrastructure and operations Topics Archive Please select a category Topics Section Evaluate News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Sponsored Communities Competitive advantages of mobile apps for customers, employees Christian Stafford Related Videos Cloud mobile back-end benefits for businesses How cloud helps alleviate mobile app development challenges Mobile cloud services: Big 3 vs. pure-play MBaaS providers Implementing bimodal IT: Brownfield vs. Greenfield development + View All Videos Share this item with your network: With more and more people -- both corporate employees and the customers those corporations do business with -- turning to their smartphones or tablets as their primary device of choice, it is imperative for CIOs to set a mobile strategy for their companies. That mobile strategy should tap mobile cloud: back-end, cloud-based features that extend mobile devices' storage capacities, help handle identity and access management tasks for the devices, provide synchronization and integration with core business systems, and connect with third-party services via API gateways.   In this webcast, Kurt Marko, analyst at MarkoInsights, explains the importance of mobile apps and the competitive advantages of mobile. Watch this webcast to learn of the many benefits mobile offers for businesses, and understand the approach of "go mobile or get left behind." Editor's note: The following is a transcript of the first of four excerpts of Marko's webcast presentation on the advantages of mobile cloud. It has been edited for clarity and length. Part 2 examines mobile cloud app development challenges and how the cloud helps. Part 3 discusses MBaaS features and vendors. And Part 4 provides recommendations and action items.  Kurt Marko: The topic today is mobile cloud. But before we get to mobile cloud, we have to try to take a few steps to understand why mobile is in the enterprise in the first place. There is a very symbiotic relationship between mobile and cloud. In fact, Intel is fond of quoting a stat about the number of mobile devices that drive the sale of one server. And it's in the range of around 400 or 500 smartphones and 100 to 200 tablets. In other words, for all of those devices, when you hear the sales of billions of iPhones, those are generally connecting to some sort of service. And that's typically a cloud-based service. Obviously, in the case of smartphones, many of those are consumer services, but for the digital enterprise, it's critical that as consumer behavior moves to mobile that they have a strategy for doing the same. So that kind of leads us into the mobile app imperative and why companies do need a mobile strategy. Smartphones and tablets are really the preferred device for everyone these days: whether they're customers, employees, business partners. More and more of the time online and in front of a screen is being spent on a mobile device. So, if you want to capture those eyeballs, so to speak, your business has to have a mobile strategy and to mobilize its digital assets. One of the problems: Early on companies were thinking that mobile websites were an added solution to the problem. And they are indeed OK for text-based or information-sharing sorts of applications, but even there you'll find many news organizations and broadcasters have found that people find that engaging with the mobile web is not as compelling as the native app experience. People spend more time in apps than on their mobile browser. And that higher engagement means more business and more productivity: more business for you if your channel is a mobile sales channel and more productivity out of your employees if you have mobilized some of your business processes. There are a number of reasons for that. We won't go into great detail. But the apps provide a cleaner UI and a richer feature set, and include access to a number of the unique mobile capabilities of the device, including location awareness, the use of cameras and other sensors, and offline access. For a number of reasons -- you can look up the stats -- but you'll find that the percentage of users who consider their primary device to be their smartphone is climbing and well in excess of 50% now, particularly among young people. That kind of leads to the conclusion [of] "go mobile or be left behind if you're in business." And mobile provides a competitive advantage. And increasingly, that's going to switch to be a competitive disadvantage if you aren't mobile, since mobile will be considered a baseline by your customers, regardless of the industry that you're in. With customers, particularly in businesses with a lot of customer-facing activities like retail, hospitality, customer service -- I could add financial services to that list -- mobile is extremely popular. All we have to look at for evidence is the rising share of mobile sales during the holiday season: It grabs a greater and greater share of retail dollars every year. With customers, it also provides, if you're doing outbound marketing, better ad targeting, user engagement, and customer reach. I could also add integration with different social networks and social sharing, which allows you to kind of extend your reach to a customer's social circle. For employees, mobile provides competitive advantage and increased productivity and efficiency, the obvious examples being mobile or nomadic workers or field workers like sales and service occupations, but even for your typical office worker who is "day extending" by handling email or checking on their project task list. Obviously, email is quite mobilized by the native apps, but having mobile collaboration capabilities or mobile workflows for managers can ease the friction between the work-and-home-life balance and allow your employees to do a little bit more throughout the day. And generally, for all users, mobile provides a competitive advantage, regardless of the target. The use and the availability of detailed application instrumentation and analytics that at least savvy mobile developers incorporate into their apps provide very valuable usage and customer data that when mined can be used to prioritize new features in the app, new products, find pain points the customers are experiencing, [and] just provide information that you wouldn't have had otherwise. View All Videos Christian Stafford asks: What are some great examples of companies that have really taken advantage of everything that mobile has to offer? Join the Discussion Join the conversation 1 comment Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  [-] Christian Stafford - 21 Aug 2016 8:00 PM What are some great examples of companies that have really taken advantage of everything that mobile has to offer? Add My Comment Cancel   -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources Compliance Health IT Cloud Computing Mobile Computing Data Center SearchCompliance Mitigating insider threats remains a major cyber concern Expert panelists at the Cambridge Cyber Summit briefed the audience on some of the steps that organizations should implement for ... Lack of cybersecurity standards leaves election process vulnerable Hackers continue to exploit vulnerabilities in the U.S. political technology, highlighting the need for cybersecurity standards ... FAQ: What are the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield compliance requirements? In this SearchCompliance FAQ, learn details about how the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield data protection requirements strive to raise ... SearchHealthIT HIPAA-compliant cloud storage seen through my kid's data For many of us, viewing and downloading family medical records from the cloud brings a sense of what HIPAA protection involves. ... Methods for preventing hospital ransomware infections and cyberattacks As hackers continue to use more sophisticated tools to execute cyberattacks, there are six steps IT can take to prevent hospital ... Risk adjustment coding tech leads to $62 million in additional revenue With the help of risk adjustment coding tech, which utilizes natural language processing and big data, UPMC Health Plan was able ... SearchCloudComputing Prevent ransomware threats to cloud apps with backup, security tools As ransomware attacks become more sophisticated, cloud-based applications are at risk. Use continuous backup and educate end ... Explore Microsoft Azure automation options and tools Cloud admins can use a variety of tools and methods to automate Azure deployments. Decide whether runbooks, DSC or other ... Combat the latest cloud security challenges and risks Enterprises continue to put cloud security strategies at the top of their to-do lists. Learn the latest cloud security risks and ... SearchMobileComputing New SDK helps iOS developers get to the meat of SAP mobile apps Following the announcement of their partnership six months ago, Apple and SAP roll out preview versions of their SDK and tools to... Citrix ShareFile updates let businesses ditch paper processes Citrix will roll out a few ShareFile updates on its web app that allow users to request approvals and e-signatures on digital ... Key factors to consider when making an EMM software purchase Enterprises must look at many organizational factors when purchasing EMM software. Learn the most important decision points in ... SearchDataCenter OpenStack enterprise adoption still awaits full embrace OpenStack in the enterprise is more likely to see continued adoption via vendor distributions and managed services, not the raw ... Navigate recent changes to data center networking architecture Thanks to hybrid cloud and containers, data center networks are tougher to crack than ever. But IT can succeed if it follows a ... Evolve IT budget planning for software-defined infrastructure During IT budget planning for a software-defined data center, maximize value by accounting for predictable demand spikes, and ... About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors Reprints Archive Site Map Answers E-Products Events Features Guides Opinions Photo Stories Quizzes Tips Tutorials Videos All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2007 - 2016, TechTarget Close
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Crews adorn Esther Short tree with 11,000 bulbs for Friday ceremony Police investigate body found along Columbia River in Vancouver Deputies investigate strong-arm robbery in Hazel Dell parking lot Sheriff’s Office: Woman rescued from fire, arrested for arson Two arrested following Hazel Dell armed robbery Woman’s engagement ring stolen at Macy’s Black Lives Matter meet, discuss goals with schools Police Activities League gives holiday food baskets Portland man’s conviction overturned Man gets 20 years for kidnapping, assault David Madore buys Living Hope Church for $4.7M Madore Properties, an LLC owned by David Madore, has purchased Living Hope Church for $4,746,700. Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Twin Harbors beach to open for razor clams Spike elk hunters face longest odds Petersen blends in while building up UW RBs play key role in WSU’s Air Raid Porzingis, Rose help Knicks edge Blazers, 107-103 Skyview football team is turning early losses into postseason victories Mount Hood Meadows anticipates Friday opening Apple Cup ranks high East County Jets headed to Pop Warner National Championships Community scoreboard 11-21 Spike elk hunters face longest odds Most discriminating sportsmen in Eastern Washington come from the humble ranks of general tag holders Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Five Trump business ties that pose conflicts Keeping politics off Thanksgiving menu Singletary: Getting a grasp on mutual funds U.S. existing home sales climb to highest since early 2007 Dow passes 19,000 as drive continues Clark County adds jobs in October, labor market improves AT&T defends free data to skeptical regulators Pilot strike threatens Amazon’s routes Open house in Tacoma invites LNG conversation Clark College targets manufacturing, region’s needs Keeping politics off Thanksgiving menu CHICAGO — When Mary Mitchell gathers with family for Thanksgiving, she plans to enjoy cooking with her sister a satisfying… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Sidewalk a stumbling point in Vancouver ‘To die at home’ isn’t as simple as it may sound Everybody Has A Story: Thanksgiving meal prep a family affair, wonderful memory James Corden to host 59th Grammy Awards The cranberry sauce upgrades: Figs, and a swig I wasn’t bowled over by soup for the holiday — until now Give an ethnic seasoning to your Thanksgiving side dishes Herby biscuits with a pedigree I can relate to A mixed-up salad that fits our feast Salted Caramel Sauce an easy treat ‘To die at home’ isn’t as simple as it may sound The blessings and curses of families are not limited to holiday gatherings, graduations, weddings and funerals. They also exist at… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Homelessness Hinders Cepeda: Minority writers have more to say than diversity tales Letter: Trump destined for disaster Letter: America hired an amateur Letter: Trump resistance will persist Letter: Homeless are punished enough Letter: No right to riot Letter: Republicans should live up to word In Our View: Dissent Is U.S. Tradition Sowell: Non-thinking progressives preoccupied with the past Editorial Cartoons, Nov. 20-26 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Sidewalk a stumbling point in Vancouver Everybody Has A Story: Thanksgiving meal prep a family affair, wonderful memory Applause Tell us about your extravagant Christmas lights, decorations You Can Help Ridgefield students celebrate Veterans Day Hathaway Elementary School looks to limit absences Local Daughters celebrate 70th anniversary Harvest of Month brings hummus to school Students dance for Parents Together Organization Green Meadows residents worry about annexation Art Stubbs is resigned to becoming a resident of Vancouver. But the idea still worries him. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Employers expected at job-fair for laid off tech workers By The Oregonian Published: August 22, 2016, 4:36 PM A   A Beaverton, Ore. — Organizers expect three-dozen employers and more than 200 potential employees. It’s open to laid-off Intel and Jive Software employees and other tech professionals and contractors. The job fair is 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. Wednesday at Portland Community College’s Willow Creek Center, 241 Southwest Edgeway Drive in Beaverton. Companies attending the job fair include big Washington County employers — Salesforce, SolarWorld, Laika and Qorvo among them — along with downtown tech businesses Tripwire, Puppet and Jama Software, among others. Intel is the state’s largest private employer and its restructuring has put a damper on growth in the Silicon Forest. Register in advance, online at http://bit.ly/2bqXEI0.   Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2016 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
null
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Health People Food Beaches Puzzles Family Fashion Home & Garden Travel Best of OC Pets Halloween Bear Mountain announces opening for snowboarders, skiers Impressed by elaborate holiday displays at local malls? This Santa Ana company is the reason Court: Sex offender accused of killing 4 women provided details to Anaheim cop Huntington Beach man dies after mobile-home fire Rams experimenting with players in different spots Lakers podcast: Comparing Brandon Ingram to a young Kevin Durant Lakers' Nick Young makes game-winner to secure 111-109 win over Thunder Ducks fall to Islanders in longest shootout in franchise history Tarek El Moussa of TV's 'Flip or flop' joins luxury O.C. real estate firm Orange County shopping: Your guide to holiday hours, parking tips and more Retailers prepare for the Black Friday rush Court: When real estate agents are with the same firm, both must act in interest of buyer and seller Bubbly ABBA tunes buoy 'Mamma Mia!' in Costa Mesa How skaters rehearse for the Christmas ice show at Knott's Berry Farm Leonard Cohen and the unlikely standard 'Hallelujah' 'Moana' will set your imagination soaring Top news Life Egg, embryo freezing offer fertility choices in a changing world Aug. 22, 2016 Updated Aug. 30, 2016 2:39 p.m. 1 of 1 The American Society for Reproductive Medicine removed the “experimental” label from egg freezing in 2012. The number of elective procedures has jumped from just under 500 in 2009 to nearly 4,000 in 2013. , SHUTTERSTOCK.COM The American Society for Reproductive Medicine removed the “experimental” label from egg freezing in 2012. The number of elective procedures has jumped from just under 500 in 2009 to nearly 4,000 in 2013. , SHUTTERSTOCK.COM By TANYA WARD GOODMAN / CONTRIBUTING WRITER Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF The night before her double mastectomy, Melinda (who asked us not to reveal her name) had six embryos removed from her uterus and placed in deep freeze. A diagnosis of breast cancer coupled with the gene mutation known as BRCA1 had rearranged the geography of her life, and she was only in her early 30s. Working quickly to preserve her fertility gave her “a sense of having control over the situation,” she said. Cryogenic storage of embryos has been possible since 1986 and is often used in cases like Melinda’s, in which, due to illness, injury or elective sexual reassignment, a naturally occurring conception is unlikely. The multicelled embryo often has a better chance of surviving the freezing process than an egg, according to Dr. Jane Frederick of HRC Fertility Clinic in Newport Beach. A second option Julie (last name withheld) was happily married and unable to get pregnant. A devout Christian, she was uncertain about in vitro fertilization. “It felt like playing God,” she said. Her pastor offered reassurance, telling her, “If you break your leg, you get it fixed.” Julie went through two rounds of IVF, which involved several weeks of self-administered hormone injections followed by surgical egg removal and intra-cytoplasmic sperm injection fertilization, a process in which the sperm is placed directly into the egg. She and her husband wound up with five embryos, implanted two and became pregnant with their daughter. The remaining three embryos were frozen. “At 28,” Julie said, “I thought it was God’s will that I didn’t have children. I thought that searching for answers and trying to make it work wasn’t OK. But now, I think God gives us science, and it’s there to help.” “Education for women is paramount,” said Dr. Lawrence B. Werlin of Coastal Fertility Clinic in Irvine. “Once women have information about what’s going on with their eggs, their bodies, they can make decisions about what’s going on with their lives.” Actress Jennifer Frappier’s boyfriend suddenly turned out to be “so not the person” of her dreams. “I was turning 35 and my life was not where I thought it would be,” Frappier said. Friends were married and having children, while she was starting from scratch. She read everything about egg freezing she could find. She worried about the expense and about being “baby crazy,” but ultimately, she concluded, “If I don’t do this, I’ll be sad.” The preservation boom Frappier is not alone. The American Society for Reproductive Medicine removed the “experimental” label from egg freezing in 2012. The number of elective procedures has jumped from just under 500 in 2009 to nearly 4,000 in 2013. Freezing eggs as fertility insurance has been quickly embraced by companies such as EggBanxx, whose slogan is “Smart women freeze.” It offers “Let’s Chill” parties in large cities, serving information, encouragement and cocktails. Facebook, Intel and Google offer elective egg freezing as an employee benefit and, as of January, active-duty members of the military have qualified for egg and sperm preservation. Coastal Fertility has seen an uptick in fertility preservation requests and in attendance at quarterly egg-freezing informational meetings. Women are born with all their eggs, Werlin said. “With age, the genetic material breaks down and becomes less viable.” According to Frederick, eggs are most viable between ages 25 and 35. She recommends freezing up to 30 eggs. “The egg is a very fragile single cell,” she said. “It’s mostly made of water. In order to preserve the cell, we use a rapid-freezing sequence known as vitrification.” With this process, Frederick said, about 90 percent of the eggs survive the thaw and about 25 percent result in a pregnancy. A high price for future babies Getting to deep freeze was the end of a long journey for Frappier. “I was solo at the fertility clinic,” she said. She decided to film the process in order to share her story with other women going through a similar experience. The ordeal of twice-daily hormone shots was difficult but also empowering. “Once I gave myself the first shot, I felt so euphoric. It’s my dream; I’m going to assume the right to pursue it.” The right to pursue the dream does not guarantee the funding for the pursuit, however. While insurance companies may cover fertility treatments, coverage for elective fertility preservation is nearly nonexistent. Frappier estimates that the whole thing cost nearly $14,000, plus $365 per year for egg storage. Clinics and companies such as EggBanxx offer financing options. She lauded Apple and Facebook for setting a new standard for employee benefits and hopes this will encourage women to lobby other companies to cover egg and embryo freezing. Viability and other concerns Money is not the only delicate subject in this discussion. Decisions must be made about the disposal of unused eggs and embryos and those that don’t survive the thaw. Once cancer patient Melinda made it through chemotherapy and recovered from her surgery, she and her husband tried to get pregnant naturally. Eventually, they turned to the embryos, only to find that three of the five weren’t viable. She describes how Bon Jovi’s “Livin’ on a Prayer” was playing in the procedure room when they were being implanted. “We started to laugh and cry at the same time. That song will never be the same for us,” she said. The embryos didn’t survive. For Julie and her husband, the outcome was different but equally emotional. “The embryos were babies to me,” she said. “It was very important that we used them.” Of their three remaining embryos, two were intact and able to be implanted. She was happy to have so few embryos because the idea of donating them to another couple – one outcome for unused embryos – was hard. “I prayed about it,” she said. “It would have felt weird to ship those kids all over the country, but I would have. Everyone will do what they will do. It’s so personal.” About 2 percent of Frederick’s patients have donated embryos to other couples. She wishes it were more, but she doesn’t see the embryos as children. “The tissue in my lab is not viable until I put it back in someone’s uterus,” she said. “It’s a possibility, but not a life.” For now, Frappier is holding on to what her mother refers to as “frozen grandbabies.” Raised without a father, she worries that being an African American single mother will make her “another statistic,” but she knows her story is different. Her documentary short, “Chill,” screened in June. “I originally thought it would end with a baby, but for now, it’s ending with my decision to be a mom. That’s me moving toward something, and it’s the movement that counts.” Melinda, too, has continued her forward momentum. She now has two daughters. “I used donor eggs,” she said, “and donor milk. I outsourced my whole pregnancy. My world expanded because of the way I had my children. This is our story.” Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular Huntington Beach man dies after mobile-home fire Teen in coma after getting hit by metal object through car's windshield on 57 freeway Police officer, wife die in possible murder-suicide in Long Beach Gas station employee stabbed in Anaheim, two suspects in custody Judge denies Muslim women's request to drop trespassing claim in Urth Caffe lawsuit User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. Bear Mountain announces opening for snowboarders, skiers Impressed by elaborate holiday displays at local malls? This Santa Ana company is the reason Court: Sex offender accused of killing 4 women provided details to Anaheim cop Huntington Beach man dies after mobile-home fire Rams experimenting with players in different spots Lakers podcast: Comparing Brandon Ingram to a young Kevin Durant Lakers' Nick Young makes game-winner to secure 111-109 win over Thunder Ducks fall to Islanders in longest shootout in franchise history Tarek El Moussa of TV's 'Flip or flop' joins luxury O.C. real estate firm Orange County shopping: Your guide to holiday hours, parking tips and more Retailers prepare for the Black Friday rush Court: When real estate agents are with the same firm, both must act in interest of buyer and seller Bubbly ABBA tunes buoy 'Mamma Mia!' in Costa Mesa How skaters rehearse for the Christmas ice show at Knott's Berry Farm Leonard Cohen and the unlikely standard 'Hallelujah' 'Moana' will set your imagination soaring Top news Education » Tustin teachers get 3 percent raise; third straight year for increases Fullerton woman named a Rhodes Scholar for Class of 2017 Trump's election creates anxiety around the world, UCI experts say BUSINESS » Tarek El Moussa of TV's 'Flip or flop' joins luxury O.C. real estate firm Orange County shopping: Your guide to holiday hours, parking tips and more Retailers prepare for the Black Friday rush O.C. Watchdog » Court criticizes O.C. District Attorney's Office, keeps it off case of Seal Beach mass killing O.C. grand jury gets 2 lawyers to help investigate jailhouse informant misuse Sheriff wants to keep jailhouse informant notes secret Health Care » Newport Beach doctor who faked own death pleads guilty to fleeing CSUF aims to strengthen its off-campus biotechnology presence Nurse who ran Laguna Niguel day spa agrees to guilty plea to injecting Botox not approved for use in the U.S. ENTERTAINMENT » Bubbly ABBA tunes buoy 'Mamma Mia!' in Costa Mesa How skaters rehearse for the Christmas ice show at Knott's Berry Farm Leonard Cohen and the unlikely standard 'Hallelujah' Food » 16 best food, drinks to try at Disney California Adventure's new Festival of Holidays Popular Little Saigon restaurant, Brodard, to relocate to Fountain Valley Retail-restaurant roundup: 2 new eateries at Pacific City; Wholesome Choice in Laguna Niguel closes, Weekend Max Mara debuts at South Coast Plaza TELEVISION » Tarek El Moussa of TV's 'Flip or flop' joins luxury O.C. real estate firm Heather Dubrow says 'Housewives' reunions are 'brutal' Robert Vaughn, suave 'Man from U.NCL.E.' star, dies at 83 Special Sections » OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 100 Top Workplaces 2015 Featured Multimedia VIDEO & SLIDESHOW » VIDEO: See how Disneyland installs the holiday version of 'It's a Small World' CARTOONS » Cartoons: Protest art SLIDESHOW & VIDEO » How skaters rehearse for the Christmas ice show at Knott's Berry Farm MANNERS GUIDE » Here's the right way to set the table for your holiday meals FANTASTIC BEASTS » Focus: Where to find interesting beasts in Southern California CALIFORNIA GEOGRAPHY » Focus: Test your knowledge of California geography Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2016 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
Demonetisation News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Demonetisation News How technology is changing business Plain Facts Home » Companies Last Modified: Tue, Aug 23 2016. 02 26 AM IST HarbourVest’s Jaganath Swamy joins health wearable start-up Swamy, who led lndia, SE Asia investments for HarbourVest, has joined as CEO at wellness start-up Good Parents Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Swaraj Singh DhanjalShrija Agrawal Jaganath Swamy, vice-president at HarbourVest Partners, a global private equity fund of funds with over $50 billion in assets under management, has left the firm. Swamy, who led lndia and South-East Asia investments for HarbourVest, has joined as the chief executive of Good Parents Inc., a health and wellness start-up operating out of San Francisco and Hong Kong. “Good Parents is focused on enhancing child development and growth via building an ecosystem around engaging parents, health insurance companies, corporate benefit programmes and schools,” Swamy said in an interview from Hong Kong. “Our first product is the Kiddo, the world’s first health and wellness wearable focused on young kids (3-10 years). The Kiddo tracks key biometrics of children and provides health, well-being, stress and development insights in real time via an app,” said Swamy. Good Parents was co-founded in late 2015 by Swamy, along with Jean Rintoul and Bo Vargas. Rintoul was one of the founding members of Basis, the wearable technology company which was acquired by Intel Corp. for over $100 million in 2014, where she worked on algorithms and hardware for the Basis B1 and co-authored several patents. Vargas was the founding chief technology officer of Quanttus, the blood pressure tracking company which came out of Massachusetts Institute of Technology and was invested in by Khosla Ventures and Matrix Partners. Good Parents currently has eight employees in the Bay Area and three in Hong Kong. It has raised $2 million till date in seed funding from Jayesh Parekh and Prem Kumar of Jungle Ventures, Fireside Ventures (Kanwaljit Singh, ex-Helion Ventures), Biosensors International Ltd, Alto Partners and several marque angels across Asia and the US. It has also partnered with Samsung and key advisers at the Health and Food Institute of the University of California, Davis, for enhancing product functionality. The company is now looking to expand its operations in India and is exploring setting up an operations back-office, potential manufacturing capacity and distribution tie-ups in India. The healthcare wearable market is expected to grow exponentially over the next few years. According to an April report from research firm Tractica, worldwide shipments for healthcare wearables will increase from 2.5 million in 2016 to 97.6 million units annually by 2021. By the end of that period, Tractica forecasts that the global healthcare wearables market will account for $17.8 billion in yearly revenue. “The market for healthcare wearables is very much in its infancy, though there is a considerable amount of activity across the healthcare value chain,” said Aditya Kaul, research director at Tractica. Swamy’s is the latest high-profile exit in the PE industry in Asia. Last year, Anand Prasanna, head of Asia for Morgan Creek, left to start an India-focused venture fund called Iron Pillar, along with Mohanjit Jolly of Draper Fisher Juvertson and Sameer Nath of Citibank. Iron Pillar is currently raising $150 million and has also closed several early deals. Prior to this, Menka Sajnani of Auda Private Equity LLC left to join Google in Singapore and has now moved to Jungle Ventures. HarbourVest has more than 280 employees, including 80 investment professionals, deployed in Asia, Europe, Latin America and the US. The team has committed more than $25 billion to newly-formed funds, completed over $11 billion in secondary purchases, and invested $4 billion directly in operating companies. Swaraj Singh DhanjalShrija Agrawal Topics: Jaganath SwamyGood Parents Incstart-upsHarbouVestwearables More from this Section Alpha Corp. plans Mumbai entry with up to Rs2,000 crore investment Shapoorji Pallonji to buy 100 acres land in affordable housing push Airlines brace for demonetisation headwinds by advancing flash sales GVK Airport in talks to raise $200 million to refinance loans Endura Mass maker Medinn Belle in talks with PE funds to sell 40% stake Editor's Picks New income tax rules to curb unaccounted cash The richest 1% of Indians now own 58.4% of wealth Reliance Jio fails to hit subscriber base of Airtel, Idea, Vodafone: analysts Tracking demonetisation: Our reading list India may gain from Donald Trump’s TPP pullout threat First Published: Tue, Aug 23 2016. 12 51 AM IST Latest News Alpha Corp. plans Mumbai entry with up to Rs2,000 crore investment NITI Aayog calls for targeted power subsidy, privatization of all discoms Maximum e-wallet transactions in 25-35 age group: data Editor's Picks New income tax rules to curb unaccounted cash The richest 1% of Indians now own 58.4% of wealth Reliance Jio fails to hit subscriber base of Airtel, Idea, Vodafone: analysts Latest News NITI Aayog calls for targeted power subsidy, privatization of all discoms Maximum e-wallet transactions in 25-35 age group: data Globalization is alive and well Rupee volatility Final norms for insolvency professionals Mint On Sunday The dilemma of Draupadī’s disrobing The prodigals return to Neroca US elections: How slogans can make or break a candidate Now, the crowd can bankroll your research How to maximize judicial time Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Facebook and Microsoft may offer equal pay, but women in tech st - WFXG FOX 54 Augusta - Your News One Hour Earlier Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME News & Weather Apps NEWS Local News Georgia News South Carolina News National News Crime News Education News Military News Health News Tech Elections WEATHER Hurricane season 2016 Weather and disaster coverage Interactive Radar Weather Alerts Georgia River Levels from NWS Pollen Count SPORTS 2016 Paralympic Games SEC Coverage ACC Digital Network ACC Video Vault Entertainment CSRA Entertainment Entertainment News Video Right This Minute Video Most Popular Videos TV WFXG TV Listings FOX On Demand TMZ Children's Television Programming Reports Community For Our Children High 5 4 Kids 2 Strong 4 Bullies Community Calendar Angel Tree Contests Hardee's Tailgate Takeout Southern Siding Home Makeover Watch, Text, and Win with Family Feud ABOUT US Contact Us WFXG-TV transmitter upgrade News Team Meet Our Staff Closed Captioning Concerns EEO Public File FCC Public Inspection Files Digital Sales Jobs at WFXG Advertise With Us Select a Topic: Personal Finance Business Small Business Money home Facebook and Microsoft may offer equal pay, but women in tech still earn less 2016-04-13T20:49:04Z © BananaStock / Thinkstock From Digital TrendsMore>> The Trump effect? Apple considers manufacturing iPhones in the U.S. The Trump effect? Apple considers manufacturing iPhones in the U.S. Restoring thousands of manufacturing jobs to the United States’ struggling Rust Belt communities was one of President-Elect Donald Trump’s biggest campaign promises, and at least one major technology company is considering following through.  More >> Restoring thousands of manufacturing jobs to the United States’ struggling Rust Belt communities was one of President-Elect Donald Trump’s biggest campaign promises, and at least one major technology company is considering following through. More >> Chrysler and Cummins are latest companies accused of emissions cheating Chrysler and Cummins are latest companies accused of emissions cheating Chrysler and engine supplier Cummins were named in a class-action lawsuit alleging the two companies conspired to hide excess emissions from diesel pickup trucks built between 2007 and 2012. More >> Chrysler and engine supplier Cummins were named in a class-action lawsuit alleging the two companies conspired to hide excess emissions from diesel pickup trucks built between 2007 and 2012.More >> China to Trump: Don’t be ‘naive,’ or iPhone sales could suffer China to Trump: Don’t be ‘naive,’ or iPhone sales could suffer China is taking a stance against Trump. In a piece published Monday by the state-run Global Times, the newspaper said that the incoming U.S. president would be "naive" to engage in a trade war with China. More >> China is taking a stance against Trump. In a piece published Monday by the state-run Global Times, the newspaper said that the incoming U.S. president would be "naive" to engage in a trade war with China.More >> A wannabe weatherman allegedly started a wildfire to boost Facebook views A wannabe weatherman allegedly started a wildfire to boost Facebook views A wannabe weatherman in Kentucky is alleged to have started a wildfire so he could report on it, apparently in the hope of driving more traffic to his Facebook page. He was recently arrested on a second-degree arson charge.More >> A wannabe weatherman in Kentucky is alleged to have started a wildfire so he could report on it, apparently in the hope of driving more traffic to his Facebook page. He was recently arrested on a second-degree arson charge.More >> A drone-delivered sausage could cost one Aussie guy $7,000 in fines A drone-delivered sausage could cost one Aussie guy $7,000 in fines A guy in Melbourne, Australia, may be hit with a hefty fine after he used a drone to deliver a cooked sausage to a friend. The nation's aviation agency came across a video of the stunt, and didn't much like the pilot's flying practices. More >> A guy in Melbourne, Australia, may be hit with a hefty fine after he used a drone to deliver a cooked sausage to a friend. The nation's aviation agency came across a video of the stunt, and didn't much like the pilot's flying practices.More >>    By Julian Chokkatu Provided by Facebook and Microsoft have come out and said they offer equal pay for their employees regardless of gender — but what about the rest of Silicon Valley? New data from a job recruiting startup doesn’t paint a promising picture for women in tech. Equal Pay Day began 20 years ago by the National Committee on Pay Equity, and while there has been acknowledgment and improvement of the gender disparity in Silicon Valley, the tech industry still has a long way to go. Women in tech make 3 percent less than men Job recruiting startup Hired released new data on its findings of equal pay in Silicon Valley, and found that companies on average offer women 3 percent less than men for the same roles — some offering as much as 30 percent less. These jobs aren’t only in tech-related fields, but also in sales and marketing. Related: Study suggests women’s computer code is preferred, only if their gender is unknown “Sixty-nine percent of the time, men receive higher salary offers than women for the same job title at the same company,” according to the data. Of course, larger companies are under greater scrutiny, and many of the big-names in tech do offer equal pay. Facebook and Microsoft disclosed information surrounding equal pay after facing pressure from an investment firm, Arjuna Capital. The firm filed a shareholder proposal in 2014 asking for nine companies, including Facebook and Microsoft, to release salary data, according to the Wall Street Journal. So far, Apple, Microsoft, Amazon, and Intel have disclosed pay data to the firm, and Expedia says it will in October. “We regularly review our compensation practices to ensure pay equity, and have done so for many years,” Facebook’s Head of Human Resources, Lori Goler, said in a Facebook post. “We complete thorough statistical analyses to compare the compensation of men and women performing similar work. I’m proud to share that at Facebook, men and women earn the same.” Google told Digital Trends that its People Analytics team analyzes performance, compensation and promotion to ensure that there is no gender pay gap at Google. “Since we set salaries based on the market rate of the job (rather than a person’s pre-Google salary), we find that, on average, women get larger pay increases than men when they join Google,” a spokesperson said. While Facebook, along with Google’s parent company, Alphabet, say they offer equal pay, both companies have not disclosed salary data to the firm yet, according to the Wall Street Journal. Women in the U.S. at Microsoft now earn 99.8 cents on the $1 earned by men at the same job title and level. And Microsoft went further and disclosed how much other ethnic minorities make compared to their Caucasian counterparts. “Racial and ethnic minorities in the U.S. combined earn $1.004 for every $1 earned by their Caucasian counterparts,” Microsoft’s Executive Vice President of Human Resources, Kathleen Hogan, said. “Breaking it down even further, African American/black employees are at $1.003; Hispanic/Latino(a) employees are at 99.9 cents; and Asian employees are at $1.006 for every $1 earned by Caucasian employees at the same job title and level, respectively.” It’s still mostly an all-boys club But offering equal pay is the easy part — what about the number of women who are actually working at these tech companies? Related: Vimeo to fund five female-directed films this year to help close gender gap The Menlo Park company provided an employee breakdown last May, which shows that only 16 percent of Facebook’s global tech workforce comprises of women with tech-related careers. Microsoft’s also only has a small group of women in its tech workforce — 16.9 percent, as opposed to the other 83 percent that are men. Based on its 2015 data, only 18 percent of Google’s tech jobs are held by females. And Apple is hardly any better — the Cupertino company’s tech workforce is 22 percent female, according to its 2015 data. One thing’s for sure — these industry leaders have realized the gender disparity in their workforce and have spoken out about it. “We believe in equality for everyone, regardless of race, age, gender, gender identity, ethnicity, religion, or sexual orientation,” Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a diversity report. “That applies throughout our company, around the world with no exceptions.” Related: Just because Ellen Pao isn’t appealing her lawsuit loss doesn’t mean the struggle for gender equality is over Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg has repeatedly mentioned the importance of a more diverse workplace, but also how more women will help teams perform better, according to CNN. “It’s this problem because it’s not even clear where you would start attacking it,” Zuckerberg said in a 2014 Q&A. “You need to start earlier in the funnel so that girls don’t self-select out of doing computer science education, but at the same time, one of the big reasons why today we have this issue is that there aren’t a lot of women in the field today.” That was in 2014 — and Facebook’s most recent data from less than a year ago only improved by 1 percent. While Google’s disclosure of diversity in its workplace in 2014 may have inspired a wave of companies like Apple and Facebook to follow suit, it’s equally important for these industry leaders to follow through with actions. Last year, companies like Google and Intel announced new initiatives to help create a more gender-balanced workplace. Google pledged $150 million and Intel created a $300 million fund for the next five years. We’ll have to see how these initiatives play out, but hopefully a higher awareness will have more companies hiring more women and other minorities in tech-related fields, while offering the equal pay for equal work. This article was originally posted on Digital Trends Content provided by INFORMATIONAL DISCLAIMER The information contained on or provided through this site is intended for general consumer understanding and education only and is not intended to be and is not a substitute for professional financial or accounting advice. Always seek the advice of your accountant or other qualified personal finance advisor for answers to any related questions you may have. Use of this site and any information contained on or provided through this site is at your own risk and any information contained on or provided through this site is provided on an "as is" basis without any representations or warranties. Can't Find Something? 3933 Washington Road Augusta, GA 30907 (706) 650-5400 FCC Public File publicfile@wfxg.com (706) 650-5400 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Samsung is investing $1.2 billion in the Internet of Things - WFXG FOX 54 Augusta - Your News One Hour Earlier Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME News & Weather Apps NEWS Local News Georgia News South Carolina News National News Crime News Education News Military News Health News Tech Elections WEATHER Hurricane season 2016 Weather and disaster coverage Interactive Radar Weather Alerts Georgia River Levels from NWS Pollen Count SPORTS 2016 Paralympic Games SEC Coverage ACC Digital Network ACC Video Vault Entertainment CSRA Entertainment Entertainment News Video Right This Minute Video Most Popular Videos TV WFXG TV Listings FOX On Demand TMZ Children's Television Programming Reports Community For Our Children High 5 4 Kids 2 Strong 4 Bullies Community Calendar Angel Tree Contests Hardee's Tailgate Takeout Southern Siding Home Makeover Watch, Text, and Win with Family Feud ABOUT US Contact Us WFXG-TV transmitter upgrade News Team Meet Our Staff Closed Captioning Concerns EEO Public File FCC Public Inspection Files Digital Sales Jobs at WFXG Advertise With Us Select a Topic: Personal Finance Business Small Business Money home Samsung is investing $1.2 billion in the Internet of Things 2016-06-23T13:00:16Z Image courtesy of Digital Trends From Digital TrendsMore>> The Trump effect? Apple considers manufacturing iPhones in the U.S. The Trump effect? Apple considers manufacturing iPhones in the U.S. Restoring thousands of manufacturing jobs to the United States’ struggling Rust Belt communities was one of President-Elect Donald Trump’s biggest campaign promises, and at least one major technology company is considering following through.  More >> Restoring thousands of manufacturing jobs to the United States’ struggling Rust Belt communities was one of President-Elect Donald Trump’s biggest campaign promises, and at least one major technology company is considering following through. More >> Chrysler and Cummins are latest companies accused of emissions cheating Chrysler and Cummins are latest companies accused of emissions cheating Chrysler and engine supplier Cummins were named in a class-action lawsuit alleging the two companies conspired to hide excess emissions from diesel pickup trucks built between 2007 and 2012. More >> Chrysler and engine supplier Cummins were named in a class-action lawsuit alleging the two companies conspired to hide excess emissions from diesel pickup trucks built between 2007 and 2012.More >> China to Trump: Don’t be ‘naive,’ or iPhone sales could suffer China to Trump: Don’t be ‘naive,’ or iPhone sales could suffer China is taking a stance against Trump. In a piece published Monday by the state-run Global Times, the newspaper said that the incoming U.S. president would be "naive" to engage in a trade war with China. More >> China is taking a stance against Trump. In a piece published Monday by the state-run Global Times, the newspaper said that the incoming U.S. president would be "naive" to engage in a trade war with China.More >> A wannabe weatherman allegedly started a wildfire to boost Facebook views A wannabe weatherman allegedly started a wildfire to boost Facebook views A wannabe weatherman in Kentucky is alleged to have started a wildfire so he could report on it, apparently in the hope of driving more traffic to his Facebook page. He was recently arrested on a second-degree arson charge.More >> A wannabe weatherman in Kentucky is alleged to have started a wildfire so he could report on it, apparently in the hope of driving more traffic to his Facebook page. He was recently arrested on a second-degree arson charge.More >> A drone-delivered sausage could cost one Aussie guy $7,000 in fines A drone-delivered sausage could cost one Aussie guy $7,000 in fines A guy in Melbourne, Australia, may be hit with a hefty fine after he used a drone to deliver a cooked sausage to a friend. The nation's aviation agency came across a video of the stunt, and didn't much like the pilot's flying practices. More >> A guy in Melbourne, Australia, may be hit with a hefty fine after he used a drone to deliver a cooked sausage to a friend. The nation's aviation agency came across a video of the stunt, and didn't much like the pilot's flying practices.More >>    By Cristian de Looper Provided by Samsung has been a leader in the internet of things space for some time now, but it looks like the company is set to get even more serious about the space — so much so that it’s going to invest a whopping $1.2 billion in the U.S. over the next four years on research and development into connecting everyday devices. According to Samsung, that $1.2 billion will be split evenly between internal research and development, and investing in related startups, proving that Samsung is becoming increasingly partner-friendly. Related: Samsung’s first foldable phone, the Galaxy X, could launch in 2017 Of course, Samsung isn’t new to the internet of things, however its new efforts are an attempt to compete with the likes of Qualcomm and Intel, and will see Samsung creating chips that can be used by other manufacturers in the creation of their own internet of things devices. “At Samsung, putting people at the center of everything we do is our highest value,” said Samsung vice chairman and CEO Oh-Hyun Kwon in a statement. “The same must be true for IoT if we want to realize its full transformative power. Today, IoT is changing individual lives — helping people to age in their own homes. But tomorrow, using IoT, we can give the same independence to millions of Americans.” The $600 million in internal investment will go straight to two of Samsung’s research centers, which are located in the Silicon Valley area. That money will be focused squarely on developing technology to power internet of things devices. For example, it will create chips for other companies to use — a business that Samsung has rather vigorously pursued in the past few years, now sitting as the second largest chip-maker in the world. Just last year the company announced a new series of processors, called the Artik series, which was developed specifically for low-powered internet of things devices. It will certainly be interesting to see what Samsung comes up with over the next few years, especially considering the rate of growth of the internet of things market. This article was originally posted on Digital Trends Content provided by INFORMATIONAL DISCLAIMER The information contained on or provided through this site is intended for general consumer understanding and education only and is not intended to be and is not a substitute for professional financial or accounting advice. Always seek the advice of your accountant or other qualified personal finance advisor for answers to any related questions you may have. Use of this site and any information contained on or provided through this site is at your own risk and any information contained on or provided through this site is provided on an "as is" basis without any representations or warranties. Can't Find Something? 3933 Washington Road Augusta, GA 30907 (706) 650-5400 FCC Public File publicfile@wfxg.com (706) 650-5400 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
null
Difference between revisions of "WeeklyUpdates/2016-08-22" From MozillaWiki < WeeklyUpdates Jump to: navigation, search Revision as of 10:01, 22 August 2016 (view source) Miketaylr (Talk | contribs) m (→‎Platform: exciting!) ← Older edit Latest revision as of 10:04, 22 August 2016 (view source) Havi (Talk | contribs)   Line 18: Line 18:   * Thanks to Eduardo Boucas for ensuring that all JavaScript reference pages have a "Return value" section. Consistency like this help readers have high confidence in the quality of information on MDN. Eduardo wrote a [https://eduardoboucas.com/blog/2016/08/17/mdn.html blog post about his experience].   * Thanks to Eduardo Boucas for ensuring that all JavaScript reference pages have a "Return value" section. Consistency like this help readers have high confidence in the quality of information on MDN. Eduardo wrote a [https://eduardoboucas.com/blog/2016/08/17/mdn.html blog post about his experience].   * Thanks to Tim Murray for having a thoughtful conversation throughout the comments in the branding design post, being a model for designing at scale in the open.   * Thanks to Tim Murray for having a thoughtful conversation throughout the comments in the branding design post, being a model for designing at scale in the open.   + * Thanks to all the Mozilla Tech Speakers traveling this week to South Africa, Iceland, Brazil, Rome, Kuala Lumpur, and India to give talks, workshops and represent. Safe travels!       == Upcoming Events ==   == Upcoming Events == Latest revision as of 10:04, 22 August 2016 « previous week | index | next week » Every Monday @ 11:00am Pacific Time (19:00 UTC) http://air.mozilla.org/ to watch and listen join irc.mozilla.org #airmozilla for backchannel discussion Presenters only: Vidyo room "Brownbags". Do not use this room if you're not planning to speak. Dial-in: conference# 8600 People with Mozilla phones or softphones please dial x92 Conf# 8600 US/Toll-free: +1 800 707 2533, (pin 369) Conf# 8600 (max 48 users at any time) US/California/Mountain View: +1 650 903 0800, x92 Conf# 8600 US/California/San Francisco: +1 415 762 5700, x92 Conf# 8600 US/Oregon/Portland: +1 971 544 8000, x92 Conf# 8600 CA/British Columbia/Vancouver: +1 778 785 1540, x92 Conf# 8600 CA/Ontario/Toronto: +1 416 848 3114, x92 Conf# 8600 UK/London: +44 (0)207 855 3000, x92 Conf# 8600 FR/Paris: +33 1 84 88 37 37, x92 Conf# 8600 sip:conf8600@mozilla.com or, for some clients, sip:conf8600@anonsip.scl3.mozilla.com (may not work for all rooms) Gmail Chat (requires Flash and the Google Talk plugin): paste +1 650 903 0800 into the Gmail Chat box that doesn't look like it accepts phone numbers SkypeOut is free if you use the 800 number If you plan on presenting, please join the Vidyo BrownBags 20 minutes prior to the start of the meeting and announce to the A/V Technicians that you will be speaking so that they can confirm your Audio and Video. Contents 1 All-hands Status Meeting Agenda 1.1 Friends of Mozilla 1.2 Upcoming Events 1.2.1 This Week 1.2.2 Monday, 22 August 1.2.3 Tuesday, 23 August 1.2.4 Wednesday, 24 August 1.2.5 Thursday, 25 August 1.2.6 Friday, 26 August 1.2.7 Saturday, 27 August 1.2.8 Sunday, 28 August 1.2.9 Next Week 1.3 Speakers 2 Welcome! 2.1 Introducing New Volunteers 2.2 Introducing New Hires 2.3 Introducing New Interns 3 Fireside Chat 3.1 This Week 3.2 Topics 4 <meta> 4.1 Status Updates By Team (*non-voice* updates) 4.1.1 Firefox 4.1.2 Platform 4.1.3 Messaging 4.1.4 Mobile 4.1.5 IT 4.1.6 Connected Devices 4.1.7 Participation 4.1.8 Release Engineering 4.1.9 QA 4.1.9.1 Test Execution 4.1.9.2 Web QA 4.1.9.3 QA Community 4.1.10 Engineering Productivity (Automation & Tools) 4.1.11 Security 4.1.12 Engagement 4.1.12.1 PR 4.1.12.2 Events 4.1.12.3 Social Support All-hands Status Meeting Agenda Items in this section will be shared during the live all-hand status meeting. Friends of Mozilla Thanks to Julien, a.k.a. Sphinx, for completing translation of the CSS reference pages on MDN into French. MDN/fr now has 100% of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript reference pages. Thanks to Eduardo Boucas for ensuring that all JavaScript reference pages have a "Return value" section. Consistency like this help readers have high confidence in the quality of information on MDN. Eduardo wrote a blog post about his experience. Thanks to Tim Murray for having a thoughtful conversation throughout the comments in the branding design post, being a model for designing at scale in the open. Thanks to all the Mozilla Tech Speakers traveling this week to South Africa, Iceland, Brazil, Rome, Kuala Lumpur, and India to give talks, workshops and represent. Safe travels! Upcoming Events This Week Monday, 22 August Weekly Bug Triage Day Tuesday, 23 August Wednesday, 24 August Weekly Bug Verification Day Homebrew Website Club Meetup (every other Wednesday — fortnightly) Be a part of the open web with your own website. Brighton ENGLAND, London ENGLAND, Los Angeles, Portland (OR), San Francisco (at GoDaddy SF this week!), and Bellingham, WA 17:30-18:30 Quiet Writing Hour, finish that blog post, wiki edit, etc.! 18:30-19:30 IndieWeb meetup, demos, & hack night Create or update your personal web site! Share what you've gotten working, ask the experts questions. Join a community with like-minded interests. Bring friends that want a personal site! Any questions? See the wiki page for details or join IRC: http://indieweb.org/irc/today?beta#bottom Thursday, 25 August JSConf Iceland is happening in Reykjavík, Iceland August 25th and 26th. We have Lin Clark and Dan Callahan speaking, as well as Flaki and Andrzej Mazur also running a progressive web apps workshop React Rally is happening also in Salt Lake City UT August 25th and 26th with James Long and Kate Hudson both speaking Friday, 26 August BrazilJS 2016 is happening in Porto Alegre again. Mozilla will have a major presence with a booth showcasing our web games and webVR tech at this 1,600 expected attendees conference. Many of our Participation team and local Mozillian contributors will be onsite to demo and talk to attendees. Mike Taylor and Helen Holmes will be speaking on the main stage Also, Mike Taylor with our TechSpeakers team will run a half day browser compatibility workshop for conference attendees Saturday, 27 August IndieWebCamp NYC2 in New York City. A two-day maker event for creating and/or improving your personal website, including federated events, RSVPs, comments, likes etc. All levels welcome! Day 1: Introductions, Discussions, Brainstorming Sunday, 28 August IndieWebCamp NYC2 in New York City (continued) Day 2: Hack/Dev/Design/Code Day. Next Week Thurs September 1 @ Moz PDX: Being Human in a Data-Filled World with Genevieve Bell, Intel In May, Kevin Kelly shared the possibilities that technology will offer us over the next 30 years. Not addressed were some of the unintended consequences of this progress. Facebook Live, Snapchat and Pokemon Go provide a few examples of how tech is outpacing our ability to socially (and legally) master it. Innovation unchecked can pose serious challenges to our very humanity. Best practices for user research and focusing on specific use cases have limited impact on our ability to shape the future we want. Join us in Portland and on AirMo for our Augtember speaker as we explore how to proactively preserve our humanity in a world that is increasingly digital. Specifically, we’ll learn about five things that don’t change and five things that do, and how paying close attention to them will help us be successful. More details on the event and speaker at the Speaker Series wiki. Speakers The limit is 3 minutes per topic. It's like a lightning talk, but don't feel that you have to have slides in order to make a presentation. If you plan on showing a video, you need to contact the Air Mozilla team before the day of the meeting or you will be deferred to the next week. The meeting is streamed in a 4:3 format in order to allow for split screen. If your slides are 16:9 "widescreen" format, please indicate in the "Sharing" column below. Presenter Title Topic Location Sharing Media More Details Brian King Participation Team Activate Mozilla Campaign Community Space Slovenia No https://activate.mozilla.community Blog Post Mike Taylor Platform Team 5 Platform Updates (you won't believe what happens next) Vidyo (remote) No - just click on my link! Platform Updates Really Important Media Platform Updates John Gruen Firefox Team Test Pilot Update Remote No N/A https://wiki.mozilla.org/Test_Pilot Tim Murray + Janis Greenspan Marketing Team Mozilla Brand Identity Concepts--Call for input San Francisco Commons Yes https://docs.google.com/a/mozilla.com/presentation/d/1aJwIitBPWZxw6AgTQUoiPLgQeR8qDpt1Kl2sIinSGC8/edit?usp=sharing https://blog.mozilla.org/opendesign/ Potch View Source Berlin MC! View Source Berlin has some great speakers lined up, especially our keynotes Hadley Beeman and Robert Nyman MTV No Share the event with this special ticket purchase link: https://ti.to/mdn/view-source-berlin-2016/discount/MOZILLA Visit viewsourceconf.org and tweet @viewsourceconf Asa Dotzler Firefox Firefox Update MTV No No Welcome! Let's say hello to some new Mozillians! If you are not able to join the meeting live, you can add a link to a short video introducing yourself. Introducing New Volunteers New Volunteer Introduced by Speaker location New Volunteer location Will be working on Who is the new volunteer? Who will be introducing that person? Where is the introducer? Where will the new person be contributing from? What will the new person be working on? Introducing New Hires New Hire Introduced by Speaker location New Hire location Will be working on Who is the new hire? Who will be introducing that person? Where is the introducer? Where will the new person be working from? What will the new person be working on? Introducing New Interns New Intern Introduced by Speaker location New Hire location Will be working on Who is the new intern? Who will be introducing that person? Where is the introducer? Where will the new person be working from? What will the new person be working on? Fireside Chat A chance to hear from leadership at Mozilla, and have a short Q&A about a specific topic. This Week Denelle Dixon-Thayer and Chris Riley, Policy at Mozilla Topics Powerful forces shape global laws and regulations that affect the Internet, and Mozilla policy is engaging in the trenches on topics like copyright reform and net neutrality. Come chat with us about priority issues, and hear about our upcoming big projects. Submit your questions in advance on the Moderator page or live during the meeting on IRC at #airmozilla <meta> Notes and non-voice status updates that aren't part of the live meeting go here. Status Updates By Team (*non-voice* updates) Firefox Platform 5 Platform Updates, exciting! 1) [Fx50] addEventListener once option: Bug 1287706 document.addEventListener('click', lolback, {once: true}) 2) [Fx51, non-release builds] WebVR 1.0 API implementation in Nightly. Bug 1250244 3) [Fx51] IndexedDB v2 Bug 1271497 4) [in progress!] ServiceWorker BackgroundSync: Bug 1217544 5) [Fx49] Expose hi-perf metrics for the Web Animation API: Bug 1254408, Bug 1196114 Check out this sweet article if you don't know what the Web Animation API is. Messaging Mobile IT Connected Devices [READ ONLY] Check out what CD is working on every week in the CD Weekly Project Meeting! Every Thursdays @10:30am PST on AirMozilla Meeting notes here Starting next week, we'll be giving regular updates in this meeting on projects, product strategy, and new IOT learnings! Participation Release Engineering QA Test Execution Web QA QA Community Engineering Productivity (Automation & Tools) Security Engagement Engagement's Active Project Dashboard PR Events Social Support Retrieved from "https://wiki.mozilla.org/index.php?title=WeeklyUpdates/2016-08-22&oldid=1144932" Categories: Weekly Updates Meeting Notes Navigation menu Personal tools Log in Request account Namespaces Page Discussion Variants Views Read View source View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Product releases New pages Recent changes Recent uploads Popular pages Random page Help How to Contribute All-hands meeting Other meetings Contribute to Mozilla Mozilla Reps Student Ambassadors MozillaWiki News About Team Policies Releases @MozillaWiki Report a wiki bug Around Mozilla Mozilla Support Mozilla Developer Network Planet Mozilla Mozilla Blog Webmaker Research Tools What links here Related changes Special pages Printable version Permanent link Page information Import an Etherpad Browse properties This page was last modified on 22 August 2016, at 10:04. This page has been accessed 1,157 times. Privacy policy About MozillaWiki Mobile view
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Monmouth Ocean Data Universe Watchdog Opinion Sports Life Things To Do Dining Obituaries USA TODAY NETWORK Photo-Video Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Archives USA TODAY Classified Insider Member Guide Jobs Homes Cars More Home News Monmouth Ocean Data Universe Watchdog Opinion Sports Life Things To Do Dining Obituaries USA TODAY NETWORK Photo-Video Weather Archives USA TODAY Classified Insider Member Guide Jobs Homes Cars Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Search Follow Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest 11 tech items all students will want No student should step onto campus without a few tech toys to help them remain productive, connected and entertained. Post to Facebook 11 tech items all students will want No student should step onto campus without a few tech toys to help them remain productive, connected and entertained.  Check out this story on app.com: http://on.app.com/2bfTErV {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. This story is part of Back to School Share your back-to-school photos (and see ours!) Creative school lunch recipes SOUND OFF: Kiss your kid on the lips or no? 11 tech items all students will want Marc Saltzman, @marc_saltzman 12:04 p.m. EDT August 22, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share From smartwatches to laptops, tech columnist Marc Saltzman shares the best gadgets for students heading back to school. Rather than lug a laptop between classes, students might only need a smartphone or tablet and Logitech’s portable and afford K380 Multi-Device Bluetooth Keyboard. (Photo: COURTESY LOGITECH) No student should step onto campus without a few tech toys to help them remain productive, connected and entertained. If you’re looking for some ideas on what to invest in for the school year, we’ve compiled 11 great gadgets for use in the dorm room, lecture hall or while walking around between classes.  (Photo: COURTESY PEBBLE STEEL) All in the wrist Students are often on the run, and so a wrist-mounted smartwatch might be a convenient way to stay on top of your busy life. Crafted with stainless steel and strong glass, the Pebble Steel ($179.99) is Bluetooth-connected watch that talks to a nearby smartphone (Apple iOS or Android) and works with thousands of apps and customizable watch faces. Apps can show you who’s calling or texting, live sports scores, turn-by-turn navigation, fitness info, playable games, music control and more. This waterproof watch comes with both metal and leather straps. SCHOOLS: NJ tech companies scout high schools for stars TECH: 6 great back-to-school gadgets  (Photo: COURTESY HP) Print, scan, repeat The HP Envy 5660 Wireless e-All-In-One ($149.99) is compact wireless printer, scanner and copier, that can produce lab-quality photos and laser-quality documents from your smartphone, tablet or laptop – even when you’re out of the home or dorm room. Other features include 2.7-inch color touchscreen, automatic 2-sided printing to save on paper, a 125-sheet main input tray, and support for HP Instant Ink, a smart service (from $2.99/month) that automatically sends new ink to your door when the all-in-one detects its running low.  (Photo: COURTESY SAMSUNG) My buds The just-launched Samsung Gear IconX ($199.99) is a pair of wireless earbuds that can hold up to 1,000 songs on its 4GB of internal storage – therefore not taking up any valuable space on your smartphone – but can also wireless connect to your smartphone via Bluetooth, if you prefer. This teeny product has another trick up its sleeve: it’s also a fitness tracker that can give you audible info like speed, distance, duration, calories burned and heart rate. After your workout, sync the Gear IconX with your Samsung smartphone for a deeper dive on your stats. BACK TO SCHOOL: 8 money-saving tips for back-to-school shopping BACK TO SCHOOL: 4 must-know ways to save with back to school sales  (Photo: COURTESY OF MICROSOFT) On the surface There are tablets and there are laptops, but the Surface Pro 4 (from $899.99, not including 10 percent student discount) straddles that line between the two form factors. By day, write notes using the bundled Surface Pen on the 12.3-inch HD touchscreen. At night, prop up the kickstand, attached an optional Type Cover keyboard and crank out an essay. Or use your fingertips to flick through movies, games, or ebooks. Powered by an Intel Core processor and full Windows 10 OS, Surface also has a USB port, microSD slot and more.  (Photo: COURTESY MYDLINK) Don’t touch my stuff Want to make sure your college roommate isn’t touching your stuff when you’re not there? The mydlink HD Day/Night Wi-Fi Camera (model DCS-936L; $79.99) is a discrete wireless camera that not only saves recordings onto a microSD memory card – once it triggers sound or motion – but you can get notifications on your phone wherever you may be (and with no monthly fees). Along with night vision support and a wide-angle 130-degree lens to get more in, this camera also has a Wi-Fi signal indicator to help you find the optimal spot to place it in.  (Photo: COURTESY LOGITECH) What’s your type? Rather than lug a laptop between classes, students might only need a smartphone or tablet and Logitech’s portable and afford K380 Multi-Device Bluetooth Keyboard ($39.99). Whether you’re on an iPhone, iPad, Android or Windows device, this one portable keyboard can be used wirelessly with up to three different devices. Along with multiple colors to choose from, a comfortable QWERTY keyboard and handy shortcut keys, battery life lasts up to 2 years (via two AAA batteries, preinstalled).  (Photo: COURTESY LENOVO) Beam me up, Scotty When is a tablet more than a tablet? When it’s also a projector for your dorm room. Say what? The Lenovo Yoga Tablet 3 Pro ($599.99) is a stunning 10.1-inch tablet with a trick up its sleeve: press a button on the side to splash a movie on your wall up to 70 inches. This Android-powered device also has a built-in kickstand, front-firing JBL speakers, expandable memory, and a killer battery that lasts up to 18 hours between charges.  (Photo: COURTESY SANDISK) Thanks for the memory Your iPhone 6 or iPhone 6s is a pretty sweet smartphone, but a clever accessory can expand its storage, boost its battery and protect it from the bumps and knocks of every day student life. Starting at $59.99 (for 32GB), the SanDisk iXpand Memory Case can automatically back up photos and videos from your camera roll, or let you play movies off the case so it doesn’t take up any internal storage. A 64GB and 128GB option is available, too. The optional $39 SanDisk iXpand Battery pack adds a magnetic 1900mAh boost to the back of the case.  (Photo: COURTESY HOUSE OF MARLEY) Music matters Add some boom to your dorm room with the House of Marley Get Together ($199.99). With a built-in rechargeable battery and integrated Bluetooth connectivity, this portable sound system is perfect streaming your tunes wirelessly from your favorite device. With front and back panels made of natural bamboo, as well as exclusive Rewind fabric (made from recycled water bottles, hemp and organic cotton), this great-looking speaker doesn’t just sound great but is also attractive and environmentally sustainable.  (Photo: COURTESY LG) More monitor While you might be happy with your existing computer, you might want to supersize your view. LG’s massive 34-inch LG UltraWide Curved LED Monitor (model 34UM88C; $908.99) offers a ton of real estate – ideal for serious multitaskers – thanks to its 21:9 aspect ratio, which is like having two monitors side by side. Also recommended for movie lovers, computer gamers and video editors, this IPS monitor offers Quad HD resolution, multiple connectivity options and integrated speakers.  (Photo: COURTESY OF KEURIG) Java junction College-bound students could probably use some good coffee to help them through long study sessions. The Keurig K200 Coffee Brewer ($119.99) is an ultra compact premium coffee maker – ideal for the tiniest of dorm rooms – and can brew in one of nine sizes, such as 4 oz. or 10 oz. cups, or even a full carafe for a late night exam cram. Available in white, red or black, the K200 also features separate settings for hot cocoa and other specialty beverages, like chai tea. CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.app.com/2bfTErV Back to School Share your back-to-school photos (and see ours!) Creative school lunch recipes Wochit SOUND OFF: Kiss your kid on the lips or no? Retailers expect boost from back-to-school shopping Joan Verdon Look out for these 7 back-to-school scams David P. Willis Back to School Sweepstakes 08/18/2016 This story is part of Back to School Share your back-to-school photos (and see ours!) Creative school lunch recipes SOUND OFF: Kiss your kid on the lips or no?
Mittwoch, 23.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Smart Cities Market to 2020 - Industry Automation, Power Supply, Security, Education, Buildings & Homes, and Others - Global Strategic Business Report 2016 - Research and Markets 22.08.2016 | 18:11 (5 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Smart Cities Market to 2020 - Industry Automation, Power Supply, Security, Education, Buildings & Homes, and Others - Global Strategic Business Report 2016 - Research and Markets DUBLIN, August 22, 2106 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Smart Cities - Global Strategic Business Report" report to their offering. The report provides separate comprehensive analytics for the US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Middle East & Africa, and Latin America. Annual estimates and forecasts are provided for the period 2013 through 2020. This report analyzes the worldwide markets for Smart Cities in US$ Million by the following End-Use Segments: Industry Automation, Power Supply, Security, Education, Buildings & Homes, and Others. Market data and analytics are derived from primary and secondary research. Company profiles are primarily based on public domain information including company URLs. The report profiles 81 companies including many key and niche players such as ABB Ltd. (Switzerland) Accenture plc (US) AGT International (Switzerland) Atos SE (France) Capgemini (France) Cisco Systems, Inc. (US) Ericsson (Sweden) General Electric Company (US) Hitachi, Ltd. (Japan) Honeywell International, Inc. (US) Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd (China) IBM Corporation (US) Intel Corporation (US) Itron, Inc. (US) Libelium Comunicaciones Distribuidas S.L (Spain) Microsoft Corporation (US) Nokia Corporation (Finland) Oracle Corporation (US) Schneider Electric SA (France) Siemens AG (Germany) Silver Spring Networks (US) Toshiba Corporation (Japan) Urbiotica (Spain) Verizon Communications, Inc. (US) Worldsensing SL (Spain) Key Topics Covered: 1. INDUSTRY OVERVIEW Smart Cities: The Only Sustainable Way to Accommodate 7+ Billion People on Earth Expanding Ecological Footprint of Humans Beyond the Earth's Capacity to Regenerate, Throws the Spotlight on Smart Cities: Depleting World Natural Resources of Water (As Measured by Declining Per Capita Water Availability) and Coal (As Measured by Proved Resources) Increasingly Congested Cities Lay the Foundation for the Creation of Planned Urban Spaces Rapid Urbanization: A Key Factor Underlying Congested Cities Resource Constraints & Environmental Consciousness Foster Smart City Development Breakdown of Water Consumption Per Capita, Carbon Dioxide Emissions Per Capita and Waste Volume Per Capita by Geographic Region Developing Regions Emerge as Test Beds for Smart Cities Initiatives Smart Buildings & Homes to Drive Long-Term Growth in the Smart Cities Market Smart Cities Initiatives Gain Momentum across the World Challenges Confronting Development of Smart City Programs 2. COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE Continuous Influx of New Players Reshapes Competition in the Market Opportunities for Service and Technology Providers 3. MARKET TRENDS & ISSUES Growing Environmental Footprint of Cities Shifts Focus Onto Smart Cities Paris Climate Agreement: A Move in the Right Direction for Smart Cities Developments Funding Support: Vital for Smart Cities Initiatives Investments in Smart Technologies for City Operations Set to Grow in the Near Future PPPs Gain Prominence for Funding of Smart City Projects Shift Towards Open Governance Model Fuels Interest in Smart Cities A Review of ICT Technologies Enabling Smart Cities Broadband Networks Internet of Things (IoT) Smart Devices Cloud Computing Big Data Analytics Artificial Intelligence Facial Recognition Geographic Information System (GIS) IoT Lies at the Heart of the Connected Self-Aware Environment Epitomized by Smart Cities A Glance at Few IoT-based Smart Innovations in Urban Areas IoT & Smart Opportunity in Greenfield and Existing Cities IoT-based Smart Cities Initiatives in Select Regions IoT Implementations in Smart Homes & Buildings Growing Prominence of Sensor Technology in Smart Cities Rising Significance of Smart City as a Service Unified Smart City Platforms Allow Big Data to Become a Reality Communication Networks Hold Significance for Smart Connected Cities Wi-Fi Networks Vital for Smart Cities Projects Mesh Networks for Smart Cities Open Data to Provide Long-Term Business Opportunities Government Policies Critical for Fostering Smart City Technology Developments E-Government: Imperative for Transforming Cities into Smart Cities Researchers Join Hands to Explore IoT Technologies to Enable Smart Cities 4. GOING FROM IDEA TO REALITY: A PEEK INTO HOW CITIES ARE GETTING SMARTER Smart Industry Concepts Take Encouraging Steps Forward Provision of Smart Municipal & Utility Services Gains Momentum Smart Grids Vital for Smart Energy Distribution Smart Metering: Vital for Efficient Energy Use & Consumption Control in Smart Cities Spiraling Adoption of Smart Water Meters in Cities Worldwide Demand Responsive Energy Management: Indispensable for a Low Carbon Smart City Footprint Security in Smart Cities Receives Undivided Focus Video Surveillance Plays an Important Role in Public Safety in Smart Cities Advanced Analytics for Surveillance Systems Smart Buildings & Homes Receive Fair Share of Development Focus Intelligent Buildings Vital for Constructing a Smart City Consumer Spending on Smart Home Technologies Gathers Steam Smart Elevators: Focus on Reducing Energy Use and Improving Usable Floor Space Smart & Connected Lighting Systems Make Cities Smarter, Safer & Help Governments Turn Infrastructure Liabilities into Assets Deployment of LED & Smart Streetlights Grows in Cities Smart Digital Education Lies at the Heart of the Smart Cities Concept Smart Healthcare: A Vital Part of the Smart Cities Ecosystem Smart Mobility & Intelligent Transportation Secures a Fair Share of Government Funding 5. SMART CITIES - A CONCEPTUAL OVERVIEW Smart Cities A Definition Smart City Projects A Look at Business Models Smart City Technologies Data Generation Data Distribution Data Aggregation Data Analysis Applications End-Use Segments Smart Energy Smart Buildings Smart Mobility Smart Technology Smart Healthcare Smart Infrastructure Smart Governance & Smart Education Smart Security Smart Citizens Smart Cities A Review of Technologies & Applications in Major End-Use Industries Major Indicators for Assessment of Smart City Outcomes 6. PRODUCT/SERVICE INNOVATIONS/ INTRODUCTIONS Libelium Launches New Smart Cities Sensor Platform Libelium Launches Gases PRO Sensor Board for Monitoring Air Quality Silver Spring Networks Launches SLV6 Street Lights and Smart City Control and Management Platform Silver Spring Networks Deploys its First Street Lighting Network-as-a-Service in North America Silver Spring Networks Demonstrates Revolutionary SilverLink Sensor Network Capabilities Toshiba Jumpstarts Operational Demonstration of Positive Energy Building (PEB) Complex Urbiotica Unveils New Generation Sensing Systems for Smart Parking, Traffic and Noise Monitoring Applications Altera and Eutecus Launch ReCo-Pro Video Analytics Platform Google Establishes Sidewalk Labs for Catering to Smart Cities Solutions Market Major Enterprises Collaborate to Start White House's Smart Cities Initiative Tech Mahindra Unveils NFV and SDN Based Solutions Suite for Smart Cities Market Silver Spring Networks Upgrades its IPv6-Based Networking Platform Silver Spring Networks Launches SilverLink Sensor Network AGT International Introduces IoT Enabled CityMIND 6.5 Smart City Platform Cubic Transportation Systems Unveils NextCity Suite of Modular Interlocking Smart City Platform GreenStar Hub Unveils GreenStar NYC Smart City Mobile App IBM Opens Chinese Base for Smart Cities R&D Operations EIB Partners with Belfius Bank for Smart City Invest Scheme Project Kansas City Administration Partners with Cisco to Start Several Smart City Projects Toshiba Secures Funding for Developing Critical Elements of Smart Community System in Ishinomaki City Silver Spring Launches Networks Network-as-a-Service Offering to its Expanded Portfolio of Smart City Solutions 7. RECENT INDUSTRY ACTIVITY Nokia Networks Closes Acquisition of Alcatel-Lucent AGT Partners with City Of Cologne to Deliver IoT Analytics for Sustainable City Project Huawei and Honeywell Ink Agreement to Cooperate on Industrial Internet and Smart Energy and Smart City Projects City of Murfreesboro to Upgrade its Water Distribution Infrastructure with Itron's Smart Water Solution Siemens Upgrades Power Distribution Grids in Five Indian Cities Silver Spring Networks and CESC Collaborate for Smart City and Smart Energy Network in Kolkata Silver Spring Networks Secures Contract for Deployment of Smart LED Street Lights in Halifax, Nova Scotia Acuity Brands Lighting Partners with Silver Spring Networks to Develop Intelligent Lighting Platform for Smart Cities and Utilities Castellón Administration Selects Urbiotica's Smart Parking Solution VIMOC and Los Gatos Partner to Address Parking Management and Traffic Congestion INESA Partners with Roland Berger for Development of Smart City Concepts Silver Spring Networks Extends Partnership with EVESA for Citywide Canopy Network for Smart City Project Siemens Expands Cooperation with UI LABS with Formation of CityWorks Venture Indra Commences Implementation of Smart Energy Pilot Projects in Barcelona Telensa Merges with Senaptic to Deliver IoT Applications and Smart City Systems Paradox Engineering Merges with Tinynode to Develop Smart City Ecosystem Sentiance to Acquire Rights to i-KNOW's MOVE Platform Whitehelm Capital and Cisco Partner to Deliver Funded Smart City Solutions Essel Group Inks Technology Transfer Agreements for Clean Energy and Smart Cities with German Companies Nasscom Collaborates with Accenture for Smart Cities Developments Smart City Networks Invests in Upgrading WiFi Network System Capability at Anaheim Convention Center (ACC) Telensa Implements Smart Parking Solution in Chinese and Russian Market Surat Municipal Administration Partners with Microsoft India for Smart City Development Project Worldsensing Enters into Agreement with City Parking Group Worldsensing Takes Over Bitcarrier Silver Spring Networks Secures Springfield City Utilities Contract for Smart Grid Deployment Silver Spring Networks Expands Cooperation with EDMI to Deliver Integrated Solutions in New Markets AGT International and Cisco Partner for Hamburg Smart City Project AGT and Cisco Partner to Establish Smart city Global Strategic Alliance DTE Energy and Itron Partner for Showcasing Smart City Project Inrix Collaborates with PTV Group for Development of Smart City Solutions Cisco Inks MOU with City of Hamburg for Initiating Smart City Project Silver Spring Networks Partners with LED Roadway Lighting to Deliver Intelligent Streetlight Solution Worldsensing Implements Major Intelligent Parking Project in Moscow Accenture Deploys Yokohama Smart City DR Customer Billing System Cisco Teams Up with Portugal Telecom to Deliver Smart+ Connected Solutions 8. FOCUS ON SELECT PLAYERS 9. GLOBAL MARKET PERSPECTIVE Total Companies Profiled: 81 (including Divisions/Subsidiaries 89) The United States (34) Canada (2) Japan (2) Europe (37) - France (5) - Germany (5) - The United Kingdom (3) - Italy (1) - Spain (6) - Rest of Europe (17) Asia-Pacific (Excluding Japan) (12) Middle East (2) For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/t8gksb/smart_cities Related Topics: Internet of Things and M2M Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 © 2016 PR Newswire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday TargetBlackFriday BestBuyBlackFriday PS4BlackFridayDeals ToysRUsBlackFriday Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Consumer Electronics/ Virtual Reality/ Microsoft HoloLens Development Edition Microsoft HoloLens Development Edition Comments August 22, 2016 PREVIEW Comments SPECS COMPARE View Gallery View All 10 Photos in Gallery MSRP $3000.00 Pros Surprisingly intuitive and fleshed out for development hardware. Bright, clear holograms. Interesting software selection. Cons Holograms only appear in a small section of your vision. Uncomfortable after extended periods. Gestures look silly. Bottom Line The Development Edition of the Microsoft HoloLens augmented reality headset is a well-executed and tempting look at how we might use computers years in the future. By Will Greenwald Virtual reality has been a major topic of discussion over the last year, with the release of headsets like the HTC Vive and the Oculus Rift. VR can put you in completely different places, but it doesn't change how you look at your real-life surroundings. That's what augmented reality is for, and that's why Microsoft designed the HoloLens. The HoloLens isn't a VR headset. You can see completely through it and look at anything around you. Instead, it projects holograms over your surroundings, combining the real environment with computer-generated elements like floating app windows and three-dimensional models. //Compare Similar Products Compare Oculus Rift   %displayPrice%%seller% see it HTC Vive   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Samsung Gear VR   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Zeiss VR One   %displayPrice%%seller% see it The technology used in the HoloLens is leaps and bounds beyond anything Google Glass has accomplished, but it's also much more expensive and a lot bulkier. Microsoft hasn't announced a retail version of the HoloLens yet, but if you really want to try it, you can order the Development Edition for $3,000. It's a self-contained Windows 10 system built into an AR visor, and because it doesn't require any sort of pairing with a smartphone, tablet, or PC, it can function completely on its own. Because it's development hardware, we won't give it a formal score. This HoloLens is not intended to be a consumer product, and that's reflected in its price and ergonomics. It's still an incredible piece of technology, and potentially indicates how we will work with computers in the not-too-distant future. Design The HoloLens consists of a big black headband and a transparent black visor. The headband wraps completely around your head above the ears, with thick, fixed arms that connect to the visor and an adjustable, padded back strap with a wheel that extends or contracts to fit the size of your head. The left arm features a power button and five-LED battery indicator on the back, a micro USB port for charging with the included cable and power adapter on the underside, and two buttons that adjust display brightness on the top. The right arm has a 3.5mm headphone jack on the bottom and volume control buttons on the top. The arms also feature their own speakers, small orange rectangular protrusions that project sound toward the wearer's ears. The speakers offer clear sound for the user, but because there are no headphone earpads to isolate the sound, people around you might hear whatever you're doing on the HoloLens if you keep the volume turned up. View All 10 Photos in Gallery The visor contains the bulk of the electronics. It's a large, smoke-colored plastic shield on the front of the headband that extends over the front, protecting the various sensors and the display. The display consists of a transparent pane over each eye, angled to catch the images projected by emitters built above them. Multiple sensors, including four environment cameras, one depth camera, and an ambient light sensor, cover a wide arc in front of the user. Besides the HoloLens itself and the included Clicker peripheral (explained below), the Development Edition includes a baseball cap-like peg-in-hole plastic strap, short and long nose bridges that click into the nose section of the face mask, a micro USB cable for charging the device, a USB power adapter, and a hard-shell zip-up case. Hardware The Development Edition is designed to be a wearable computer, though it isn't close to a full PC in terms of power. It uses a 32-bit Intel CPU to drive the device, with a separate Microsoft-built Holographic Processing Unit (HPU 1.0) for the holograms. It has 2GB of RAM and 64GB of flash storage, and features both Bluetooth 4.1 LE and 802.11ac Wi-Fi. Microsoft hasn't specified a display resolution for the HoloLens, beyond that the emitters produce 2.3 million points of light projected by two "HD 16:9 light engines." Since the HoloLens is a self-contained system, you can use it without any wires. You charge the headset via its micro USB port. Microsoft says the battery should last between two and three hours of use, which is in line with our experience during the testing period. It takes about two hours to reach a full charge. How Hololens Holograms Work Microsoft's entire concept is based around projecting holograms for an augmented reality experience. The HoloLens visor does a very good job of this, thanks to its extremely bright light emitters. They work with the wave guides on the lenses in front of your eyes to display crisp, colorful images floating in three-dimensional space (to your point of view). Both floating windows for apps and simulated three-dimensional objects are vivid and clear before your eyes. But the holograms don't exist in your complete field of vision. The lenses and projectors only display holograms within a limited rectangular space in the center of your view. If you move your head away from the hologram you're looking at, it will vanish before it hits the edge of your sightline. This is jarring, and prevents the HoloLens from producing a truly immersive augmented reality experience. It's a fairly large display field, but it doesn't come close to the complete field of view offered by the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive virtual reality headsets. Of course, those headsets don't let you see through them to see all of your actual surroundings (though pass-through camera modes let you see what's in front of your VR headset in a rectangle about the size of the HoloLens display). Keeping the HoloLens display lined up with your eyes is vital, as the display's boundaries can otherwise be obscured. I found the visor dipping low on occasion when testing, which made the top of the picture fade away. The included nose bridges in two different sizes can keep the visor lifted at the right angle when used with the adjustment wheel on the back of the headband. I had to tighten the headband to a somewhat uncomfortable extent to keep the visor aligned on my relatively large head. Keeping the headband tight helped make sure the lenses were aligned, but it also put a lot of pressure on my brow, and my forehead felt sore when I finally took the headset off. The HoloLens is a bit more comfortable with the headband pulled back to give a little more slack, but then I had to constantly adjust the visor to keep my eyes aligned with the lenses. That means my fit choices were either annoying (regular adjustments) or ultimately painful (an overly tight headband). Environment Mapping While the HoloLens can't display holograms to cover your entire vision, it can at least position them through your entire surroundings. The multiple cameras and sensors on the visor constantly scan the area around you, mapping walls and other obstacles and tracking your location relative to them. This makes the HoloLens surprisingly accurate for its placement of holographic windows and objects. In our rectangular, flat-walled test room, I easily placed Web browsers, apps, and settings menus along the walls like virtual windows, surrounding myself with objects that stayed in place as if they were physically mounted on the walls. The HoloLens sensed the location of the floor and tables as well, accurately lining three-dimensional holograms around them so they didn't appear to be floating around like ghosts. The environment mapping is less reliable in more open and cluttered areas. PC Labs itself is a large, uneven workspace with multiple aisles, benches, desks, offices, and windows, with a block-patterned, three-color floor to further confuse the sensors. The HoloLens identified the walls of the lab accurately, but made holograms flicker and glitch when I placed them around the open aisles. The visor clearly struggled to figure out whether or not the benches and their shelves were walls or not, and if the wide red and blue stripes of the floor were physical boundaries or flat. Control You can control HoloLens with the included Clicker peripheral or with physical gestures. The Clicker is a small one-button remote that simply lets you click on whatever you're looking at, using a small dot in the center of your view as a cursor. The Clicker generally just performs the click function and relies on head motion for moving things around and selecting them. Hand motion is used almost exclusively for the drag-and-drop command, where you click and hold with the Clicker and your hand in view of the visor, then slowly move your hand to drag objects where you want them to go. This is mostly used for resizing windows and holograms, and scrolling up and down documents in Edge. Physical gestures are fairly reliable once you get used to them, but they'll make you look and feel pretty silly. The two main gestures are Bloom and Air Tap. Bloom involves holding your hand with your fingers together and pointed straight up, then opening up your fingers. The gesture brings up the Start menu, which lets you access all of the apps and features. It's hard to do without wanting to follow up with a shout of "Magic!" Air Tap involves holding your index finger up and bringing it down toward your thumb. You don't need to touch your fingertip to your thumb, but I found it makes the gesture slightly more reliable. This is the basic click gesture, activating any item the dot in the center of your field of view is floating over. You can also hold the gesture to drag objects. I found myself wanting to mutter, "I am crushing your head," while Air Tapping. Both gestures need to be performed in view of the headset's sensors. The area is a bit more forgiving than the holographic display's frame, but generally you get the best results by keeping your hands within the boundaries of the display when gesturing. Besides clicking and using air gestures, the HoloLens supports voice commands and features Microsoft's Cortana voice assistant. Simple commands like, "Remove," and, "Take a Picture," close windows and take photos (with holograms) of whatever you're looking at. You can also use Cortana to input text, which is useful if you don't want to pair a separate Bluetooth keyboard to the HoloLens, since entering text using Air Taps with a virtual keyboard is tedious. Software While it's intended for developers, the HoloLens offers a surprising amount of compelling software for general use. As a Windows 10 device, it has access to the Edge browser, Skype video conferencing, and a variety of other Microsoft and third-party apps on the Windows 10 app store. These apps, which aren't designed with holograms in mind, appear as floating windows you can virtually fix on your walls or floating in space. Microsoft Edge works just as well as it does on a standard PC. I could access Gmail and YouTube easily through the Web browser, which displayed both in desktop mode. A separate YouTube client, called HoloTube, displays a more leanback-friendly interface for browsing videos, and lets you detach the app from whatever location you placed it and make it continuously float in the center of your vision wherever you look. The Holograms app is an entertaining way to decorate your environment with holograms and experiment with the headset's location tracking and placement. It presents a window with a variety of static and animated three-dimensional holograms. Tapping one pulls it out of the window and lets you place it anywhere around you. Once a hologram is placed, you can resize and reposition it as you please. These holograms are treated as persistent decorations in your HoloLens interface; even if you close the Hologram app, the holograms will stay put as long as you use window-based apps like Edge. (They will disappear, along with any windows you have open, if you load a HoloLens app that completely takes over your view.) The holograms are persistent in their virtual locations, meaning you can walk around them and look at them from any angle. HoloStudio builds on the Holograms concept by letting you construct entire scenes of holograms out of various components and using different tools. You can connect multiple parts together, duplicate your constructed objects, and color them to create much more elaborate dioramas than the individual pre-built objects from the Holograms app. As mentioned, a Skype client is available on the HoloLens as well. It offers full voice and video call support, projecting a window in front of your vision with the person you're calling (like VidWindows in Reboot). Because the HoloLens doesn't have a camera on you as you use it, the video feed from your end shows whatever you're looking at, complete with any holograms you want to share with the caller. Games Fragments is one of the most visually impressive demonstrations of what the HoloLens can do for gaming. It's an augmented reality game that puts you in the shoes of a detective who must scan "memories" (incomplete crime scenes) and identify clues to locate where a hostage is being held. The game scanned our test room and used its shape to define both the virtual crime lab and the memories I investigated. I walked around the room watching different fragments of the scene come together as I focused on them, then tapped various clues to get closer looks. Each clue added another detail I could then use to narrow down the search area using a series of location filters, eventually finding out where the crime was happening in time to rescuse a hostage. It's very similar to the AR glasses used by agent Norman Jayden in the game Heavy Rain, only I was wearing the glasses instead of watching a character on my TV use them. Young Conker is a more kid-friendly game where you guide a cartoon squirrel around different levels to collect coins, solve puzzles, and reach objectives. It's much more simple than Fragments, but it similarly uses the shape of your room to determine how to play. Conker will follow the cursor in the middle of your view, running over different obstacles created by the contours of your room's walls and furniture. RoboRaid is a first-person shooting gallery, similar to many virtual reality games on the Samsung Gear VR. You need to look around the room to aim your cursor at attacking robots and hit them with lasers. Instead of tapping a touchpad on the headset like in a Gear VR game, you Air Tap to fire. Physical movement is a big part of this game, and this is where the benefits of augmented reality over virtual reality shine. You can freely move around to dodge laser fire, and since you can see everything that's physically around you, you don't run the risk of knocking things over like with vision-obscuring VR headsets. An Augemented Glimpse Into the Future Even as first-generation development hardware, Microsoft's HoloLens is a very impressive example of cutting-edge technology. This self-contained augmented reality device can project holograms and run apps all around you, letting you turn your entire surroundings into a desktop, or completely overhaul your environment with different effects that follow your walls and furniture accurately. The limited field of vision is the headset's biggest weakness, though, along with a bulky, uncomfortable design. The HoloLens still has a way to go before it finds itself in offices, schools, and homes everywhere. There are some big improvements in field of view and comfort that must be made before this is a feasible consumer technology. Perhaps in five years, everyone will have access to the eventual grandchildren of the HoloLens, with glasses, goggles, and visors that can display holograms anywhere you look. For now, though, this is a $3,000 headset that offers a very tempting glimpse at a promising future. Back to top PCMag may earn affiliate commissions from the shopping links included on this page. These commissions do not affect how we test, rate or review products. To find out more, read our complete terms of use. Previous : Vitrima by Fantem By Will Greenwald Senior Analyst, Consumer Electronics Will Greenwald has been covering consumer technology for more than six years, and has served on the editorial staffs of CNET.com, Sound & Vision, and Maximum PC. Since graduating from Syracuse University in 2005, Will has been an active technology journalist both online and in print. His work and analysis has been seen in GamePro, Tested.com, Geek.com, and several other publications. He currently covers consumer electronics in the PCMag.com labs, focusing on Blu-ray players, set-top boxes, and other home theater equipment. ... More » More Stories by Will Samsung UN70KU6300FXZA Samsung's KU6300 series of 4K TVs feature HDR compatibility, but the panel lacks the contrast and co... More » Samsung UN65KU6300FXZA Samsung's KU6300 series of 4K TVs feature HDR compatibility, but the panel lacks the contrast and co... More » Samsung UN60KU6300FXZA Samsung's KU6300 series of 4K TVs feature HDR compatibility, but the panel lacks the contrast and co... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
distal-attribute distal-attribute distal-attribute distal-attribute Home Downloads Installer Portable Source Nightly builds Screenshots Forum 23 Nov: Show multiple tabs side by side in the UI? 23 Nov: Connection parameters to PostgreSQL 23 Nov: read-only mode 23 Nov: declaring functions in PostgreSQL 23 Nov: Issue: Postgres objects don't show in t ... 23 Nov: VARBINARY 23 Nov: charset display error 23 Nov: MsSQL Show Trigger problem 23 Nov: Autocomplete fails for MS SQL Server if ... 22 Nov: [bug] SQL file load shows shifted first ... 22 Nov: Cannot find a usable libpq.dll 22 Nov: Only defibne Autorefresh on server proc ... 22 Nov: Specify Hex Blob when exporting databas ... 21 Nov: IP Address being truncated 21 Nov: PostgreSQL should not set Query Timeout ... 21 Nov: Remember display UNIX timestamp setting ... 21 Nov: Display UNIX timestamp for varchar 20 Nov: Problem with loading postgress db 20 Nov: [bug] Cannot find a usable libpg.dll ub ... 20 Nov: How can I increase the font in the resu ... Donate How to donate List of donors Help Requirements Connecting to a server Command line switches The database tree Creating a table Creating a view Creating a stored procedure Creating a trigger Creating a scheduled event The Data tab Running SQL queries SQL export HeidiSQL portable License Credits Program crashes with DB - 12000 Tables New topic Register Log in 5 posts jahsen posted 2 years ago in General Hello, I have a database with many tables ~12000, When I try to open this DB (MySQL) Heidi crashes Here is error report: date/time : 2014-09-08, 14:33:42, 518ms computer name : YJILKOV user name : yjilkov <admin> registered owner : Asen operating system : Windows 7 x64 Service Pack 1 build 7601 system language : Bulgarian system up time : 11 days 11 hours program up time : 3 minutes 41 seconds processors : 4x Intel(R) Core(TM) i5 CPU 650 @ 3.20GHz physical memory : 3917/7989 MB (free/total) free disk space : (C:) 17,38 GB display mode : 1920x1080, 32 bit process id : $15bc allocated memory : 86,58 MB largest free block : 8185,77 GB executable : heidisql.exe exec. date/time : 2014-09-08 14:29 version : 8.3.0.4815 compiled with : Delphi XE5 madExcept version : 4.0.8.1 callstack crc : $6aa13b63, $eb0cad7c, $eb0cad7c exception number : 1 exception class : EStackOverflow exception message : Stack overflow. main thread ($1a8): 7fefd30a KERNELBASE.dll InternalLcidToName 7fefd302 KERNELBASE.dll CompareStringW 77094ee6 kernel32.dll CompareStringW 00473a74 heidisql.exe System.SysUtils WideCompareText 009039f0 heidisql.exe SynHighlighterHashEntries 200 +4 TSynHashEntry.AddEntry 00903a71 heidisql.exe SynHighlighterHashEntries 207 +11 TSynHashEntry.AddEntry 6679 posts ansgar posted 2 years ago I can try to fix that here. This crash seems to be happen when adding the 12000 table names into SynEdit's internal list. I guess you can live with it when Heidi does not highlight all of these 12000 table names in the editor, but let's say the first 1000 tables only. 5 posts jahsen posted 2 years ago Of course, i understand that this is not a usual problem but i like the program so much and i will be very glad if i could work with it with all my databases. 6679 posts ansgar posted 2 years ago I spent one hour to find the place where table names are being added to the highlighter, with no luck yet. Damn I was sure it was TSynSQLSyn.TableNames. Will keep looking. 5 posts jahsen posted 2 years ago Thank you!!! 6679 posts ansgar posted 2 years ago Fixed in r4817. Highlighter does no longer try to highlight tables when there are more than 1000. 5 posts jahsen posted 2 years ago YOU ARE THE BEST!!! I am gonna' try it out right away! :) 5 posts jahsen posted 2 years ago It works 6 posts Guentiganz posted 1 year ago Hi there, I have the same probleme here. 900 tables and about 600 Triggers. Is it possible to skip highlighting for triggers? Is there any reason to highlight them? Maybe you could higlight the first 1000 items, or may increase this number? thank you 6679 posts ansgar posted 3 months ago The SynEdit guys fixed that slowness issue with many table names! In my tests I simulated 50000 table names without a notifiable waiting time. I merged the changes into HeidiSQL in r5111 so you can test yourself. I also removed the limitation to 1000 tables names now. 6 posts Guentiganz posted 3 months ago Highlighting works fine. Thank you But, Everytime I try to do autocompletion using CTRL + SPACE Heidi executes an show create table for each table and a show create trigger too. in my case there are about 1600 show creates beeign executed. 6679 posts ansgar posted 3 months ago That has nothing to do with highlighting, does it? Well, if you're on a newer MySQL server, these SHOW CREATE queries should be fired as one big multi-statement with semicolons between each single one, are they? Please login to leave a reply, or register at first. Username: Password: Remember me Imprint | Using Project Honey Pot
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Mainboard Network Features 16 Win 1 of 10 Killer-optimised gaming motherboards by Parm Mann on 22 August 2016, 09:59 Tags: Rivet Networks, MSI Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qac5jh Add to My Vault: It's time for another incredible giveaway. In partnership with Killer and MSI, HEXUS is giving all our readers the chance to win one of 10 Z170A Gaming M7 motherboards! Supporting the latest sixth-generation Intel processors and armed with a Killer E2400 high-performance Gigabit Ethernet Controller, the Z170A Gaming M7 is optimised for a superior online gaming experience. The board is worth over £180 at retail and we have 10 just waiting to be won! The HEXUS award-winning Killer E2400's intelligent prioritisation of network traffic results "in an improved network experience" that can "make a genuine difference to our everyday computing experience." You can read more about the technology in our in-depth review and be sure to follow Killer on Facebook to stay updated with all the company's latest developments. Want to see the E2400 in action? Check out the video overview embedded below. An awesome opportunity to bag some cutting-edge gear, so what are you waiting for? Answer the following question to enter this fantastic competition, and don't forget, you can also claim a free second entry via Facebook to increase your chances! Terms & conditions There is no entry fee and no purchase necessary to enter this competition. The prize draw is open to HEXUS readers aged 12 years or over. The competition winner will be picked at random from all eligible entries that arrive by 22:00 GMT on the closing date, September 22, 2016. Only one entry is permitted per household per HEXUS entry form; second Facebook entries, if applicable, are permitted. Duplicate entries on either form will result in disqualification and no entrant may win more than one prize. The winners will be notified via email by September 29, 2016. The winner must claim their prize within 7 days of the promoter sending notification. If the prize is unclaimed after this time, HEXUS reserves the right to offer the unclaimed prize to a substitute winner selected in accordance with these rules. The prize is one of 10 MSI Z170A Gaming M7 motherboards. In the event that the prize offered is unavailable due to circumstances beyond our control, we reserve the right to offer an alternative prize of equal or greater specification. Prizes will ship to winners within 45 days of the draw, though we aim for sooner. HEXUS and its partners are responsible for shipping within the criteria laid out and the winner is responsible for local taxes if applicable. Prize draws are not open to employees of HEXUS and their affiliates, agencies, suppliers, sponsors and members employees' immediate families. Entry into the competition will be deemed as acceptance of these terms and conditions. A list of previous competition winners is available at HEXUS.net/Competition_Winners. Related Reading 7 Gigabyte Server Q&A with Craig Connell Head Business Manager lays out GPU server strategy. 1 Next gen Intel chipsets to sport on-board Wi-Fi and USB 3.1 Industry sources tip this multi-feature integration for the Intel 300-series at the end of 2017. 2 SuperO lists and pictures its Kaby Lake Z270/H270 motherboards Supermicro Gaming brand accidentally publishes the details a bit early. All Asus 100 series motherboards Kaby Lake ready via BIOS updates All MSI 100 series motherboards Kaby Lake ready via BIOS updates MSI releases low profile GeForce GTX 1050, 1050 Ti graphics cards MSI Trident claimed to be "world's smallest VR Ready gaming PC" MSI VR One VR backpack PC hits retail, costing around £2000 HEXUS Forums :: 16 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by azrael- - Mon 22 Aug 2016 10:08 Entered! And first to comment! Must be my lucky day. Yay! :) Thanks for another great competition! Posted by virtuo - Mon 22 Aug 2016 10:13 That's a generous giveaway - guess I'll need to go and win a 6th Gen i7 to go with it.. and DDR4 and a 1080 =[ Posted by Anomander - Mon 22 Aug 2016 10:25 Woot Woot! If I win one, I might as well get a new CPU and DDR4. Good luck to all! Posted by Disturbedguy - Mon 22 Aug 2016 12:54 Entered :) Awesome giveaway - If I win, that means I HAVE to upgrade the rest of my rig, right? Posted by jnutt - Mon 22 Aug 2016 14:25 Awesome prize thanks Hexus and MSi SEE NEWER » MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 AMD Zen chips to debut on 17th January: Chinese mobo maker 27 2 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 3 Intel's 9th gen Coffee Lake chips to make 6-core mainstream 12 4 Nvidia releases GeForce Game Ready 375.86 WHQL drivers 7 5 Corsair Crystal Series 570X RGB 10 1 AMD Zen chips to debut on 17th January: Chinese mobo maker 27 2 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 3 Scan Computers launches new website 19 4 Asus ROG launches the GX800 liquid cooled gaming laptop 18 5 Intel's 9th gen Coffee Lake chips to make 6-core mainstream 12 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 Strax: Strategic acquisitions and Vodafone partnership 2 Introducing FS3017, Synology’s First All-Flash NAS 3 NVIDIA SHIELD: Black Friday hits early with over 60 games on sale 4 FSP Unveils New Twins Series Redundant PSU For Consumers 5 Vertagear Launch Triigger Line Gaming Chair 6 Transcend Presents DDR4 Industrial-Grade Wide Temperature Memory Modules INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,224 Forum posts: 2,559,540 Forum threads: 246,696 Currently active users: 682 Copyright © 1998 - 2016, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
Client Login Receiver Login Issue Release Services The Process SMNR Pricing Partners Why RealWire? Testimonials Case Studies PR Filter Knowledge About Our Story The Team RealWire News Contact Enquiries PR Sign Up Receiver Sign Up Twitter FeedsRealWire Limited Delivering Relevance, Releasing Influence Send Release|Receive Releases|Archive|FAQ's RSSTwitterLinkedInVimeoYouTube Issue Date 22 Aug 2016 Images Opia Survey Infographic view Related Links Opia homepage Guaranteed Future Value Infographic Release Feed RSS FeedOpia Feed Share Release Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Digg This blink it Reddit! Stumble It! Add to Diigo Bookmark this on Delicious Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Press Release Retailers and manufacturers missing out on billions of dollars in laptop sales Survey shows on average 71% of consumers in US and UK will buy new laptops every two years if offered innovative and irresistible guaranteed future value promotions Chertsey, Surrey, 22nd August 2016: On average 71% of consumers across the UK and USA will upgrade to a new laptop within two years if retailers guarantee them a rebate of 50 per cent on the original purchase price of their current model, according to a new survey of 1,000 consumers split between the two countries. This could help reset the decline of the PC market due to longer upgrade cycles and mobile-device cannibalization as mentioned by Intel CEO Brian Krzanich at a recent investor conference.[1] Opia Survey Infographic The survey, conducted by polling firm Censuswide for risk-managed sales promotion expert Opia, reveals that 73% consumers in the US will upgrade if they are made such an offer, along with 69% in the UK. “Guaranteed future value (GFV) offers have huge potential to help retailers and manufacturers on both sides of the Atlantic bust out of ever-longer refresh cycles in the laptop market,” says Steve Gales, sales director at Opia. “With more than 17 million units shipped in the US in the last quarter of 2015 and an estimated nine million UK consumers obtaining a laptop or notebook in the year, the revenue boost from customers upgrading more often could be colossal. The average US citizen, for example, spends $500 on a new laptop and if they do that every 2.5 years, instead of every five, retailers and manufacturers will see revenue rocket by more than $170bn in a five year period. “Many consumers are hanging on to laptops for five years or more, putting up with ever-poorer performance because they fear having to spend on a new device. Although there are slight differences between the two countries, the survey shows that GFV can remove that fear, encouraging consumers to make new purchases more regularly.” The survey also reveals that 69% of consumers across the two countries view a new laptop as less expensive if the resale value is guaranteed to be 50% of what they paid for it, provided they upgrade within two years. “Since most respondents (59%) in the two countries have previously taken up some form of promotional offer to buy a laptop, they are already open to suggestion if the offer is compelling. Retailers who don’t act fast to implement closed loop upgrade promotions are subjecting themselves to ever-longer refresh cycles and lower revenues.” says Gales. The findings showed that in the US and UK, an average of 85% of consumers wait more than three years before buying a new laptop. In the US, 69% said they did not buy a new PC or laptop because new models were too expensive and are waiting for the right offers compared with 63% in the UK. “These survey results demonstrate clearly how retailers and manufacturers failing to use risk-backed GFV promotional mechanisms are doing themselves out of a significant amount of business. One final example from the survey reveals 35% of US consumers and 30% of UK consumers said a 50% GFV offer could encourage them to buy a more expensive model when they come to upgrade”, concludes Gales. [1] http://www.fool.com/investing/2016/06/10/intel-corporation-ceo-brian-krzanich-explains-the.aspx -Ends- Notes to editors Opia is an industry expert in risk managed sales promotions, with a proven track record in results-driven business and consumer campaigns for brand owners in the hi-tech, telecoms, FMCG, retail and automotive sectors. Supported by a 24/7 customer service team working in 18 languages, Opia’s global reach enables it to offer multilingual redemption campaigns in over 60 countries, including EMEA, North and South America and Asia-Pacific. Opia is a subsidiary of media company Village Roadshow and has been an integral part of its Digital Division since 2015. Opia is compliant to the ISO 9001 quality management standard and the latest ISO 27001: 2013 standard for data security. For more information, please contact: Jen Rook Whiteoaks PR +44 (0)1252 727313 ext. 276 jenniferr@whiteoaks.co.uk Contact us +44 (0)1522 883640Follow us RSSTwitterLinkedInVimeoYouTube Copyright © 2011 - 2016 Realwire Limited, all rights reserved.Privacy Policy   |   Disclaimer
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookGoogle+Log In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop Good Gear Guide > News > DRAM will live on as DDR5 memory is slated to reac... DRAM will live on as DDR5 memory is slated to reach computers in 2020 The DDR5 DRAM specification will be finalized by the end of this year Agam Shah (IDG News Service) on 19 August, 2016 04:53 0 - - - - print email Hardware experts believed the last DRAM would be the current DDR4, but that's not the case, with DDR5 memory now under development. Specifications for DDR5 memory will be released this year, and deployment of the DRAM will begin in 2020, according to a slide deck presented at the Intel Developer Forum this week. DDR5 DRAM will have many benefits: Users will be able to cram more memory into PCs, and applications will run faster. DDR5 memory will be denser than earlier DRAM, and also consume less power, which could extend battery life in laptops. PCs will need faster and denser memory for applications like virtual reality, and DDR5 will help, said Mike Howard, director of DRAM and memory at research firm IHS. Right now, VR applications are in their early days, but the bandwidth provided by DDR4 may ultimately not be enough, Howard said. Servers will be the first hardware to get DDR5 DRAM, and it could reach desktops and laptops 12 to 18 months later. The server market is the "low-hanging fruit," because many applications, like databases and analytics, are executed in memory, Howard said. HP is doubling memory capacity in servers every year to help deal with information gathered through data sources like sensors and social media networks and then sent to data centers for analysis. DDR5 DRAM could help server makers meet the growing memory needs. Hardware experts expected that DDR4 DRAM would ultimately be replaced by new memory technology like PCM (phase-change memory), RRAM (resistive RAM), or MRAM (magnetoresistive RAM), all of which can also store data when a computer is shut off. Those memory types are still in research or early stages of deployment, and could be expensive to make. "The incumbent always has tremendous inertia," Howard said. "The DDR incumbent will keep rolling by the virtue that it's there." It was also expected that DDR4 would last longer because of the continued decline in PC shipments. But PCs are finding a new life in applications like VR, and the renewed interest is partly driving DDR5 DRAM development. DRAM is a US$40 billion annual business, and companies like Samsung will make DDR memory as long as it's a viable business. Memory makers won't spend billions to retool factories for newer memory types based on promise, Howard said. Some advanced DRAM-like memory has found niche uses. HMC (Hybrid Memory Cube) and Wide I/O are faster than DRAM but haven't been widely adopted yet. Another promising, but more expensive memory, called HBM (high-bandwidth memory) is used in GPUs, but could also be used in PCs some day. A new memory that could dislodge DRAM is 3D Xpoint, which can be used as storage, memory, or both. Intel will sell 3D Xpoint DIMMs starting next year, and the company claims it is faster and 10 times denser than DRAM. But it'll take many years for 3D Xpoint memory DIMMs to be widely adopted, Howard said. DDR5 DRAM will allow smaller and denser memory chips to be made using the latest manufacturing processes. The DDR4 specification, which was finalized many years ago, wasn't designed using the latest 14- and 10-nanometer manufacturing processes, but for the older 40- to 50-nanometer processes. DDR5 could live until 2025, and that may give breathing room for the new memory types to develop, Howard said. "A lot of the DDR5 development gets back to the shortcomings for DDR4," Howard said. DDR5 deployment could follow the same arc as DDR4, which is still ramping as DDR3 slowly fades. Initially, it will be expensive, but as the volumes ramp, it should get cheaper. Brand Post Competition: Win a Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive (64GB) valued at $134.95 More from Lexar Join the Good Gear Guide newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Agam Shah IDG News Service Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Cool Tech 360Fly 4K Camera Learn more > Garmin fenix Chronos Learn more > GS63VR Stealth Pro Learn more > Crucial Ballistix Elite 32GB Kit (4 x 8GB) DDR4-3000 UDIMM Learn more > Nighthawk X10 Learn more > Gadgets & Things Arlo Smart Home Security Cameras Learn more > Ehang 184 Learn more > Lexar® Professional 1000x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards Learn more > Google Daydream View Learn more > Crucial® MX300 Solid State Drive Learn more > Family Friendly Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > VR ONE 6RE-013AU Learn more > Orbi WiFi System Learn more > Google Pixel XL Learn more > Parrot Mambo Drone Learn more > Stocking Stuffer Clamcase for iPad Pro 9.7-inch Learn more > Brother PocketJet Printer Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® C20i flash drive  Learn more > 3SIXT HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Plox Star Wars Death Star Levitating Bluetooth Speaker Learn more > Christmas Gift Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Fetch TV Mighty review: Better than Foxtel 2 ​Fetch TV Mini review: Make your TV a smart TV 3 ​Panasonic DX900U UHD 4K smart TV review: Best all-round TV ever? 4 ​Parrot Mambo Drone review 5 ​Evapolar USB air conditioner review Latest News Articles ​Top 10 best Android and Apple smartphones for under $700 ​Kingston 256GB MicroSD XC card review This may be the most expensive 'free' computer you've ever seen You'll be able to stream Xbox One games on the Oculus Rift in December Facebook's latest experiment: Helping you find free Wi-Fi hotspots Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Simon Harriott STYLISTIC Q702 My first impression after unboxing the Q702 is that it is a nice looking unit. Styling is somewhat minimalist but very effective. The tablet part, once detached, has a nice weight, and no buttons or switches are located in awkward or intrusive positions. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content ​Google Daydream View VR full, in-depth review A 5 Minute Chat With Major Nelson 100 Best things at PAX Australia 2016 so far Which flagship TV is best? Sony 4K HDR Bravia 2016 versus LG 4K HDR OLED 2016 10 Blu-ray movies / Best looking Blu-ray movies Latest Jobs Latest Jobs CCSharePoint Online System AdministratorQLD CCSenior Business Analyst - Workforce MobilityQLD FTIdentity Management Team LeaderVIC CCPentaho BI DeveloperQLD FT.Net & Oracle Developers - Agile, Digital/ Portal DevelopmentNSW FTProject ManagerVIC FTSenior PHP DeveloperNSW CCRisk Specialist (Assurance)VIC FTOperations SupportNSW FTDesktop Support EngineerNSW CCMainframe Developer (with ASP.NET)SA CCMainframe ArchitectVIC CCAutomation TesterNSW CCSoftware TesterACT CCHadoop Developer - Big DataNSW TPSenior Automation Test EngineerQLD FTSAP BPC Consultant - MelbourneSA TPSenior PHP ProgrammerQLD FTChange ManagerNSW FTSiebel Design Analyst x 3ACT CCAPI DeveloperVIC PTSenior Visual DesignerSA CCSenior Platform Developer/ArchitectNSW CCSecurity Consultant (Perth CBD based)SA FTService Lifecycle Management Contract AdministratorVIC Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles Senator asks FTC to investigate Office Depot PC tech practices computerworld.com.au NTP fixes denial-of-service flaws cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au Microsoft ISV launches Azure-powered intelligence for mining industry arnnet.com.au Telstra's Kingsmill takes up new post at Virgin Australia cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Username Password Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
null
null

Last Week on Channel 9: August 15th - August 21st, 2016 | C9Team | Channel 9 Channel 9 Home Site Navigation All Content Shows Events Forums Toggle Search Search Channel 9 Search Sign In Sign in to queue Sorry, an error occurred. Close C9Team Last Week on Channel 9: August 15th - August 21st, 2016 Aug 22, 2016 at 2:00AM by Greg Duncan Average of 3 out of 5 stars 3 ratings Sign in to rate Close Description Here's just a few, just 27, shows, episodes, posts and videos from last week here on Channel 9. TWC9: Open Source PowerShell, UWP Community Toolkit, Minecraft Oculus Rift and more... This week on Channel 9, Vlad and Petri discuss the week's top developer news, including; [00:30] Microsoft open sources PowerShell, brings it to Linux and OS X [Frederic Lardinois], https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell, [Official Blog Post] PowerShell on Linux and Open Source!, [Post from Jeffery Snover] ... Diagnose and resolve issues with Azure Troubleshooting At Azure Support, our aim is to help you in your cloud journey, all the way from initial experimentation to running production workloads on Azure with confidence. Software fails, hardware breaks and you can run into issues when trying new things. That's why it's important that you're able to diagnose and resolve issues quickly. To support those efforts, the Azure Support team is pleased to share features in the management portal to help you diagnose and resolve issues, find authoritative troubleshooting resources (tools, guided steps and articles) and easily get additional help as needed.... Getting Started with Visual Studio - Tips & Tricks Get started with Visual Studio by learning some features that will help you be more productive. ... Getting Started with Visual Studio - Installing Visual Studio extensions Get started with Visual Studio by learning about additional extensions you can install, like the GitHub or Web Essentials extension. ... Run PowerShell Natively on Linux with Docker Have you turned into a skeleton, waiting for an object-oriented shell on Linux, that is easy to use, but is incredibly powerful and extensible? Have you been waiting to run PowerShell on Linux? Do you love Docker software containers? If so, then don't miss this awesome introduction to building your own custom Docker container image, that runs PowerShell natively on Ubuntu Linux! ... PowerShell on Linux and Open Source Continuing the commitment to enable an open and flexible platform that meets customers where they are, Microsoft has now open sourced PowerShell and made it available on Linux and macOS. Matt McSpirit, Technical Evangelist is joined by Jeffrey Snover, inventor of PowerShell, who shares the details of these announcements with hands-on demos from a range of special guests. ... Episode 118: Live from That Conference 2016 Part 2 Carl interviews some amazing guests live at That Conference. You won't want to miss it. ... Azure Data Lake: PowerShell, CLI, SDKs, and APIs It's a pleasure welcoming Matthew Hicks to the Data Exposed show this week! Matthew is a PM in the Big Data team and is in the studio to talk about the breadth of functionality available in Azure Data Lake Store and Analytics SDKs and APIs for Windows, Mac, and Linux. The goal is to provide developers with the same set of functionality that you find in the portal, including account management, data sources, compute, and much more. ... ASP.NET Monsters #59: The Razor View Engine with Taylor Mullen In today's episode, we learn about Razor from special guest Taylor Mullen. Taylor works for Microsoft on the ASP.NET team where he works on the Razor view engine. Regardless of whether or not you've been on MVC for some time, or if you've continued on with Web Forms, chances are you seen or worked with Razor. Further odds suggest that you may have learned syntax, but a lot of folks ... Defrag: We're Back (again), New or Old Studio (You Decide), Windows 10 Anniversary and more... Microsoft tech troubleshooter extraordinaire Gov Maharaj and I help walk you through troubleshooting solutions to your tech support problems. If you have a problem you want to send us, you can use the Problem Step Recorder in Windows (see this for details on how) and send us the zip file to DefragShow@microsoft.com. We will also be checking comments for problems, but the email address will let us contact you if needed. ... User Profiling Based on Various Data Sources for Personalized Services Personalization has gained a lot of attractions both from academia and industry, being specific in the applications of recommendation systems. There are a lot other applications or services involving personalization. User profiling helps extracting personalized information for those services, where information retrieval is done to build a separate user profile for individual user and the profile can effectively identify user's interest domain or behavior patterns. The main objective of ... Resume-job matching and extension for document matching How to find the best candidate for a job position (or vice versa) from a pool of millions of candidate documents? This task is much harder than we thought, given the daunting amount of unstructured content and the complex nature of the search problem. We used machine learning and Cortana Analytics Suite to help our client unlock the value of big data. More specifically, we developed and operationalized an end-to-end solution that mines super complex unstructured data about candidates and position specifications, and then learns the patterns of good matches. ... Seth plays against USA Table Tennis Olympian, Erica Wu Behind the scenes: see Seth Juarez be humiliated by Microsoft intern and USA Table Tennis Olympian, Erica Wu. Full interview coming up later this week. Let’s celebrate Join us under the stars in Centennial Olympic Park, in the heart of Atlanta, for a Microsoft Celebration unlike any other. Mouthwatering aromas of abundant cookouts, the clamor of summer games, and the lively beat of outdoor music. Jump into old-fashioned summer camp activities—or grab a drink, hang out, and do some "glamping." Your choice ... Tuesdays with Corey Azure Functions Part 2 - Expanded Demo Corey Sanders, Director of Program Management on the Microsoft Azure Compute team talks with Chris Anderson - one of the brains on the team behind Azure Functions. We figured Corey needed a "re-do" on the Azure Functions session, so we found ourselves an expert! ... Using Azure Notification Hubs from a Xamarin.Android Application Den Delimarsky shows how to use Azure Notification Hubs from a Xamarin.Android application. ... Using Temporal in SQL Server 2016 and Azure SQL Database In this episode of Data Exposed Scott welcomes back to the show Jovan Popovic to the show, Program Managers in the SQL Server group. Today Jovan is in the studio all the way from the Microsoft offices in Serbia to show how to use Temporal in SQL Server 2016. ... ASP.NET Monsters #58: Nginx, Kestrel and SSL In an earlier episode we explored how to use Nginx to front a Kestrel server. In this episode we will explore adding SSL and HTTP 2 using Let's Encrypt for a free certificate.  ... Thank you to all who registered, we're sold out! We're looking forward to a full house in Atlanta this September! Microsoft Ignite is now at capacity and is officially sold out; thank you to all who registered! Not able to join us in Atlanta? Then help us kick off the event by joining online at http://ignite.microsoft.com on Monday, September 26 at 8:30 AM ET ... Intel and Microsoft Discuss Software Defined Infrastructure Find out how you can get more for your money, faster time and velocity of new services and faster payback for software and hardware investments through Software Defined Infrastructure. Microsoft and Intel have developed many new and upcoming innovations to enable unique and complementary Software Defined Infrastructure scenarios. Join Intel and Microsoft as they provide an overview of SDI innovations and use cases for consideration. ... Windows App Studio UWP from No Code to Code Join MVP Russ Fustino and all of the Fustino Brothers in this live studio audience session recorded recently at the Tampa Code Camp. They present a deep dive into Microsoft Windows App Studio. It is a hot off the metal session. Building universal Windows apps with no code using Microsoft App Studio. It's all about creating quality apps quickly using templates. The enhanced App Studio (now for Windows 10) gives you a great start. Use the new Universal Windows Platform (UWP) - one binary, one project for phone and tablet. Employ new the pivot control API's for YouTube and Flickr integration. Deploy ads easier. And wrap-up a responsive website in an app. ... 80 - Pokeball Darwin Banana It's time for another LiveStream Episode of the Patch and Switch show!!! Two IT guys (Patch and Switch) who are talking about whatever comes up. Can you say Tangent! Ultimately it's the Chat Room where everyone hangs out and contributes to the show, so make sure to load it up during the LiveStream!  ... Episode 117: Live from That Conference 2016 This is the first episode of two where Carl interviews some amazing guests live at That Conference. You won't want to miss it. Also, Brandon joins Carl for the news. ... 2016-08-10 | DX: Using Containers for Agile Scalable Releases 2016-08-10 | DX: Using Containers for Agile Scalable Releases ... Defrag Tools #166 - Performance Analysis of UWP Apps In this episode of Defrag Tools, Sylvain Goyette joins Chad Beeder to discuss performance tracing of Universal Windows Platform (UWP) apps. ... Energy Demand Forecasting Template with SQL Server R Services Hong Lu, a data scientist at Microsoft, talked about how to use SQL Server R Services to do electricity demand forecasting. The SQL Server R Services available in SQL Server 2016 brings new opportunities to perform in-database advanced analytics. The Energy Demand Forecasting Template with SQL Server R Services demonstrates how to use SQL Server R Services ... Big Data, Multivariate, Window based Feature Engineering using Microsoft R Server IoT data is characterized by long time signals recorded from multiple sensors at the same time. Such sensors are utilized to monitor intricate systems and machine learning can be used to understand complex patterns of sensor data (called features) and their association with events of interest like failures or abnormal system behaviors (prediction labels). ... Follow @CH9 Follow @gduncan411 Tag: C9 More episodes in this series Last Week on Channel 9: August 8th - August 14th, 2016 Last Week on Channel 9: August 22nd - August 28th, 2016 Related episodes C9Team Last Week on Channel 9: November 14th - November 20th, 2016 C9Team Last Week on Channel 9: November 7th - November 12th, 2016 C9Team Last Week on Channel 9: October 31st - November 6th, 2016 C9Team Last Week on Channel 9: October 24th - October 30th, 2016 C9Team Last Week on Channel 9: October 17th - October 23rd, 2016 C9Team Last Week on Channel 9: October 10th - October 16th, 2016 C9Team Last Week on Channel 9: October 3rd - October 9th, 2016 C9Team Last Week on Channel 9: September 26th - October 2nd, 2016 C9Team Last Week on Channel 9: September 19th - September 25th, 2016 C9Team Last Week on Channel 9: September 12th - September 18th, 2016 The Discussion Comments closed Comments have been closed since this content was published more than 30 days ago, but if you'd like to continue the conversation, please create a new thread in our Forums, or Contact Us and let us know. Email Twitter Facebook RSS About Authors Speakers Tags Contact Us English Code of Conduct Terms of Service Privacy Statement © 2016 Microsoft. Microsoft reserves all rights associated with the materials on this site.
null
Video Login Aktivitäten Meine Daten Logout Politik Finanzen Wissen Gesundheit Kultur Panorama Sport Digital Reisen Auto Regional Immobilien Alle Videos aus Politik Alle Videos aus Finanzen Alle Videos aus Wissen Alle Videos aus Gesundheit Alle Videos aus Kultur Alle Videos aus Panorama Alle Videos aus Sport Alle Videos aus Digital Alle Videos aus Reisen Alle Videos aus Auto Alle Videos aus Regional Nachrichten Alle Videos aus Immobilien Alle Videos aus FOCUS-ONLINE-FAMILIE .   Blaues Smartphone: Neue Fotos zeigen, warum das iPhone 7 das schönste iPhone aller Zeiten wird HD SD Video bewerten Danke für Ihre Bewertung! 5 Neue provokante Äußerungen "Kein heiliger Text": Erdogan stellt Grenzvertrag infrage - Griechen entsetzt Demokratische Überzeugungsarbeit Abkommen unterzeichnet: So könnte Hillary Clinton doch Präsidentin werden Unfassbare Geschichte in Stockholm Briten halten Obdachlose für Maddie McCann - dann spricht ein schwedischer Vater Nummernschilder erhitzen Gemüter Expertin sicher: In Edekas Weihnachts-Werbespot sind Nazi-Codes versteckt „Paralleljustiz hat sich etabliert“ Nach furchtbarer Tat von Hameln: CDU-Politiker Bosbach prangert Scharia-Ehen an Düstere Prognose Experte sagt voraus: Apple steht ein Jahrzehnt des Niedergangs bevor Wartezeit gekürzt WhatsApp schafft endlich nervige Funktion ab - und macht Chats damit schneller Schützen Sie Ihre Daten! Viren-Experten warnen: Diese Gefahren drohen Ihrem Computer 2017 wirklich Korruption, Betrug, Manipulation Fatale Folgen: Programmierer berichten, welche illegalen Codes ihre Chefs verlangten Generaldebatte im Bundestag „Schande, Schande!“-Rufe im Parlament: Merkel warnt kritische Zwischenruferin Live-Tracking Google hat ein neues Echtzeit-Feature - doch damit sind viele gar nicht glücklich Amazon-Deal zur Cyberweek Doch Sie müssen etwas beachten: Amazon bietet beliebtesten Kindle günstig an wie nie Aktion gestartet Fast 50 Euro sparen: Diese Bluetooth-Lautsprecher hat Amazon im Cyberweek-Angebot Cyberweek-Angebote Das Amazon-Angebot zum Sony Xperia X ist nur unter einer Bedingung ein Schnäppchen "Touch-Desease" und Akku-Probleme Diese Geräte sind betroffen: Apple tauscht Batterien von iPhone 6s kostenlos aus Schärfe-Effekt bei Fotos Für diese Funktion brauchen Sie ein iPhone für 1000 Euro oder eben eine App Zur Startseite Nochmal abspielen Startseite Teilen Kommentare E-Mail Mehr Twitter Feedback Nachricht hinterlassen Anrede Herr Frau Vorname Nachname E-Mail-Adresse Worum handelt es sich? Bitte auswählen Redaktioneller Fehler Technisches Problem Lob/Kritik Sonstiges Wie können wir helfen? Schließen Fehler melden Sie haben einen Fehler gefunden? Bitte markieren Sie die entsprechenden Wörter im Text. Mit nur zwei Klicks melden Sie den Fehler der Redaktion. WhatsApp schafft endlich nervige Funktion ab - und macht Chats damit schneller Experte sagt voraus: Apple steht ein Jahrzehnt des Niedergangs bevor Drittes Postfach: Warum Sie garantiert noch ungelesene Facebook-Nachrichten haben Viren-Experten warnen: Diese Gefahren drohen Ihrem Computer 2017 wirklich Diese Mathe-Lehrerin wird zum Netzhit - aber nicht wegen ihrer Kompetenz So lädt Ihr Smartphone-Akku endlich wieder richtig Google hat ein neues Echtzeit-Feature - doch damit sind viele gar nicht glücklich Windows 10 bremst Internet: So schalten Sie die fiese Funktion ab Viele Programme vermüllen Ihre Festplatte – so schützen Sie sich Wirklich kinderleicht: So können Sie WhatsApp ohne SIM-Karte benutzen Fatale Folgen: Programmierer berichten, welche illegalen Codes ihre Chefs verlangten Doch Sie müssen etwas beachten: Amazon bietet beliebtesten Kindle günstig an wie nie Fast 50 Euro sparen: Diese Bluetooth-Lautsprecher hat Amazon im Cyberweek-Angebot Mit diesem Trick haben Sie nie wieder schlechten Internet-Empfang Wenn Sie diese beiden Apps löschen, wird Ihr Smartphone sofort schneller So synchronisieren Sie SIM-Kontakte und Google-Konto Versteckte Kamera: Sex ist eben doch eine Frage des Geldes Betrüger schicken falsche WhatsApp-Nachrichten und plündern Ihr Konto Ganz Deutschland sucht die Funktion: So funktionieren Video-Telefonate bei WhatsApp So retten Sie Ihr nasses Handy Enthüllt: Darum dauert die Schlummerfunktion auf dem iPhone genau neun Minuten Achtung! Fallen Sie nicht auf diese WhatsApp-Nachricht herein! Wenn Sie dieses WhatsApp-Video abspielen, schädigen Sie dauerhaft ihren iPhone-Akku Darauf müssen Sie beim Display-Tausch Ihres iPhone 6 achten Lidl hat seinem Thermomix-Konkurrent ein Update verpasst – doch ist er wirklich besser? Video-Hit: "Ich habe große Brüste und mag Politik" Wenn Sie Windows 10 nutzen, müssen Sie jetzt eine altbekannte Funktion umstellen Anwalt erklärt: Mit diesem Trick können Sie Musik legal von Youtube downloaden Darum sollten Sie Ihren iPhone-Akku niemals auf 100 Prozent aufladen Bares Geld sparen: So schneiden Sie Ihre SIM-Karte selbst in Nano-SIM-Format Günstig wie nie: Das neue Lenovo Yoga im Test Schon für 2017: Samsung plant erste echte Smartphone-Innovation seit dem iPhone 1 Das Amazon-Angebot zum Sony Xperia X ist nur unter einer Bedingung ein Schnäppchen Datenklau! So löschen Sie Ihr iPhone richtig! Bewaffneter Dackel übt sich als Jagdhund und macht keine schlechte Figur Highlight ausgeplaudert: Verrät der Sharp-Chef hier ein neues iPhone-8-Geheimnis? Gleichzeitig Hören und Laden beim iPhone 7? Das ist Apples ungeheurer Vorschlag So können Sie zwei WhatsApp-Accounts auf einem Handy nutzen Dank einer neuen Google-App können Sie sich ein teures Bürogerät jetzt sparen So umgehen Sie die GEMA-Sperre! Expertin sicher: In Edekas Weihnachts-Werbespot sind Nazi-Codes versteckt „Schande, Schande!“-Rufe im Parlament: Merkel warnt kritische Zwischenruferin "Kein heiliger Text": Erdogan stellt Grenzvertrag infrage - Griechen entsetzt Nach furchtbarer Tat von Hameln: CDU-Politiker Bosbach prangert Scharia-Ehen an Abkommen unterzeichnet: So könnte Hillary Clinton doch Präsidentin werden Briten halten Obdachlose für Maddie McCann - dann spricht ein schwedischer Vater Wenn Sie Ihre Toilette nur ein Mal die Woche putzen, werden Sie krank Schneepyramiden in der Antarktis entdeckt - muss die Geschichte umgeschrieben werden? Sündenfall Lahm: Ancelotti stellt als erster Bayern-Trainer den Kapitän infrage FOCUS-Online-Leser hoffnungslos: "Wir haben den Traum vom Eigenheim aufgegeben" Im Internet tauchen fast täglich neue Fotos auf die Bauteile oder Design des neuen iPhone aufzeigen sollen. Nun sind besonders hochwertige Fotos aufgetaucht, die das neue Smartphone in blau zeigen. Es wirkt als würde Apple damit mal wieder ein Coup gelingen. Mehr Videos von Chip.de finden Sie hier.  Bestes Angebot auf BestCheck.de Im Video: So finden Sie heraus, welche Orte sehr belebt sind CHIP/Wochit Neues Feature freigeschaltet: Keine Lust auf Menschenmassen? So erkennen Sie belebte Orte bei Google Maps tmo iPhone Apple Smartphone Vielen Dank! Ihr Kommentar wurde abgeschickt. Im Interesse unserer User behalten wir uns vor, jeden Beitrag vor der Veröffentlichung zu prüfen. Als registrierter Nutzer werden Sie automatisch per E-Mail benachrichtigt, wenn Ihr Kommentar freigeschaltet wurde. Eilmeldungen als Erster kommentieren? Die wichtigsten Nachrichten verschicken wir direkt als Newsletter an Sie. So verpassen Sie keine Diskussion mehr. EILMELDUNG Ja, ich möchte Eilmeldungen per E-Mail erhalten Bestellen Video kommentieren Logout | Netiquette | AGB Bitte loggen Sie sich vor dem Kommentieren ein Login Logout Überschrift Kommentar-Text Schreiben Sie hier Ihren Kommentar zum Artikel: Blaues Smartphone Neue Fotos zeigen, warum das iPhone 7 das schönste iPhone aller Zeiten wird Sie haben noch 800 Zeichen übrig Benachrichtigung bei nachfolgenden Kommentaren und Antworten zu meinem Kommentar Abschicken Leser-Kommentare (3) huawei p9 Kopie..... von vinny fischer 24.08.2016 Wenn ich ein leistungsstarkes und absolut schickes Phone haben will und nicht IOS unbedingt brauche, nehme ich aktuell das huawei p9, für ein Drittel vom iPhone Preis. Das sieht schon lange so aus wie das hier gelobte iPhone 7, innovationslos trifft auf Appell mitlerweilen schon zu. Antwort schreiben Weitere Kommentare (2) Quader mit Display von Stefan Präkelt-Kaselow 22.08.2016 Was kann an einem Smartphone schön sein? Ein Kasten voll Elektronik, mehr ist es doch nicht. Viel Spaß noch mit dem überteuterten Spielzeug. Antwort schreiben Optisch sehr schön von Dietmar Horak 22.08.2016 Doch die grundlegende Technologie im Inneren kommt wahrscheinlich nur wenig voran, sie wird nur in Facetten besser sein. Dies gilt vor allem für das Akku. Ich bin vom iPhone der alten Generation enttäuscht, ich war auch mit dem Apple-Support nicht mehr zufrieden. Antwort schreiben Video 10:35 Uhr 206 Ärger mit besorgten Bürgern Darum verkauft Woolworth in Dortmund keine Weihnachts-Artikel mehrEine Filiale der Kaufhauskette Woolworth in Dortmund hat Weihnachtsartikel aus dem Sortiment genommen. Eine Kassiererin rechtfertigte dies damit, dass sie ein muslimisches Geschäft seien. Tatsächlich war es jedoch keine religiöse, sondern eine marktwirtschaftliche Entscheidung. Video 14:24 Uhr 65 Manipulation in drei Swing States? Paukenschlag! Experten zweifeln Trump-Sieg an – und raten zu NeuauszählungEin Team von Wissenschaftlern meldet nun Zweifel an den Ergebnissen der Präsidentschaftswahl an. Der Grund: Auffälligkeiten in gleich drei entscheidenden Swing States. Profiteur der Vielleicht-Manipulation ist Donald Trump – der möglicherweise ansonsten die Wahlen gar nicht gewonnen hätte. Video 20:06 Uhr 1 "Das sorgt für Konzentrationsmängel" Matthäus nennt Gründe für Bayerns Negativtrend - und bewertet BVB-Pleite positivBeim FC Bayern läuft es nicht rund. TV-Experte Lothar Matthäus analysiert die Schwächephase der Münchner, Kritik an Carlo Ancelotti und ein Lob für Ex-Coach Pep Guardiola inklusive. Der Niederlage bei Borussia Dortmund kann der Weltmeister was Positives abgewinnen. Video 06.10.2016 7 Wirkt wie freundliche Spielerei Fieser Taschendieb-Trick: Opfer berichtet von Fußball-MascheKriminelle haben viele Maschen, mit denen sie ihren Opfern Wertgegenstände klauen: Ein Betroffener aus Berlin hat über sein Erlebnis berichtet. Was zunächst wie eine freundliche Spielerei wirkte, endete für ihn mit einer bösen Erkenntnis. Video 17:07 Uhr 10 USS Zumwalt Teuerstes Kriegsschiff der Welt kommt plötzlich nicht mehr von der StelleDie Produktionskosten von über 4 Milliarden US-Dollar machen die USS Zumwalt zum teuersten Zerstörer, den die US Navy jemals gebaut hat. Doch auch diese Wahnsinnssumme konnte das Kriegsschiff nicht vor einem technischen Defekt bewahren. Video Cyber-Monday-Woche gestartet Bis zu 50 Prozent sparen: Mit diesem Trick verpassen Sie kein Amazon-AngebotVom 23. bis 30. November gibt es im Rahmen der Cyber-Monday-Woche bei Amazon wieder knallhart reduzierte Schnäppchen. Das Problem: Die Angebote sind zeitlich begrenzt. Mit einem Trick werden Sie trotzdem kein Angebot verpassen. Video 16.11.2016 3 Verbraucherschützer sehen Gefahr Kunden sind heiß auf Amazons Schnäppchen - doch Experten warnen bereitsIm Zuge der Angebote um den Black Friday herum, können Online-Shopper viel Geld sparen. Doch sie sollten aufpassen: Teils stecken hinter vermeintlichen Schnäppchen echte Mogelpackungen. Wie Sie diese erkennen, sehen Sie hier. Focus-Heft-Abo    RSS    Widgets    Newsletter    Archiv    Sitemap    Kontakt    Datenschutzerklärung    AGB    Inserieren    Impressum    Über unsere Werbung Persönlicher Newsletter Fotocredits: FOCUS Online/Wochit (31), NonstopNews (2), Bundestag, J.H. TÖNNJES E.A.S., Wochit, Mimikama.at, dpa/Jens Büttner, dpa/Peter Kneffel, dpa/Shawn Thew, Screenshot/ZDF, gebrueder beetz filmproduktion , dpa/Matthias Balk, FOCUS Online/Wochit, Google Maps, dpa/Franziska Gabbert (2), dpa/Bodo Marks, imago/Ulmer, dpa/Joel Carrett, dpa/Swen Pförtner, dpa/Andrea Warnecke (4), ADAC (2), dpa/Ralf Hirschberger/Symbol, dpa/Nicolas Armer, YouTube / Sharing news about missing people on social media, dpa/AMK, imago (3), Google, dpa/Ingo Wagner (2), FOL, Polizei Bochum, gettyimages, FOCUS Online (10), dpa/Sebastian Willnow, Bit Projects, YouTube/DerekDeso, YouTube, Bit Projects, dpa/Rainer Jensen, AP, Crusoe the Celebrity Dachshund, dpa/F. von Erichsen, dpa/Jens Wolf, dpa/Daniel Reinhardt, YouTube / Jet Capsule, dpa/Axel Heimken, ddp images (2), Amazon, Bundesarchiv, Lidl, © RTL II/Magdalena Possert, easy camera / Shutterstock.com, imago/Jan Huebner, dpa/Hannibal, Nicky Tučková, dpa/Maysun, Opel, instagram fault_magazin, dpa/Amazon, dpa/Arne Dedert, dpa/Tatyana Zenkovich, CHIP (5), dpa (9), dpa/Armin Weigel, dpa/Uli Deck, dpa/Karl-Josef Hildenbrand, Sony, dpa/Joel Carrett/Symbolbild, mirtmirt / shutterstock.com, dpa/Patrick Pleul/ Archiv, imago/ActionPictures, dpa/Bernd von Jutrczenka, dpa/Malte Christians, Max Spies, dpa/Zoo/Tierpark Berlin, Huffington Post/Wochit (5), Huffington Post, Imago, wochit, Kickstarter, Bitprojects, dpa / Facebook Ennesto Monté, dpa/Christoph Dernbach, Screenshot, dpa/Jens Kalaene, GoAnimate, dpa (Symbolbild), Jukin Media, Sinan Özturk Alle Inhalte, insbesondere die Texte und Bilder von Agenturen, sind urheberrechtlich geschützt und dürfen nur im Rahmen der gewöhnlichen Nutzung des Angebots vervielfältigt, verbreitet oder sonst genutzt werden. FOCUS Online Nachrichten © FOCUS Online 1996-2016
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Black Friday Deals Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: Black Friday Deals Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / Computing / Laptop / HP Pavilion x360 15-bk062sa HP Pavilion x360 15-bk062sa review 0 shares Read Comments By Edward Chester Updated: 22 August 2016 1 of 11 Summary Our Score: 7 Page 1: Design, Performance and Verdict 11 Pictures Pros Fetching, bold design Good performance and decent battery life IPS screen Cons Screen not bright enough for reflective coating 360-degree hinge of limited benefit on large laptop Slow hard disk Best Deals for HP Pavilion x360 15-bk062sa Key Features 360-degree hinge with glass touchscreen 15.6-inch 1920 x 1080 IPS display Intel Core i3-6100U 8GB of RAM 1TB hard drive Weight: 2.3kg Manufacturer: HP Review Price: £479.99 What is the HP Pavilion x360 15-bk062sa? This is a low-cost, entry-level laptop aimed at first-time buyers or students, just like with the HP Pavilion 15-au072sa. However, it takes a slightly different tack, adding a touchscreen and a 360-degree hinge to turn it into a giant convertible laptop/tablet. Along with this you get a higher-spec 1080p screen that uses IPS technology. That means it’s £80 more expensive than its sibling, but you get a considerably more versatile machine for your cash. HP Pavilion x360 15-bk062sa – Design and Features Although a convertible, this is still a fairly typical 15.6-inch laptop with dimensions of 23.9 x 382 x 250mm and a weight of 2.3kg. Certainly it’s hefty enough that you’ll want a rucksack to carry it around in, not a shoulder bag. If you’re a fan of bold colour schemes, though, then the 15-au072sa should be right up your street. On the outside it’s all metallic red, while the interior has a great contrasting matte-black finish. Related: Best Laptops The act of flipping it around is made a bit more difficult than it should be, though. The screen is held against the keyboard by magnets, and although they’re not particularly powerful, it’s difficult to grip the two parts of the laptop to prize them apart because the edges of the casing are so rounded. And no, the little tab on the front edge of the screen section doesn’t help all that much. BUY NOW: HP Pavilion x360 15-bk062sa for £479.99 from Currys.co.uk Otherwise build quality is decent. The hinges hold the screen securely in place, no matter what position it’s set to, and there are no creaks or groans when you poke and prod the rest of the laptop. Likewise the keyboard is more than acceptable. It doesn't flex or wobble too much when typing, and the key action is nicely defined, so you’re always sure when you’ve pressed a key properly. The layout is also good, with plenty of space, and there’s even room for a numpad. However, like the HP 15-au072sa's keyboard, the layout here is US-style, with some of the keys being slightly different shapes and in odd places compared to a normal UK keyboard. You’ll soon get used to it if it’s your only computer, but it could be a slight annoyance if you’re used to a proper UK layout. As for the trackpad, it’s also pretty good. It’s nice and large, your fingers glide easily across its surface and tracking is accurate. The single click-anywhere button takes a bit more effort than the best, but overall it's still easy to use. One thing you won’t find in its usual place alongside the keyboard and trackpad is the power button, which has been moved to the left side. This is so it’s still accessible when the screen is flipped around into tablet or tent mode. Likewise there’s a volume rocker here and a Windows button on the right edge. Also around the sides are three USB ports (2 x USB 3.0, 1 x USB 2.0), a full-size HDMI, an Ethernet network port, an SD card reader and a headphone/microphone combi socket. That’s a perfectly reasonable selection that’ll mean you seldom need an adapter or obscure cable to hook things up. You do miss out on the DVD/RW drive of the 15-au072sa, though, so if you still use CDs and DVDs this isn’t the machine for you. Or you could just buy an external optical disc drive. Inside you get 802.11ac Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.2, so you’re all set for the latest wireless tech. An Intel Core i3-6100U processor lies at the heart of the Pavilion x360, and it comes with Intel’s HD Graphics 520. It’s also joined by 8GB of RAM and a 1TB hard drive. That hard drive will feel slow compared to more typical convertible laptops that tend to use SSD storage, but for the price of this machine it’s to be expected. HP Pavilion x360 15-bk062sa – Screen and Audio HP has equipped the 15-bk062sa with a 1080p screen, so you get plenty of pixels making up a sharp-looking display. At that full resolution some may find text and icons look a little small, but you can use Windows’ scaling options to enlarge everything a bit. It’s also an IPS LCD panel, rather than the cheaper TN type. That means it has much better image quality when viewed from an angle, as you can see in the images below. HP 15-au072sa with a TN display (left) and HP 15-bk062sa with an IPS display However, it’s not perfect. The main issue is the combination of a highly reflective glass touchscreen and the relatively low maximum brightness of 244nits. Many laptops offer up to 300-350nits, while something like the iPad – which also has to overcome a reflective touchscreen – pumps out 450nits. Otherwise it’s a pretty decent display for the money. You get a great contrast ratio of 1,307:1, which means things like films and pictures are really brought to life, as you can see bright colours at the same time as deep, dark colours. Lesser displays can look grey and washed out. SRGB colour space coverage of 62.3% shows it certainly isn’t a display up there with the best, but to expect more for the money would be churlish. However, I would hope for a bit more from this laptop’s speakers. They’re incredibly weak and tinny, and the B&O software enhancements can only do so much to squeeze a little more life out of them. Anything louder than whisper-quiet listening quickly becomes shrill and fatiguing. HP Pavilion x360 15-bk062sa – Performance Overall performance of this laptop is absolutely fine. The Intel Core i3-6100U rattles through any task you throw at it with ease, such that only those regularly doing heavy work like editing lots of pictures and cutting together videos will find they need more power. This is reflected in a perfectly decent PCMark 8 score of 2,163 and Geekbench 3 scores of 2,317 (single) and 5,013 (multi). It can also cope with some very light 3D gaming – a bit of Minecraft and the like – with a 3DMark score or 42,409. Interestingly, though, all these scores are actually slightly lower than the identically equipped 15-au072sa, suggesting HP has either tweaked the CPU’s settings or that the internal cooling is less effective, so the chip can’t squeeze out as much performance. You’ll hardly notice the difference in normal use, but it's worth bearing in mind. That's a sacrifice for having a convertible machine where there’s a little less room to fit in beefier cooling. As hinted at earlier, the main sticking point when it comes to performance is the hard drive. It’s perfectly okay for a laptop hard drive, and 1TB is plenty of space, but if you’ve ever experienced the faster booting, speedier app-loading and general snappiness that an SSD brings then you’ll find it hard to go back to a hard drive. HP Pavilion x360 15-bk062sa – Battery Life For such a large and low-cost laptop, the 15-bk062sa has surprisingly good battery life. It lasted 7 hours and 23 minutes in our PowerMark test, where we loop 10 minutes of web browsing and 5 minutes of watching video, with Wi-Fi on and the screen brightness set to about 100-150nits (60-80%). That’s just about enough for a working day, or a day of lectures, so you can potentially leave your charger at home. Plus, if you drop the screen brightness right down, you probably can get close to the company’s claimed 9 hours of battery life, though overall I’d say that's rather ambitious. Should I buy the HP Pavilion x360 15-bk062sa? This is an intriguing laptop/tablet hybrid. Frankly, the appeal of such a large touchscreen device is rather lost on me, without there also being an included stylus, or something along those lines that actually makes the touchscreen useful. As it is, if feels like a glorified picture viewer. And without the touchscreen being useful, you’re much better off with a less reflective non-glass screen. All that said, there’s little wrong with the way HP has put this device together. It looks quite smart, ergonomically it all works perfectly well, and you get good performance and battery life. The screen is also perfectly decent for the money. As such, if you see the appeal of a flip-around touchscreen device and you're on a budget, the 15-bk062sa is a decent buy. Related: Best laptops for students Verdict Having a 15.6-inch touchscreen seems a little pointless, but this is otherwise a decent entry-level laptop. BUY NOW: HP Pavilion x360 15-bk062sa for £479.99 from Currys.co.uk This review unit was supplied by Currys Overall Score 7 Scores In Detail Battery Life 8 Build Quality 7 Design 7 Features 7 Heat & Noise 7 Keyboard 7 Performance 7 Screen Quality 7 Touchpad 7 Value 7 Best Deals for HP Pavilion x360 15-bk062sa 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. Ecumenical News ecunews.com Home U.S. world Church Culture Belief Humanitarian Analysis Lifestyle Korean Peninsula Fighting Fake News Iranian Bahá'ís Middle East Christians Venezuela Impasse Climate Change Nov 23, 2016, Updated at 15:36 PM EST Home General 'Surface Book 2' release date, specs and features rumors: Kaby Lake, GTX 980 GPU and Redstone 2 OS? Wendy Lemeric |Tuesday, August 23 2016 Like Us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it (Microsoft.com)Surface Book 2 is rumored to release in late 2016 or early 2017. The Surface Book 2 is said to be one of the products that Microsoft will introduce soon but the release date has yet to be determined. Reports suggest that the new laptop might be available by the end of 2016 or early 2017. This release period will somehow depend on the availability of its processor and operating system. It has been rumored for quite some time that Microsoft will carry the latest chipset offering from Intel, the Kaby Lake processor. Kaby Lake is expected to be available later this year, and if rumors prove to be true, it is highly likely that the Surface Book 2 will be available around the same time with the chipset on board. Given that the laptop will run on a Kaby Lake chipset, it could come with 4K and 3D graphics support. There is also the possibility that Microsoft will release the device in 2017. The Surface Book 2 is said to carry the Windows 10 Redstone 2 operating system and this update will reportedly be available in spring next year. PC-Tablet also reported that the Surface Book 2 will have a Nvidia GeForce GTX 980 graphics processing unit (GPU). This GPU supports Intel Realsense camera, USB Type-C connection and Thunderbolt 3. All these features should contribute to faster data transfers. When it comes to design, the new laptop is likely to be thinner compared to its predecessor. There was even a mention that the device will come with a full-metal unibody. A better and more efficient battery pack is also expected. There's also a lot of talk on the hinge mechanism of the device, which is rumored to get a significant revamp so it will not leave an awkward gap once the laptop is closed. There seems to be a lot of rumors and speculations regarding Surface Book 2. Avid Microsoft fans should note though that the company hasn't confirmed any of them yet. With that said, all reports should be taken with a grain of salt until Microsoft gives out the official news. Copyright © 2016 Ecumenical News Like Us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it RECOMMENDED Ukrainian conflict East Europe's worst crisis since World War 2, says archbishop S. African priest who resisted witchcraft on path to Catholic sainthood First black presiding bishop installed at Episcopal Church USA Churches unite in call for United States to confront racism Pentecostal Church in Chile celebrates Christian unity at ecumenical service News from General Boston Celtics free agency, trade rumors 2016: Impact player search done with Al Horford's emergence? Dallas Mavericks trade rumors 2016: Magic's Nikola Vučević key to save failing season? Sacramento Kings free agency, trade rumors 2016: Rudy Gay's fiery start improves chances of staying? 'Final Fantasy 15' news: Learn more about what Chocobos can do inside the game 'Final Fantasy 7 Remake' rumors: Should fans be concerned about lack of new information regarding the game? Most Popular FAO and Vatican denounce illegal fishing and forced labor on the high seas Western marriage laws clash with 'moral human nature,' says Russian Orthodox Patriarch It's wrong to say ISIS has nothing to do with Islam, says Archbishop of Canterbury Full text: Justin Welby's address on Europe's future and dealing with religious extremism International church leaders call for reopening of North Korea industrial zone UN condemns Iran's harassment of its religious monitories, particularly Bahá'ís Google and Facebook fake news scandal during US election also entangled Pope Francis Tweets by @EcumenicalNews Ecumenical News ©2016 All rights resesrved About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms of Service Privacy Policy X
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > MarketsandMarkets Tweet   Compare and Evaluate Mobile Application Security Vendors Through MarketsandMarkets DIVE Report Vendor DIVE: Mobile Application Security Q4 2015 covers the comprehensive study of the key vendors offering solutions for mobile application security (EMAILWIRE.COM, August 22, 2016 ) The report "Vendor Comparison in Mobile Application Security, 2015: MnM DIVE Matrix", The report excludes the vendors that offer only services in the mobile application security market, such as Intel Security (McAfee), Trustwave, Dell SecureWorks, MobileIron, and others. Browse 54 pages and in-depth TOC on Vendor Comparison in Mobile Application Security, 2015: MnM DIVE Matrix Download PDF Brochure - http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownload.asp?id=112076041 MarketsandMarkets released its Vendor DIVE report on mobile application security, Q4 2015. The report covers the comprehensive study of the key vendors offering solutions for mobile application security. The report outlines the findings and analysis on how well each mobile application security vendor performs within the criteria. The Vendor DIVE helps vendors to get detailed information regarding their competitors on the basis of their product offerings and business strategies. This report is instrumental in helping the stakeholders such as mobile application security vendors, system integrators, value-added resellers, and other channel partners, in making concurrent business choices on the deployment of mobile application security solutions. Vendor Landscape Most of the vendors provide a complete mobile application security suite inclusive of multiple testing techniques, be it Static Application Security Testing (SAST), Dynamic Application Security Testing (DAST), or Interactive Application Security Testing (IAST). These vendors are competing to provide an innovative combination of testing techniques to the end users to address the rising concern about mobile application security. They focus on critical features, such as behavioral analysis, binary code analysis, and proactive testing, to deploy robust application security mechanisms for mobile applications. The following vendors are included in the report: 1. IBM 2. HP 3. WhiteHat Security 4. Veracode 5. Checkmarx 6. Cigital 7. Rapid7 8. Pradeo 9. Appthority 10. Arxan Technologies Vendor DIVE Methodology The Vendor DIVE methodology involves extensive research to identify the key vendors offering mobile application security solutions. A comprehensive list of mobile application security vendors was prepared, through secondary research referring to annual reports, press releases and investor presentations of companies, white papers, directories, and databases. Based on their breadth of product offering, organization size, and other selection criteria, the list was narrowed down to select the key 10 vendors. During the production cycle of the report, in-depth interviews were conducted with various primary respondents, which include key opinion leaders, subject matter experts, directors, and C-level executives of selected mobile application security vendors to obtain and verify critical qualitative and quantitative information. This primary data was collected mainly through questionnaires, mails, and telephonic interviews. Scoring Methodology After completion of the data gathering and verification process, the scores and weightage for the shortlisted vendors against each parameter were finalized. Based on the extensive secondary and primary research, each criterion for the selected vendors was scored on the scale ranging from 0 to 10. After the ratings were finalized, each vendor was placed in the Vendor DIVE matrix based on their score in product offering and business strategy in the mobile application security market. Inquiry - http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Enquiry_Before_Buying.asp?id=112076041 About MarketsandMarkets MarketsandMarkets is the largest market research firm worldwide in terms of annually published premium market research reports. Serving 1700 global fortune enterprises with more than 1200 premium studies in a year, M&M is catering to a multitude of clients across 8 different industrial verticals. We specialize in consulting assignments and business research across high growth markets, cutting edge technologies and newer applications. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the "Growth Engagement Model  GEM". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write "Attack, avoid and defend" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. M&Ms flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, "RT" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. The new included chapters on Methodology and Benchmarking presented with high quality analytical infographics in our reports gives complete visibility of how the numbers have been arrived and defend the accuracy of the numbers. We at MarketsandMarkets are inspired to help our clients grow by providing apt business insight with our huge market intelligence repository. Contact Information: MarketsandMarkets Mr. Rohan Tel: 1-888-600-6441 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016

Sponsored StoryPlus Sponsored Features Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers Jobs Jobs Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Deaths iNotices.ie Deaths FIT Fit magazine Events Magazine Hotels Archive Deals Subscribe Digital Edition Home Delivery Newsletters Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos 1916 Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Media & Marketing Commercial Property Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Life City Cycling Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Home & Garden Homes Interiors Gardens Home Property Videos Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Top 10s Ireland Europe World/USA Family Sun Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals Video Podcasts Search Go Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Contact Email User News Going to College Wednesday 23 November 2016 Top five gadgets to help you through college Are you armed with the best tech to negotiate the new term? Adrian Weckler looks at the best laptops, tablets, headphones and smartphones to keep students powered up this year Adrian Weckler Twitter Email Published 22/08/2016 | 06:00 0 Comments Share Top five gadgets to help you through college Independent.ie 1. Sony h.ear 100ABN, Price: €249 from Littlewoods http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/education/going-to-college/top-five-gadgets-to-help-you-through-college-34983165.html http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/education/going-to-college/article34983161.ece/7eafb/AUTOCROP/h342/2016-08-22_iri_23913133_I2.JPG Email Sony h.ear 100ABN, €249 from Littlewoods 1. Sony h.ear 100ABN, Price: €249 from Littlewoods Share Top five gadgets to help you through college Independent.ie 1. Sony h.ear 100ABN, Price: €249 from Littlewoods http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/education/going-to-college/top-five-gadgets-to-help-you-through-college-34983165.html http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/education/going-to-college/article34983161.ece/7eafb/AUTOCROP/h342/2016-08-22_iri_23913133_I2.JPG Email Go To Comments There's more to good headphones than Beats. These over-ear cans from Sony look great and perform superbly. Because they're noise-cancelling headphones, they also act as a superb buffer against external disruption when you're trying to study. They're light and padded, which adds to their comfort on your head over long periods. They have quick-access buttons (volume, pause, forward, back) which stop you having to take your phone out of your pocket so often when listening to music. These buttons also include an on-off switch for the noise-cancelling feature, which gives you options for battery life. They fold up tightly enough to fit into a large coat pocket or a modestly-sized compartment in an average bag Apple iPad Pro 13 (€899 from PC World) 2. Apple iPad Pro 13, Price: €899 from PC World I'm including Apple's top-end iPad here because productivity iPads can now perform at the same level as laptops for most tasks. And this iPad is just as powerful with a gorgeous 13-inch screen. It also works brilliantly with a couple of custom keyboards, not least Apple's own Smart Keyboard. The iPad Pro has a few other major advantages over laptops. First, it's more portable and generally lighter, meaning you can pop it in a bag easier. Second, it recharges using an ordinary iPhone Lightning connection. And because of its top-class screen and four stereo speakers, it makes an unrivalled Netflix or movie screen for a generation that barely watch traditional telly anymore. The downside is that it's fairly expensive: the 128GB version costs over €1,200. 3. Acer Chromebook R11, Price: €399 from Argos Acer's R11 convertible touchscreen Chromebook is nicely styled with a usable keyboard and a reasonably bright touchscreen. It's cheap, cheerful and very usable. The laptop's 11.6-inch screen folds over to turn the device into a large tablet, albeit one running on Google's desktop-like Chrome operating system. As it's a Chromebook, the vast majority of its functionality is based on 'cloud' apps like Google Docs - you won't be using this as an anchor device for an iPhone or iPod. There's also the bare minimum of onboard storage with just 16GB available. It has an HDMI port, a couple of USB ports and an SD memory card slot. It's a nice budget laptop option. 4. Dell XPS 13, Price: €1,189 from Dell.ie If you're likely to need a serious, performance-driven laptop that can handle any kind of college project or software variation, Dell's XPS 13 is a pretty good choice. It has excellent power configurations, starting at an Intel i5 chip, 8GB of Ram and 256GB of internal storage memory. The 2k 'full HD' screen is also impressive. But its design is equally of note here: Dell has all but eliminated the screen's bezel to a hair's breadth. This means that what is supposed to be a 13-inch laptop takes up no more space than a 12-inch or 11-inch laptop, with consequent transportation advantages. The loss of the bezel also means that the XPS 13 is incredibly light. (At 1.2kg, it's over 10pc lighter than Apple's skinny 13-inch MacBook Air.) Battery life is good to excellent, at well over seven hours' use. The backlit keyboard is decent and there's plenty of connections of offer, with USB 3, Thunderbolt and a memory card port. 5. Sony xperia E5, Price: €220 sim-free from Argos Sony's new budget Xperia E5 is bright, fairly powerful and has a decent camera. It feels easy to use despite being more than €300 less than many of the phones you're pitched these days. In other words, you can go full-power on Instagram, Facebook, Gmail, Outlook Exchange, Twitter and your media subscriptions without any real loss of performance on a device that's within the price range of almost everybody. The nearest you'll find to a catch is that its 16GB of internal storage isn't really enough these days (although to make up for this, Sony has added a memory card slot for up to 200GB extra). The speaker on the phone is surprisingly good for a budget model, while the five-inch screen just about makes the snazzy standard with 194 pixels per inch. The E5's 2,700mAh battery life is adequate and gets a general user through a full day's use. Acer Chromebook R11 (€339 from Argos) Dell XPS 13 (€1,189 from Dell.ie) Sony Xperia E5 (€220 sim-free from Argos) Irish Independent Follow @Independent_ie Related Content Don't catch 'em all, but some apps help Dos and Don'ts: Making friends with Pokémon Go Read More Tackling the digital divide at home and abroad  Meadhbh McGrath It's been a couple of decades since computers arrived in classrooms, but schools are still getting to grips with how best to utilise them for effective teaching and learning. Camara, a social enterprise founded in 2005, uses technology to improve education in underprivileged communities, in both Ireland and Africa. Steps on learning ladder  Students and parents may have heard phrases such as Level 8 and Level 7, in relation to educational courses after the Leaving Certificate, and may not know what they mean. These are different levels of qualification, and understanding the system is important to the process of applying for, and progressing through, college. Easing the path to college for dyslexic students  Katherine Donnelly The CAO 2017 season has opened and, with it, a window to the dreams and desires of about 60,000 sixth year students. Recommended Videos from Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Tackling the digital divide at home and abroad  Going to College Steps on learning ladder  Going to College 'Strong evidence' election was rigged against Clinton in key states  US Election 2016 Man leaves Irish waiter $750 tip to fly his girlfriend and newborn baby home for Christmas  Irish News The Central Bank has made it easier for first-time buyers with new mortgage lending...  Business Six cars stolen after owners leave engines running to clear ice from windscreens  Irish News Man leaves Irish waiter $750 tip to fly his girlfriend and newborn baby home for Christmas  Irish News 'Strong evidence' election was rigged against Clinton in key states 'You've replaced England as the new whingers of world rugby': New Zealand journalist slams 'ridiculous' Irish media Property porn is back - and it is as big a threat as Trump or Brexit Taoiseach 'left red in face' by heated Cabinet row with Ross on neutrality Promoted articles Editor's Choice Five of the best burger joints in Dublin I was 'burdened' with the task of developing a list of the top 5 places to go Prostate cancer: 'Men are still afraid of going to the doctor in case they hear something they don't want to know' The Left Wing: 'It was really cynical play' - Luke Fitzgerald analyses Ireland's controversy-ridden loss to the All Blacks Also in Irish News Breaking 'End of an era' - RTE confirms it will outsource all of it's Young People's TV It’s an end of an era for RTE after it confirmed it is to... ‘They threw out everything including my husband’s ashes’ – Mum left devastated as... A mum was left devastated after the home of her... Mother who unlawfully received €15k in benefits while working in Australia... A Dublin mother, who unlawfully received €15,000... Breaking Virgin Media customers told their bills will increase from January Customers of Virgin Media have been told that their... Judge tells jury to consider whether man accused of murder lost self control A 65-year-old should be convicted of manslaughter and... Party goers used Tinder to source deadly N Bomb drug which later killed teenager Revellers at a four day party used dating app Tinder to... Woman awarded €40k after falling on a rotting boardwalk A woman with 40 years experience hill walking says she was "black and blue on her right... 'The sacred heart must have sent them'– Granny (96) thrilled to move home... A 96-year-old granny is “lost for words” at the... Teacher accused of calling private school student a 'little b***h' loses High Court... A teacher has lost his High Court case over how a... Barking mad? Proposals to carry out DNA tests on dog poo to catch owners who... Proposals to carry out DNA tests on dog poo to catch... VIDEO: Taoiseach says Cork suicides a 'tragic phenomenon' VIDEO: The Central Bank has made a big change to its mortgage lending rules The Central Bank has made a big change to its... VIDEO: Woman charged over fatal stabbing VIDEO: Amazing footage of the US corn harvest with VIDEO: Ex-music teacher jailed over child abuse images VIDEO: Student suffered serious head injuries in Maynooth assault VIDEO: 'Never approach a car fire' - Dublin Fire Brigade VIDEO: 'My first time on a boat' - Passengers react after spending 27 hours on... Passengers who spent 27 hours on a passenger... VIDEO: Garda appeal at the scene in Maynooth where student was violently... A student who was violently beaten as she... VIDEO: A new driverless tractor has been developed In Pictures: Almost 20,000 hit the capital for the Dublin City Marathon In Pictures: Caught in time - stunning aerial views of Irish landscape Funeral of Anthony Foley in Killaloe, Co Clare In Pictures: One year on - mourners gather to commemorate victims of Carrickmines fire Funeral of Michael McCoy In Pictures: Spectacular tributes at the funeral of the 'Queen of the Travellers' Violet Crumlish Live Pictures from the Repeal the 8th marches across the globe From Glasgow to Nepal, people across the world marched today to repeal the fight... In Pictures: Aftermath of fatal ambulance fire which killed patient, injured two workers In Pictures: All smiles at the Ploughing Championships 2016 In Pictures: China's Typhoon Meranti leaves devastation in its wake By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Weather News Topics Business Irish World Technology Personal Finance Small Business FarmIreland Commercial Property Media & Marketing Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Golf Horse Racing Greyhounds Other Sports LeftField Life Food & Drink Travel Motoring Health & Wellbeing Family Home & Garden Style Celebrity Fashion Beauty Sex & Relationships Weddings LookBook Competitions Entertainment Movies Television Music Games Radio Books Theatre & Arts Festivals Trending Coffee Break Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Contact Email User Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos 1916 Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Media & Marketing Commercial Property Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Life City Cycling Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Home & Garden Homes Interiors Gardens Home Property Videos Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Top 10s Ireland Europe World/USA Family Sun Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals Video Podcasts Search Go
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral - Real Life - Fun Times - Science World - Animal Life - Celeb Life - Tech Times TechNow - Movies - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Login go Breaking Business News Technology Small Business HOT TOPICS: Grace scandal Trump presidency 8th Amendment Home»Business Making a case for investing in pricey US stocks Monday, August 22, 2016 David Holohan As we come to the end of the second quarter earnings season, both in the US and across Europe, the case for owning US listed equities over European stocks continues to strengthen. Management teams across the US indicated in their results releases and subsequent conference calls that while global growth remains well below desired levels, it is a macro environment that has persisted for some time and companies have had to get used to it. The outlook for the remainder of 2016 is for sluggish economic growth but from which corporates have continued to adapt through cost cutting and reduced capital expenditures, and deploying cash towards share buyback programmes. Over the longer term, such capital allocation decisions will have a negative impact but in the shorter term, it augments company profitability levels and buys investors time for the much-vaunted global economic growth induced by central banks. READ NEXT Firms lose Luas court appeal One of the frequent pushbacks against investing in the US has been that valuation multiples for the market are not low and by no means cheap, particularly when set against European ones. While this is true and the S&P 500 trades on 17.5 times forward year earnings compared to 15.4 times for the Stoxx 600 index in Europe, the quality of the US companies tends to be higher than those in Europe. When looking at most global industries, the respective bellwethers are typically large US companies that European and Asian competitors try to emulate. Taking the technology sector as an example, US companies dominate through companies that include Alphabet, Facebook, Microsoft, Intel, Salesforce.com and Oracle. In Europe, beyond SAP and Nokia, there are few very large technology companies. In healthcare, the world’s leading pharmaceutical, medical device and biotechnology companies are listed in the US. Companies such as Pfizer, Johnson & Johnson, Medtronic, Merck, Amgen and Gilead lead the global field. The US is also relatively safe with regards to its banks. That’s in sharp contrast to the travails facing European banks, notably in Italy. While banks are being negatively impacted by zero interest rate policies of central banks, those that are based in the US are much better placed than their European peers which are grappling with non-performing loans and anaemic economic expansion. From a political stand point, the US is also more attractive than Europe. It is very unlikely that the US will ever face the prospect of a break-up, whereas Europe is currently experiencing the upheaval of a likely exit of Britain from the EU. With the likelihood of Donald Trump being elected president slipping in recent weeks, the risk of a significant change in political governance of the country is reduced. The same cannot be said for Europe, where recent elections have seen increases in support for right-wing parties. Several important elections take place across the region over the next 12 months. It is also likely that the dollar will strengthen from current levels given that the Federal Reserve is best placed among global central banks to continue the process of raising rates from all-time low levels. This dynamic is likely to come at a time when the ECB will want to reduce the value of the euro in order to benefit European exporters. In Japan, further monetary stimulus appears very likely. Should the move towards a more right-wing political establish itself during upcoming elections, there would likely be more downward pressure on the euro against the dollar, benefiting dollar investments made by investors. Overall, despite the elevated nature of the US valuations relation to Europe, the former is an attractive alternative that offers investors less political and systemic financial risks. David Holohan is chief investment officer at Merrion Capital READ MORE Visit the section home page here READ NEXT Firms lose Luas court appeal KEYWORDS business, finance, us, stocks, investing © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox Breaking Stories Apple teases surprise Black Friday plans Shouting at your PC and other computer frustrations revealed in new Microsoft survey Lifestyle & Other Stories lets you star in your own style story Rillington Place star Nico Mirallegro is just trying to learn every day More From The Irish Examiner Buy framed pages & newspaper books: Visit Shop Photo Sales: View Gallery ePaper: Find out more Irish Examiner Digital Archive: View every printed page from the Irish Examiner from 1841 Lotto Results Wednesday, November 23, 2016 3 8 20 27 28 39 14 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner    
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Software  »  Photo  »  News PaintShop Pro X9: the evolution continues Monday 22 August 2016  | Comment Now Corel’s veteran image editor adds project templates, pre-built desktop publishing-type layouts, Windows Real-Time Stylus support and more. PaintShop Pro has long been viewed as one of the more credible alternatives to Photoshop, offering advanced features such as layers and Photoshop-compatible plug-ins, along with step-by-step guides to help you get started with common tasks. And priced from $99, PaintShop Pro is a whole lot cheaper than its better-known competitor. So it’s good to see Corel continuing to improve the veteran image editor with a new version that offers a host of new features – including project templates, pre-built desktop publishing-type layouts to help you create greetings cards, brochures, photo collages and more. PaintShop Pro X9 also now supports Windows Real-Time Stylus for pressure sensitivity on Microsoft Surface and other similar devices. An interactive gradient fill tool allows fine-tuning a gradient by dragging across the image and watching a live preview. Extended camera support includes 15 new RAW profiles and the ability to work with Intel RealSense XDM images. You can now export your edit history, ideal for showing others exactly how you achieved a particular effect. Elsewhere, there’s an updated Text Toolbar with downloadable text presets, Silent Script for faster one-click editing actions, and smart photo fix one-click fixes can now be applied as part of a batch process. Corel PaintShop Pro X9 is available for $99, with a collection of additional photo tools as Corel PaintShop Pro X9 Ultimate for $129, or with Corel’s VideoStudio Pro X9 editor as the new Corel Photo Video Bundle for $179. A 30-day trial is available now for Windows 7 and later. This article originally appeared at softwarecrew.co.uk. Related Articles Xara updates its affordable photo and design tool Corel Painter 16 adds promises more realistic effects Review: Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 6 ACDSee 18 and Pro 8 delivers smarter, easier photo editing Corel PaintShop Pro X7 promises more responsive brush performance Source: Copyright Software Crew See more about:  corel  |  image editor  |  photo editing   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   AMD's RX 480 claims the DirectX 12 crown in new Futuremark benchmark     10 Windows 10 tweaks to make the operating system work for you     Does AMD already have a GTX 1080 beater?     Review: Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080     Screens and concept art from Watch_Dogs 2   More in Photo (1 of 10 articles) FEATURE How to: Organise your photos << Prev Next >> View all Photo articles >> More in Photo (2 of 10 articles) NEWS Adobe to pay $1M for breach << Prev Next >> View all Photo articles >> More in Photo (3 of 10 articles) NEWS Prisma-like NeuralStyler 1.2 brings more creative control << Prev Next >> View all Photo articles >> More in Photo (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Photo-to-painting converter FotoSketcher gets a test Android release << Prev Next >> View all Photo articles >> More in Photo (5 of 10 articles) NEWS Zone Photo Studio X ships with layers and cloud storage integration << Prev Next >> View all Photo articles >> More in Photo (6 of 10 articles) NEWS ACDSee Ultimate 10 adds Smart Brushes and GPU support << Prev Next >> View all Photo articles >> More in Photo (7 of 10 articles) FEATURE How to: Master Instagram - The basics << Prev Next >> View all Photo articles >> More in Photo (8 of 10 articles) NEWS CyberLink unveils PowerDirector 15, PhotoDirector 8 << Prev Next >> View all Photo articles >> More in Photo (9 of 10 articles) FEATURE 7 tips and tricks to become a master Instagram Storyteller << Prev Next >> View all Photo articles >> More in Photo (10 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Corel Painter 2016 << Prev Next >> View all Photo articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Photo News Adobe to pay $1M for breach Review Review: Corel Painter 2016 Feature How to: Organise your photos Gallery How to: Fix almost any photo in six easy steps A-list Product Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 6 From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How to use Microsoft OneNote to organise your minutes, memos and more How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Telstra closing 3G: here's how to check if your phone is Next G compatible Veritas partners and customers party in Sydney Ingram Micro toasts 2016 partners ATO ripping out EMC storage and moving to HPE Data breaches at Optus, Telstra, Vodafone face Privacy Commissioner probe Telstra launches smart home-as-a-service Ex-SAI manager took spreadsheets via USB before quitting iiNet complaints skyrocket after TPG takeover AWS rival Alibaba to open Sydney data centre The govt will loan NBN Co $20bn to finish rollout NBN Co moved an FTTN cabinet after users asked to connect Review: Motorsport Manager takes you to the races 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege PSA: You can play Red Dead Redemption on PC… kinda 10 essential tips to get you started in Civilization VI About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2016 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Hey techbros, make an airplane mode but for driving for your apps – US traffic watchdog USS Zumwalt gets Panama tug job after yet another breakdown Visa cries foul over Euro regulator's stronger authentication demands Sorry, iPhone fans – only Fandroids get Barclays' tap-to-withdraw Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH HPE core servers and storage under pressure Stay out of my server room! Dell EMC's Pure-crushing benchmarks are flawed, says, er, Pure NetComm kicked to the curb by nbn™ for fibre-not-quite-to-the-home Hey techbros, make an airplane mode but for driving for your apps – US traffic watchdog AWS to launch Aurora service for PostgreSQL at re:Invent – report Obama awards honours to Grace Hopper, Margaret Hamilton for computing contributions Microsoft still working to fix Outlook sync issues Visa cries foul over Euro regulator's stronger authentication demands Sorry, iPhone fans – only Fandroids get Barclays' tap-to-withdraw Comcast is the honey badger of ISPs – injects pop-ups into browsers, doesn't give a fsck Deliver-oops! Takeaway pusher's customers burger-ed by hijackers The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Continuous Lifecycle 2017: Ten days to tell us how DevOps really works Puppet pulls in (almost) former Cisco exec to head EMEA Put down the org chart, snowflake: Why largile's for management crybabies Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Policy The Channel Fibre pushers get UK budget tax reprieve Surprise, surprise. BT the only Universal Service Obligation provider in town Gov's industrial strategy: 'Look, we've changed the words above our door' Euro Patent office staff call again for King Battistelli regicide Microsoft's nerd goggles will run on a toaster Speaking in Tech: 'You idiot - you could've done that in 3 clicks' HTC and OnePlus spruce up flagships for Santa's sack Allow us to sum this up: UK ISP Plusnet minus net for nine-plus hours SPB Geek's Guide LAKE OF frozen WATER THE SIZE OF NEW MEXICO FOUND ON MARS – NASA New state of matter discovered by superconductivity gurus International Space Station celebrates 18th birthday in true style – by setting trash on fire NASA trying to rein in next-generation super-heavy lifter costs Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things 2016. AI boffins picked a hell of a year to train a neural net by making it watch the news AI is all trendy and fun – but it's still a long way from true intelligence, Facebook boffins admit MP Kees Verhoeven wants EU to regulate the Internet of S**t Dyn Dyn Dyn – we have a buyer: Oracle gobbles Internet of Things DDoS victim Verity Stob USS Zumwalt gets Panama tug job after yet another breakdown Reg man 0: Japanese electronic toilet 1 Twitter bans own CEO Jack Dorsey from Twitter Trial date set for Brit police 'copter coppers over spying-on-doggers claims More like this Sdn Performance Openflow Data Center Networks OpenFlow controller design killing SDN, say network boffins Packet serialisation means processors waste up 20 per cent of their time 22 Aug 2016 at 00:03, Richard Chirgwin Richard Chirgwin Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics NBN, Security , Science, Broadband, Google Recent Articles Chap turns busted laptop into phone keyboard, in Himalayan book-rescue mission Thanks, IoT vendors: your slack attitude will get regulators moving Microsoft drops tools to help ingest and model big datasets OpenFlow's architecture is inefficient, and caps performance while sucking unnecessary power. That's the conclusion of a bunch of Comp. Sci boffins from researchers at Australian brain box Data61 and Sydney University, who assessed four major OpenFlow controllers – NOX, Maestro, Floodlight and Beacon. Their paper is at Arxiv. Poor old OpenDaylight was also tested but not reported: “the performance [was] too low to provide any insightful comparison”. To cut to the chase: none of the controllers tested got anywhere close to line speed, whether running on a network processor (based on Tilera chips), or on a Xeon E5-2450-based server (more on the configurations later). On the CBench software defined networking (SDN) controller benchmark, the best the Tilera setup achieved was just under five million requests per second, compared to a line rate of 29 million requests per second. It seems that Intel's long years of work understanding packet processing is paying off: on the x86 setup, Beacon was able to hit 20 million requests per second; the maximum of the other controllers was 7 million requests per second. Line rate? Forget it: the CSIRO/Data61/Sydney Uni benchmark results Since SDN controllers have to deal with traffic as flows (meaning they have to remember MAC addresses so as to track conversations, compared to an Ethernet switch that only has to know which port it's forwarding traffic to), network scalability is also a big problem. None of the controllers stayed near their peak performance with 10 million unique MAC addresses in the benchmark, and the Java-based controllers (Beacon and Floodlight) stagger to a near-complete halt at that scale. The problem, the paper says, is that OpenFlow itself has architectural inefficiencies. The authors pick out serialisation; I/O threading; and, “the key data structure of the learning switch application: the hash table”. Serialisation is by far the biggest overhead: even the most efficient controller “spends a fifth of his time in packet serialisation … this limitation is inherent to the object oriented design principle of these controllers. They all treat each single packet as an individual object, a limitation that induces an unaffordable per-packet overhead.” The authors' proposal is for a new SDN controller design: “treat arriving packets with pre-allocated buffers rather than new objects,” they write. Controllers should also “be aware of the hardware characteristics to limit cache misses on multi-core platforms, or exploit the network-on-chip on many-core platforms”. ® Sponsored: The state of mobile security maturity Tips and corrections 15 Comments Whitepapers Build scalable and secure public cloud services Based on the industry-leading products and technologies your customers demand, Red Hat provides a complete set of platforms, tools, and software components you need to build a scalable, agile, and secure cloud services infrastructure. Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Securing Productivity in the Borderless Enterprise Before you transform your business with mobility services, you need to consider both the management and security challenges you’ll face from the combination of mobile devices and cloud-based apps. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Most read LAKE OF frozen WATER THE SIZE OF NEW MEXICO FOUND ON MARS – NASA Twitter bans own CEO Jack Dorsey from Twitter Emulating x86: Microsoft builds granny flat into Windows 10 Irish eyes are crying: Tens of thousands of broadband modems wide open to hijacking Google declares victory for its Wifi router before it's even shipped Spotlight Facebook Telecom Infrastructure Project starts chucking rocks at mobile model Fire alarm sparked data centre meltdown emergency Will rush for New Radio compromise 5G quality? BT will HATE us for this one weird 5G trick WAN, bam, thank you... oh @£$%. We've gone dead. Drop the burger. RUUUUUN! HPE core servers and storage under pressure NetApp's regeneration could be deep surgery or anti-wrinkle cream Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. HP Inc. looks to prove it's not all about growth MarketWatch 8/21/2016 By Don Clark Growth has always been golden in Silicon Valley, and HP Inc. hopes to prove it isn't the only definition of success. Quotes in the article Microsoft Corp MSFT ▼ 60.36 -0.76 -1.24% Intel Corp INTC ▼ 35.14 -0.35 -0.97% International Business Machines Corp IBM ▼ 161.85 -0.82 -0.50% Lenovo Group Ltd LNVGF ▲ 0.6254 +0.0267 +4.45% Analysts expect the former Hewlett-Packard Co. printing-and-personal-computer business to continue a recent pattern of revenue declines when it reports quarterly financial results on Wednesday, the latest evidence of waning demand for those products. Yet HP's shares are up 22% on the year, outpacing the broader stock market and other mature tech companies such as Microsoft Corp., Intel Corp. and International Business Machines Corp. HP's stock-market cachet is linked to its generation of cash, which has fueled outsize dividends and the potential of share buybacks that could further boost its stock price. Highlighting those attributes for investors was one motivation for separating the company from the more growth-oriented entity now known as Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co., said Dion Weisler, HP's chief executive, in a recent interview. The original HP, a technology pioneer founded in 1939, had developed finely tuned practices to monitor sales and profit, said Cathie Lesjak, HP's CFO. Putting equal attention to the balance sheet and cash flow "is new muscle for almost everybody in the company," she said. Not that Mr. Weisler isn't laying plans to get HP growing again. But he said the company's business creates financial breathing room to place bets that may take years to pay off. HP, the second-largest PC maker behind Lenovo Group Ltd., gets most of its revenue from sales of those products. That market has been shrinking, but cash flow from the business remains very strong, Mr. Weisler said. One reason is that HP takes in revenue from customers significantly faster than it pays suppliers of components to build the systems it sells, he said. More than half of HP's profit comes from printing, primarily sales of ink and toner that generates a steady flow of cash. The dynamics have enabled HP to pledge to investors that it will return 50% to 75% of its free cash flow -- the amount remaining after capital expenditures -- to shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks. The company has estimated it will generate $2 billion to $2.3 billion in free cash flow for the fiscal year ending in October. Toni Sacconaghi, an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein, wrote in a note that HP's current 12.4 cent quarterly dividend amounts to about 30% of free cash flow, so could be increased. Mr. Sacconaghi said HP's 3.4% dividend yield is already among the highest of publicly held companies. Still, shrinking revenue remains an issue, particularly for HP's printing business. Steven Milunovich, an analyst at UBS Securities, predicts HP will report a 15% third-quarter decline in revenue from its supplies business compared with the year-earlier period, with printer sales down 9%. In all, he expects quarterly revenue to fall 8% to $11.4 billion and net income to drop 23%. Mr. Weisler hopes to spur growth by building a franchise beyond desktop-oriented inkjet and laser printers toward the bigger copying and printing systems that serve entire departments. In a longer-term bet, the company has announced plans to enter the newer market for 3-D printers. In PCs, Mr. Weisler said, HP plans to focus on growing, profitable segments such as high-end gaming systems and premium laptops while avoiding low-margin, me-too products such as low-end tablets. Some progress emerged in the second quarter. Market researcher International Data Corp. in July estimated HP's global quarterly shipments rose 5.1%, despite a 4.5% drop in the total market. In the U.S., shipments rose 11.5%, IDC said. "I'm interested in growth," Mr. Weisler said. "But I'm much more interested in profitable growth." Write to Don Clark at don.clark@wsj.com Go to MSN Home More in Money 7 successful icons who had a brush with bankruptcy InvestorPlace 20 best money tips of all time from Tony Robbins GOBankingRates 7 CEOs heading to the chopping block InvestorPlace The most dangerous states in America 24/7 Wall St. 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money Up Next What the richest 1 percent earns in every state Money Talks News AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from Marketwatch The best ways to tap the equity in your home MarketWatch Wal-Mart could give Amazon a run for its money during holidays MarketWatch How every investor can make the most of Trump's win MarketWatch The real reason the holidays are so pricey (hint: it’s not the gifts) MarketWatch MarketWatch View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
null
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. August Has Been A Super Exciting Month So Far For Linux / Open-Source Users Written by Michael Larabel in Free Software on 21 August 2016 at 09:52 AM EDT. 5 Comments Just over half-way through August, it's been a particularly exciting month for Linux and open-source fans. From Microsoft bringing PowerShell to Linux, Google working on a new operating system, AMD making open-source driver progress, Fedora 25 going ahead with Wayland by default, and more, there's been excitement for almost everyone this month. Given everything exciting that's been happening this month, I decided to do a quick recap of the most-viewed news so far on Phoronix this month, in case you've been out enjoying the summer and are behind on your reading. So far this month on Phoronix there have been 153 original news articles and the 12 most viewed include: Btrfs RAID 5/6 Code Found To Be Very Unsafe & Will Likely Require A Rewrite It turns out the RAID5 and RAID6 code for the Btrfs file-system's built-in RAID support is faulty and users should not be making use of it if you care about your data. Google Working On New "Fuchsia" Operating System, Powered By Magenta / LK Kernel Google appears to be working on a new operating system that's written from scratch and appears to be target both phones and PCs, among other form factors. Linux 4.7 - Btrfs vs. EXT4 vs. F2FS vs. XFS vs. NTFS Benchmarks Continuing on from yesterday's Linux 4.4 To 4.7 - EXT4 vs. F2FS vs. Btrfs Benchmarks comparison, here is a wider look at mainline file-systems on the Linux 4.7. File-systems tested on the NVMe SSD included Btrfs, EXT4, F2FS, XFS, and NTFS. Secure Boot Isn't So Secure After All: The Golden Key Is Out So much for Secure Boot being so secure... After a mistake by Microsoft, the "golden key" is now out in the wild. Systemd Rolls Out Its Own Mount Tool Systemd-mount is the newest tool added to systemd by Lennart Poettering. CryENGINE Is Planning To Deliver Its Vulkan Support In About Two Months The middle of October is when Crytek should be publicly rolling out their Vulkan API support in the CryENGINE. BioShock Infinite Can Run More Than 23% Faster With New RadeonSI Patches Marek Olšák at AMD continues optimizing the RadeonSI Gallium3D driver for offering much better Linux gaming performance when using this open-source AMD graphics driver code. The latest are double-digit gains for at least the BioShock Infinite game. The Speed Of Ubuntu 16.10 Currently Versus Ubuntu 16.04, Clear Linux Being mid-way through Ubuntu 16.10's development cycle, here are some fresh benchmarks showing how its performance has changed (if at all) compared to Ubuntu 16.04 LTS as well as compared to Intel's high-performance Clear Linux distribution as a reference point. Fedora 25 To Run Wayland By Default The Fedora Engineering and Steering Committee has decided that Fedora 25 will indeed ship the Wayland display server by default in place of the X.Org Server. Reboot Mode Driver Added To Linux 4.8 Kernel The power supply updates for Linux 4.8 adds a "reboot mode" driver to the kernel. Lumina Desktop 1.0 Released The PC-BSD/TrueOS developers have announced the release of the Lumina Desktop Environment 1.0. XFS Reverse-Mapping Proposed For Linux 4.8: Getting Ready For New File-System Features Last week was the main XFS feature pull for Linux 4.8 while one day before the 4.8 merge window is expected to close, XFS maintainer Dave Chinner is hoping to land a big new feature. The most popular featured articles include: 18-Way GPU Linux Benchmarks, Including The Radeon RX 460 & RX 470 On Open-Source Yesterday I published early open-source benchmarks of the Radeon RX 470 while today is a full 18-way graphics card comparison including the newly-launched Radeon RX 460 and Radeon RX 470 graphics cards alongside the RX 480 Polaris graphics card. All of the AMD graphics cards tested for this article were running the very latest open-source driver stack on the Linux 4.8 kernel and Mesa 12.1-dev Git. Ubuntu 14.04/16.04 vs. Ubuntu Bash On Windows 10 Anniversary Performance When Microsoft and Canonical brought Bash and Ubuntu's user-space to Windows 10 earlier this year I ran some preliminary benchmarks of Ubuntu on Windows 10 versus a native Ubuntu installation on the same hardware. Now that this "Windows Subsystem for Linux" is part of the recent Windows 10 Anniversary Update, I've carried out some fresh benchmarks of Ubuntu running atop Windows 10 compared to Ubuntu running bare metal. Linux 4.4 To 4.7 - EXT4 vs. F2FS vs. Btrfs Benchmarks I've been a bit behind on my file-system benchmarking the past few months but for your viewing pleasure today are some EXT4 vs. Btrfs vs. F2FS file-system tests on an NVMe SSD when testing the Linux 4.4, 4.5, 4.6, and 4.7 kernels. Windows 10 vs. Ubuntu + Linux 4.7 + Mesa 12.1 Intel OpenGL Tests With Microsoft having recently released the Windows 10 Anniversary update I've been running some fresh Windows vs. Linux performance comparisons. The first of these comparisons for your viewing pleasure is looking at the latest Windows 10 build with the latest Intel driver compared to Ubuntu 16.04 LTS while also comparing the performance when manually upgrading to the Linux 4.7 kernel and Mesa 12.1-dev for delivering the latest OpenGL performance potential. Early Benchmarks Of FreeBSD 11.0 vs. DragonFlyBSD 4.6 vs. Linux Distributions Following last week's DragonFlyBSD 4.6 benchmarks I carried out a fresh comparison of FreeBSD 10.3 vs. FreeBSD 11.0 (Beta 4 at the time) along with the DragonFlyBSD results and a few of the popular Linux distributions. Here are those numbers. AMDGPU-PRO Radeon RX 460/470/480 vs. NVIDIA Linux GPU Benchmarks Last week I published an 18-way GPU Linux comparison featuring the new Radeon RX 460 and RX 470 graphics cards along with other AMD Radeon and NVIDIA GeForce GPUs. The Radeon tests were done using the very latest open-source Linux driver stack while in this article are similar benchmarks done but using the AMDGPU-PRO hybrid driver stack. The Many Exciting Features To The Linux 4.8 Kernel Today marks the closure of the Linux 4.8 kernel merge window so as usual here is our recap of all the features we've been monitoring over the past two weeks. Among the highlights for Linux 4.8 are AMD GPU OverDrive overclocking, initial NVIDIA Pascal support, a new ARM Mali display driver, mainline support for the Raspberry Pi 3 BCM SoC, HDMI CEC support, big reworks to Btrfs and XFS file-system code, and a number of new security features, among other changes. DragonFlyBSD 4.6 vs. Linux Benchmarks With DragonFlyBSD 4.6 having been released this week, here are benchmarks comparing its performance to that of the previous DragonFlyBSD 4.4 release as well as seeing how it compares to some Linux distributions. 4-Disk Btrfs RAID Benchmarks On Linux 4.7 Going along with the recent Linux 4.7 file-system benchmarks, here are some tests of Btrfs' built-in RAID functionality when tested on the Linux 4.7 kernel across four SATA SSDs. AMDGPU-PRO vs. Open-Source Gallium3D OpenGL Performance On Polaris Is A Very Tight Race For those wondering how AMD's hybrid "AMDGPU-PRO" Linux driver stack compares to the latest pure open-source driver stack of the AMDGPU kernel driver and RadeonSI Gallium3D driver, here are side-by-side results for the Radeon RX 460, RX 470, and RX 480 Polaris hardware as well as the R9 Fury (Fiji) graphics card. What else do you hope will happen before the month ends as further excitement for the Linux/open-source communities? Let us know in the forums. 5 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Free Software News Rspamd 1.4 Comes With Many Spam Filtering Improvements Cryptsetup Vulnerability Allows Easily Getting To A Root Shell Siemens Is Buying Out Mentor Graphics CMake 3.7 Adds Cross-Compiling For Android, Drops Official i386 Binaries DirectFB Is Still Working On EGL United, Looking Forward To Vulkan PackPack: Simple Building Of RPMs & Debian Packages From Git Repos Popular News Intel Vulkan Linux Driver Lands Color Compression Support For Skylake Fedora 25 Cleared For Release Next Week GNOME Lands Mainline NVIDIA Wayland Support Using EGLStreams GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) GTX 1060 vs. RX 480 - The ~$200 GPU Decision For Linux Gamers Explicit Fencing For Atomic DRM Drivers Coming In Linux 4.10 Latest Linux News OpenCL Remains One Of AMDGPU-PRO's Main Advantages, Can't Wait For It To Be Open RADV Vulkan Driver Patch For Initial PRIME Support It's Time For The Annual Thanksgiving Event To Support Our Linux Testing, Benchmarking Intel's Recent Noteworthy Vulkan Patches Hit Mainline Mesa GNOME 3.23.2 Released With More Work Towards GNOME 3.24 Fedora 25 Officially Released & I Highly Recommend It Total War: WARHAMMER Released For Linux Intel Vulkan Linux Driver Lands Cull & Clip Distance Support OpenCL Image Support For Gallium3D's Clover RadeonSI Patches For Compiling Optimized Shader Variants Asynchronously Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU-PRO vs. NVIDIA On Linux With OpenGL & Vulkan OpenSUSE Leap 42.1 vs. Leap 42.2 vs. Tumbleweed Benchmarks Total War: WARHAMMER - AMD RadeonSI Linux Performance Total War: WARHAMMER NVIDIA Linux Benchmarks Fedora 25 Turned Out Great, Definitely My Most Favorite Fedora Release Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Nekohayo ! La vie personnelle du chat Search Main menu Skip to primary content Home About Contact Top 20 Post navigation ← Previous Next → GUADEC 2016, laptops and tablets made to run GNOME, surprise Pitivi meeting Posted on August 21, 2016 by nekohayo I went there for the 2016 edition of GUADEC: I arrived a couple of days early to attend my last GNOME Foundation board meeting, in one of the KIT’s libraries. The building’s uncanny brutalist architecture only added to the nostalgia of a two years adventure coming to an end: Then… A wild Kat strong-armed me into preparing an "unconference" talk for this year's #GUADEC after all… — Jeff (@nekohayo) August 10, 2016 And so I made a new talk proposal at the last minute, which was upvoted fairly quickly by attendees: The conference organizers counter-trolled me by inscribing it exactly like this onto the giant public schedule in the venue’s lobby: The result was this talk: Laptops & Tablets Manufactured to Run a Pure GNOME. Go watch it now if you missed it. Note: during the talk’s Q&A session, I mistakenly thought that Purism‘s tablets were using an ARM architecture; they’re actually planned to be Intel-based. And to make things clear, for laptop keyboard layouts, Purism is currently offering US/UK, which are different physical layouts (different cutting etc.). Also relevant to your interests if you’re into that whole privacy thing: Cosimo’s unconference session about the earmarked privacy funds Federico’s talk about our, ahem, suboptimal key management UX in GNOME. Stef Walters pointed out during this talk’s Q&A (and to me personally when I discussed with him on the previous day) that he’d be glad to review & merge patches, but does not currently have enough time to maintain Seahorse otherwise. Interested in improving security for our PGP, SSH and geeral keys management in GNOME? Check out Seahorse and start polishing that code! Werner Koch’s keynote: We want more centralization, do we? Alexander Larsson’s Flatpak status update and future plans In my luggage, I carried ~20 kilograms of the Foundation’s annual reports. Some folks were skeptical and thought I should “only bring a few of them, people aren’t usually interested in the annual report.” Well, they were dead wrong: within one afternoon, the annual reports “sold out” like hotcakes. See also my tandem lightning talk (at the 29mins mark) to get a glimpse of how much work we put into designing the new annual report this year. Also, if you took one of them at the conference, remember: they’re precious little works of art and a powerful tool to convince people to become contributors or sponsors to support GNOME, so make sure to use them towards that goal! I was very happy to see Mathieu and Alexandru from the Pitivi team deciding to attend at the last minute, even if it was just for one day. We spent time with Jakub Steiner discussing his workflow and wishlist for a “perfect” video editor: Pitivi makes people smile! Left to right: Alexandru Băluț, Jakub “Skywalker” Steiner, Mathieu Duponchelle. I took a handful of photos of the BoFs and uploaded them to my gallery for GUADEC 2016. Licensed under the Creative Commons “by attribution” 4.0 as usual, so that the GNOME Engagement team can use them for GNOME promotional materials if needed. Make sure you do the same and list yours in here. The Flatpak BoF session Overall, this GUADEC was one of the most well-organized ones I’ve seen in years. I was floored by the amount of efforts and planning the local team put into this. They really deserve some kudos! Everything ran smoothly on the surface (I know that in such events there will always be odd situations happening here and there, but they dealt with them so efficiently that they were invisible). The team had a professional-grade two-way radio system to coordinate, a car and trailer to carry stuff around every day, made and reused food (pro-grade cafeteria counter metal containers = genius), a lifetime supply of IKEA mugs that got washed and reused frequently, tons of snacks, managed to pull in great sponsors even at the last minute, put signage in various parts of the city to guide people to the venue, had huge quantities of tasty dead animals (and plants) to eat at a very successful barbecue event, got an icecream vendor to come to the venue, and even filled up a pool and beanbags, for pete’s sake! Spotted at #GUADEC2016: @GNOME developers hard at work! Only missing some piñas coladas 😜 pic.twitter.com/xx0dEO53IJ — Jeff (@nekohayo) August 13, 2016 Thanks to the the Chaos Computer Club for providing a flawless live video streaming, recording and publishing service. Very rarely did we have GUADEC videos published in a timely fashion in the past, let alone streamed live and with proper laptop video output capture as well as proper sound mixing. This is fantastic. I should mention the closing night’s event in the biergarten, with sponsored drinks and food by our friendly GStreamer experts Centricular, a very nice gesture that was well appreciated by everyone. Survivors at rest in the snacks bunker on the last day of the BoFs Thanks to everybody involved to make this event a success, and thanks to the GNOME Foundation for making it possible for me to attend. About Latest Posts nekohayo Branding strategist and business developer, free & open-source software UX designer and experienced community manager. Has unlimited hi-HP potions to keep teammates alive. You can check out my main website or follow me on G+ or Twitter. Latest posts by nekohayo (see all) Helping Purism structure its messaging - November 17, 2016 Pour en finir avec la congestion nasale: comment effectuer le rinçage nasal correctement - October 26, 2016 2015 Annual Reports mailed out - October 25, 2016 This entry was posted in GNOME, idéemarque, Linux, Pitivi, Planet GNOME, Vie personnelle and tagged events and conferences, hardware, management and business, privacy by nekohayo. Bookmark the permalink. Proudly powered by WordPress
null
null
   Folge uns:           4Players für Tablet Phone Mobiles Web No Man's Sky: Die drei bisher veröffentlichten PC-Patches sollen 70 Prozent der Probleme behoben haben; Details zu den Veränderungen - 4Players.de 4Players.de Das Spielemagazin. Kritisch. Ehrlich. Aktuell. START News Berichte Nintendo Switch Videos Kommentare Top-Spiele PlayStation VR - alle Tests Gewinnspiele Schnäppchen Forum PC Tests Vorschauen First Facts Specials News Videos Downloads Bilder Kalender Top 10 TeamSpeak Server PS4 Tests Vorschauen First Facts Specials News Bilder Videos Kalender Top 10 PSN Move Xbox One Tests Vorschauen First Facts Specials News Bilder Videos Kalender Top 10 XBL Arcade Kinect Videos Test Vorschau Talk Wandel der Zeit Epilog Erste Minuten Spielszenen Bugwaren Release-Vorschau Sonstiges Wii U Tests Vorschauen First Facts Specials News Videos Bilder Kalender Top 10 Wii Virtual Console Virtual Reality Tests Vorschauen News Videos Oculus Rift PlayStation VR HTC Vive Handhelds Tests Vorschauen Specials News Videos Bilder Kalender Top 10 Planet3DS PlanetVita SPIELETIPPS Einsenden Lösungen Guides Tipps Geheimnisse Freischaltbares Cheats Fragen & Antworten Erfolge Trophäen Errungenschaften SPIELKULTUR Kolumnen & Kommentare Brettspiele Klassiker Soundtracks Bilderserie Archiv 4Sceners Comics COMMUNITY Anmelden Profil 4P-Erfolge Wertungstippspiel Gewinnspiele Newsletter Lesertests Forum 4P@facebook Tests Vorschauen First Facts Specials News Videos Downloads Bilder Kalender Top 10 TeamSpeak Server No Man's Sky Survival-Abenteuer Entwickler: Hello Games Publisher: Hello Games Release: 12.08.2016 10.08.2016 Test: No Man's Sky 59 “Normalerweise müsste No Man's Sky auf dem Rechner besser aussehen, flüssiger laufen und zu bedienen sein - aber Hello Games serviert eine schwache PC-Umsetzung.” Test: No Man's Sky 59 “Eine faszinierende Reise für Entdecker mit toller futuristischer Ästhetik, die trotz vieler spielerischer Defizite noch solide unterhalten könnte - wenn da nicht die extrem vielen Abstürze für Ernüchterung sorgen würden.” Zum Videofazit (Watchlist verwalten) Leserwertung: 77% [2] Wie findest Du das Spiel? Spielinfo Bilder Videos No Man's Sky Ab 36.99 Jetzt kaufen Schnäppchen-Angebote Cyber-Monday-Woche bei Amazon: Laufend neue Angebote  ***   Speicherprodukte von Sandisk reduziert (u.a. 64-GB-USB3-Stick 28,99 Euro)  ***  Battlefield 1 (PlayStaion 4/Xbox One) -  je 39,97 Euro  ***  10 Blu-rays für 50 EUR -  (u. a. Der Polarexpress, Demolition Man, Training Day u. Lone Survivor)  ***   3 für 2: Jetzt eine Blu-ray umsonst sichern -  (u. a. Apollo 13, Insidious, King Kong, E.T. The Untouchables)  ***   XCOM 2 (PC) -  14,97 Euro  *** [Zur Übersicht] -Anzeige- Stellenmarkt Senior Consultants / Junior Consultants Automotive (m/w) Prozess- und Projektmanagement GIGATRONIK München GmbH, München Clinical Specialist (m/f) Masimo Europe Ltd. Niederlassung Deutschland, Frank­furt Ergotherapeut (m/w) Spitäler Hochrhein GmbH, Waldshut SPS Programmierer / Automatisierungstechniker (m/w) Automotive Bertrandt Technikum GmbH, Ehningen bei Stuttgart [Detailsuche] Nachrichten 06.11.16 Hello Games arbeitet weiter an Verbesserungen, um das Spiel "näher an ihre ursprüngliche Vision zu bringen", meint Shawn Layden von Sony 277 28.10.16 Chaos bei Hello Games: "No Man's Sky war ein Fehler", seltsame Tweets, ein verärgerter Mitarbeiter und mehr 35 29.09.16 Advertising Standards Authority untersucht Beschwerden über irreführendes Marketing 86 24.09.16 Patch 1.09 für PC und PlayStation 4 veröffentlicht 10 22.09.16 Von über 200.000 auf unter 1.000 gleichzeitige Spieler in weniger als sechs Wochen 83 Folge uns         von Marcel Kleffmann, 21.08.2016 teilen   teilen   teilen     No Man's Sky: Die drei PC-Patches sollen 70 Prozent der Probleme behoben haben; Details zu den Veränderungen No Man's Sky (Simulation) von Hello Games - Bildquelle: Hello Games Die Veröffentlichung von No Man's Sky auf dem PC lief nicht wirklich rund (wir berichteten). Seit dem Verkaufsstart hat Hello Games drei Patches bereitgestellt und in der Zwischenzeit wurden auch die Patch-Notes angeschoben. Laut den Entwicklern sollen die drei Patches ungefähr 70 Prozent der Probleme, die dem Support gemeldet wurden, aus der Welt schaffen. Der erste Patch war dafür gedacht, eine größere Hardware-Bandbreite (u.a. AMD Phenom Unterstützung) abzudecken und die Performance allgemein zu optimieren. Der zweite Patch soll Bugs und Absturzursachen beheben sowie dafür sorgen, dass die Speicherstände in Zukunft "sicher" seien. Das dritte Update dreht sich ebenfalls um Absturzprobleme und die Korrektur von beschädigten Speicherständen. Ein vierter Patch befindet sich in Entwicklung und soll ab Montag getestet werden. Erst wenn die bekannten Probleme behoben wurden, sollen dann neue Features hinzugefügt werden. Patch 1 The focus of patch 1 was to add greater support for more hardware. Either specific hardware configs, or hardware outside our min spec. We want as many people to be able to play as possible, and these were our most reported issues. AMD Phenom Support Game is now confirmed working on Phenom CPUs. Thousands of lines of assembly have been rewritten to support AMD CPUs. The game code no longer relies on anything above SSE 2, Havok Physics has also now created new libs for us to add Phenom support. Alt-Tab has improved Some systems/configs were crashing or not pausing correctly on Alt Tab. This should now be resolved. Improved Performance On CPUs with 4 threads or fewer, performance has been improved. On CPUs with exactly 8 threads, performance has also been significantly improved. Framerate Stuttering due to Shader Caching Framerate was initially stuttering due to shaders not being correctly cached by the GPU on some systems. We have replaced the GPU caching system. You may notice some stutter during the Galactic Map intro to the game (the very first time you run), but it should be smoother from then on. This is particularly true on ATI cards. Max FPS Cap On some CPU/GPU configurations, setting Max FPS to 60 or 30 was not giving 60 or 30 FPS (causing stuttering). This has been fixed. Radeon 6xxx Added support for this GPU, which doesn't support OpenGL 4.5 fully. Save Corruption Solution to try to prevent saves getting corrupted no matter what’s going on in background processes (see Patch 3 below, where we also are attempting to recover corrupted saves). Intel GPU Detection We do not currently support Intel GPUS. We are working on this for a future patch, to expand our min spec. In the meantime, the game will now let you know if you are trying to run with an unsupported GPU. This will hopefully flag for some users that their high end GPU has not been selected. Gsync Gsync has been disabled by default, which was causing an issue for some users Mouse Smoothing Generally this is most helpful for players with sub-30 FPS. Smoothing on mouse movement has been improved to prevent hitching or stuttering, and is now adjustable through the Options menu in “Mouse Smoothing”. It defaults to off. If you feel micro stutters in framerate affecting controls, feel free to turn this up. If you feel the framerate is "slow" or "lumpy", please make sure that this is turned off Patch 2 For patch 2 our focus was on the most reported bugs or crashes. Our aim was to improve stability, and make sure player’s saves are safe in future. Stuck under the world It was possible for players to save their game stuck under the terrain, leaving them stuck. This was caused by getting shot down in atmosphere, and their ship reaching ridiculous speeds as it crashed to the planet. This has been resolved. Whilst it won't happen anymore, if you are currently already stuck under the world, we detect this and do our best to rescue you. Crash after warping Occasionally at random the game would lock up after a warp, or return to desktop. This was due to very specific timing in hardware (a threading specific bug) – meaning that unfortunately for some people it was regular, and for others they would never be able to recreate it. This was our most reported crash during gameplay, and has now been resolved. Game failing to save until you died If the player died, and then loaded the game ten times without saving, and then died, player progress wouldn’t be saved from then on until you died again. This is fixed now! This was also causing player’s saves to grow in size. Crash fixes in scanning Quite a rare crash, but in certain scenarios it was possible to scan from space or on planet and crash the game. Crash warping inside a freighter When warping into a battle sometimes the player warped into the inside of a freighter and everything went crazy :( This is fixed now. Patch 3 Patch 3 is targeted at our next most common support requests, fixing the next most common crashes, as well as trying to help players who have become stranded or have corrupted their save files. Stranded in Space Station If you died in your ship while in atmosphere of a planet with a damaged ship, you could respawn in a space station with your launch thrusters and pulse engine damaged. If you did not have the resources to fix them then you could no longer take off and be stuck there. This will no longer happen. Loading Corrupted Save Files Some players have corrupted save files, we’ve been working with them to still load saves even if they are corrupted (this can happen for many reasons outside of the games control). This fix has allowed many players to still load their save even if they have become corrupt on PC. Crash fixes for next three most commonly reported issues: - As the player gathers a huge amount of discoveries, there was a threading issue that becomes more prevalent the more discoveries you have, and could cause the game to crash. - If you had collected a large number of blueprints, in a specific order it was possible to crash the game when you received a new blueprint. This has been fixed. Letztes aktuelles Video: Der Video-Guide Quelle: Steam, Hello Games Kommentare Metal King Slime schrieb am 23.08.2016 um 10:45 Uhr CookieTheBoss hat geschrieben: tun damit nicht nur etwas gutes für unsere Mitspieler, Konami zeigt sich auch dankbar dafür. Konami zeigt sich immer dankbar seinen Fans gegenüber: siehe Metal Gear Survive :Häschen: Zitieren · Sir Richfield schrieb am 22.08.2016 um 14:51 Uhr Für vernünftige! Bugreports bräuchte es dann aber auch eine eigene Infrastruktur, angefangen mit der Möglichkeit, Debuginfos zu sehen. Wenn eine von ca. 500 möglichen Raumstationen zickt, dann wäre hilfreich, man wüsste sofort, welche genau. Aber so eine echte Betaphase ist aufwendig und teuer, macht inzwischen auch keiner mehr. (Oder nennt das Early Access und lässt sich dafür bezahlen... *lol*) Zitieren · CookieTheBoss schrieb am 22.08.2016 um 13:59 Uhr Bugs ruhig alle melden, muss auch nicht einzeln sein, zockt ne Woche notiert euch alles und schickt dann eine freundliche Mail mit genauen Angaben und ruhig auch Vermutungen womit es zusammenhängen könnte. Wir arbeiten seit Jahren mit Konami zwecks der Pro Evolution Reihe zusammen und tun damit nicht nur etwas gutes für unsere Mitspieler, Konami zeigt sich auch dankbar dafür. Zitieren · Usul schrieb am 22.08.2016 um 13:51 Uhr Objection! hat geschrieben:Manch Einer, der sich ein Spiel kauft will aber nicht als Beta-Tester herhalten. Das sollte der Hersteller schon selber machen, oder eben eine Beta mit freiwilligen Spielern öffnen um auf Bug-Jagd zu gehen. Das sind unterschiedliche Dinge. Wenn du zurecht nicht als Beta-Tester herhalten willst, dann wartest du einfach mit dem Kauf - das wirkt sich auf mehrere Arten negativ auf den Hersteller aus und vielleicht lernt er daraus. Aber wenn du ein Spiel gekauft hast, bringt es nichts, sich in irgendwelchen Foren über Bugs auszulassen und davon auszugehen, daß sie auf jeden Fall bekannt sind. Wie gesagt: Zwei unterschiedliche Dinge. Zitieren · Metal King Slime schrieb am 22.08.2016 um 12:43 Uhr Usul hat geschrieben: Psychobilly hat geschrieben:Na ja, ich gehe mal 100%ig davon aus, das die das ganz genau wissen ! Ist ja nicht so ,das ich eine andere Version habe als der Rest der Welt. Wenn die das Spiel von Grund auf programmiert haben, dann gehe ich mal stark davon aus, das die genau informiert sind über die ganzen Unzulänglichkeiten, nur wird das meist immer unter den Teppich gekehrt, so lange bis der Schuh drückt ;) Du glaubst also, nur weil jemand ein Spiel programmiert hat, weiß er über alle möglichen Fehler bescheid? Das kann nicht dein Ernst sein. Und falls doch: Ne, so ist es ganz bestimmt nicht. Ob die von dir beschriebenen Bugs nun so offensichtlich sind, daß sie bekannt sein dürften - das weiß ich nicht. Ich habe deine Beschreibungen ehrlich gesagt auch nur einmal gelesen und nicht auf Anhieb kapiert, was der zugrundeliegende Fehler ist. Aber du kannst nicht einfach davon ausgehen, daß alle Fehler bekannt sind. Alternativ kann es auch so sein, daß der Entwickler u.a. nach Bug-Meldungen priorisiert. D.h. wenn sich von allen Meldungen nur sehr wenige auf deine Probleme beziehen, kümmert man sich zuerst um andere Dinge. Wenn sie alle Fehler auf einmal beheben könnten, wären sie die letzten, die das nicht sofort täten. Also: Nicht hier Verschwörungstheorien äußern, sondern dem Support schreiben. Oder sagen wir es anders: Zuerst dem Support schreiben und dann hier Verschwörungstheorien äußern. Manch Einer, der sich ein Spiel kauft will aber nicht als Beta-Tester herhalten. Das sollte der Hersteller schon selber machen, oder eben eine Beta mit freiwilligen Spielern öffnen um auf Bug-Jagd zu gehen. Zitieren · schrieb am {{post.post_time *1000| date:"dd.MM.yyyy 'um' HH:mm 'Uhr'"}} Zitieren Zum Thema · Kommentieren Facebook Google+ -Anzeige- | | | | | Themen: PC-Spiele | PlayStation4 | Xbox One | PlayStation3 | 360 | Wii U | 3DS | PS Vita | iPhone / iPad News | Tests | Videos | Spieletipps Downloads | Klassiker | Kolumnen & Kommentare | Community Netzwerkseiten: | | | Dienste: Game Server | TeamSpeak Server | Teamspeak Hilfe & Downloads Alle RSS-Feeds | Audio-Podcast / iTunes | RSS-News | RSS-Artikel | RSS-Videos Sonstiges: | | Sitemap Alle Spiele: 0-9 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Social Networks: FACEBOOK | GOOGLE PLUS | TWITTER | YOUTUBE Mit der weiteren Nutzung unseres Angebots erklären Sie sich mit der Verwendung von Cookies einverstanden. Mehr erfahren Sie darüber auf der Datenschutz-Seite. Ich bin einverstanden
   Folge uns:           4Players für Tablet Phone Mobiles Web No Man's Sky: Die drei bisher veröffentlichten PC-Patches sollen 70 Prozent der Probleme behoben haben; Details zu den Veränderungen - 4Players.de 4Players.de Das Spielemagazin. Kritisch. Ehrlich. Aktuell. START News Berichte Nintendo Switch Videos Kommentare Top-Spiele PlayStation VR - alle Tests Gewinnspiele Schnäppchen Forum PC Tests Vorschauen First Facts Specials News Videos Downloads Bilder Kalender Top 10 TeamSpeak Server PS4 Tests Vorschauen First Facts Specials News Bilder Videos Kalender Top 10 PSN Move Xbox One Tests Vorschauen First Facts Specials News Bilder Videos Kalender Top 10 XBL Arcade Kinect Videos Test Vorschau Talk Wandel der Zeit Epilog Erste Minuten Spielszenen Bugwaren Release-Vorschau Sonstiges Wii U Tests Vorschauen First Facts Specials News Videos Bilder Kalender Top 10 Wii Virtual Console Virtual Reality Tests Vorschauen News Videos Oculus Rift PlayStation VR HTC Vive Handhelds Tests Vorschauen Specials News Videos Bilder Kalender Top 10 Planet3DS PlanetVita SPIELETIPPS Einsenden Lösungen Guides Tipps Geheimnisse Freischaltbares Cheats Fragen & Antworten Erfolge Trophäen Errungenschaften SPIELKULTUR Kolumnen & Kommentare Brettspiele Klassiker Soundtracks Bilderserie Archiv 4Sceners Comics COMMUNITY Anmelden Profil 4P-Erfolge Wertungstippspiel Gewinnspiele Newsletter Lesertests Forum 4P@facebook Tests Vorschauen First Facts Specials News Videos Downloads Bilder Kalender Top 10 TeamSpeak Server No Man's Sky Survival-Abenteuer Entwickler: Hello Games Publisher: Hello Games Release: 12.08.2016 10.08.2016 Test: No Man's Sky 59 “Normalerweise müsste No Man's Sky auf dem Rechner besser aussehen, flüssiger laufen und zu bedienen sein - aber Hello Games serviert eine schwache PC-Umsetzung.” Test: No Man's Sky 59 “Eine faszinierende Reise für Entdecker mit toller futuristischer Ästhetik, die trotz vieler spielerischer Defizite noch solide unterhalten könnte - wenn da nicht die extrem vielen Abstürze für Ernüchterung sorgen würden.” Zum Videofazit (Watchlist verwalten) Leserwertung: 77% [2] Wie findest Du das Spiel? Spielinfo Bilder Videos No Man's Sky Ab 36.99 Jetzt kaufen Schnäppchen-Angebote Cyber-Monday-Woche bei Amazon: Laufend neue Angebote  ***   Speicherprodukte von Sandisk reduziert (u.a. 64-GB-USB3-Stick 28,99 Euro)  ***  Battlefield 1 (PlayStaion 4/Xbox One) -  je 39,97 Euro  ***  10 Blu-rays für 50 EUR -  (u. a. Der Polarexpress, Demolition Man, Training Day u. Lone Survivor)  ***   3 für 2: Jetzt eine Blu-ray umsonst sichern -  (u. a. Apollo 13, Insidious, King Kong, E.T. The Untouchables)  ***   XCOM 2 (PC) -  14,97 Euro  *** [Zur Übersicht] -Anzeige- Stellenmarkt Mitarbeiter (m/w) im IT Identity Management Dürr IT Service GmbH, Bietigheim-Bissingen Software Developer (m/w) ORACLE ADF Robert Bosch GmbH, Stuttgart-Feuerbach Abteilungsleiter Diagnostics - EE System / Components Testing (m/w) MBtech Group GmbH & Co. KGaA, Sindelfingen Dualer Master (m/w) in Wirtschaftsinformatik Deutsche Telekom AG, München [Detailsuche] Nachrichten 06.11.16 Hello Games arbeitet weiter an Verbesserungen, um das Spiel "näher an ihre ursprüngliche Vision zu bringen", meint Shawn Layden von Sony 277 28.10.16 Chaos bei Hello Games: "No Man's Sky war ein Fehler", seltsame Tweets, ein verärgerter Mitarbeiter und mehr 35 29.09.16 Advertising Standards Authority untersucht Beschwerden über irreführendes Marketing 86 24.09.16 Patch 1.09 für PC und PlayStation 4 veröffentlicht 10 22.09.16 Von über 200.000 auf unter 1.000 gleichzeitige Spieler in weniger als sechs Wochen 83 Folge uns         von Marcel Kleffmann, 21.08.2016 teilen   teilen   teilen     No Man's Sky: Die drei PC-Patches sollen 70 Prozent der Probleme behoben haben; Details zu den Veränderungen No Man's Sky (Simulation) von Hello Games - Bildquelle: Hello Games Die Veröffentlichung von No Man's Sky auf dem PC lief nicht wirklich rund (wir berichteten). Seit dem Verkaufsstart hat Hello Games drei Patches bereitgestellt und in der Zwischenzeit wurden auch die Patch-Notes angeschoben. Laut den Entwicklern sollen die drei Patches ungefähr 70 Prozent der Probleme, die dem Support gemeldet wurden, aus der Welt schaffen. Der erste Patch war dafür gedacht, eine größere Hardware-Bandbreite (u.a. AMD Phenom Unterstützung) abzudecken und die Performance allgemein zu optimieren. Der zweite Patch soll Bugs und Absturzursachen beheben sowie dafür sorgen, dass die Speicherstände in Zukunft "sicher" seien. Das dritte Update dreht sich ebenfalls um Absturzprobleme und die Korrektur von beschädigten Speicherständen. Ein vierter Patch befindet sich in Entwicklung und soll ab Montag getestet werden. Erst wenn die bekannten Probleme behoben wurden, sollen dann neue Features hinzugefügt werden. Patch 1 The focus of patch 1 was to add greater support for more hardware. Either specific hardware configs, or hardware outside our min spec. We want as many people to be able to play as possible, and these were our most reported issues. AMD Phenom Support Game is now confirmed working on Phenom CPUs. Thousands of lines of assembly have been rewritten to support AMD CPUs. The game code no longer relies on anything above SSE 2, Havok Physics has also now created new libs for us to add Phenom support. Alt-Tab has improved Some systems/configs were crashing or not pausing correctly on Alt Tab. This should now be resolved. Improved Performance On CPUs with 4 threads or fewer, performance has been improved. On CPUs with exactly 8 threads, performance has also been significantly improved. Framerate Stuttering due to Shader Caching Framerate was initially stuttering due to shaders not being correctly cached by the GPU on some systems. We have replaced the GPU caching system. You may notice some stutter during the Galactic Map intro to the game (the very first time you run), but it should be smoother from then on. This is particularly true on ATI cards. Max FPS Cap On some CPU/GPU configurations, setting Max FPS to 60 or 30 was not giving 60 or 30 FPS (causing stuttering). This has been fixed. Radeon 6xxx Added support for this GPU, which doesn't support OpenGL 4.5 fully. Save Corruption Solution to try to prevent saves getting corrupted no matter what’s going on in background processes (see Patch 3 below, where we also are attempting to recover corrupted saves). Intel GPU Detection We do not currently support Intel GPUS. We are working on this for a future patch, to expand our min spec. In the meantime, the game will now let you know if you are trying to run with an unsupported GPU. This will hopefully flag for some users that their high end GPU has not been selected. Gsync Gsync has been disabled by default, which was causing an issue for some users Mouse Smoothing Generally this is most helpful for players with sub-30 FPS. Smoothing on mouse movement has been improved to prevent hitching or stuttering, and is now adjustable through the Options menu in “Mouse Smoothing”. It defaults to off. If you feel micro stutters in framerate affecting controls, feel free to turn this up. If you feel the framerate is "slow" or "lumpy", please make sure that this is turned off Patch 2 For patch 2 our focus was on the most reported bugs or crashes. Our aim was to improve stability, and make sure player’s saves are safe in future. Stuck under the world It was possible for players to save their game stuck under the terrain, leaving them stuck. This was caused by getting shot down in atmosphere, and their ship reaching ridiculous speeds as it crashed to the planet. This has been resolved. Whilst it won't happen anymore, if you are currently already stuck under the world, we detect this and do our best to rescue you. Crash after warping Occasionally at random the game would lock up after a warp, or return to desktop. This was due to very specific timing in hardware (a threading specific bug) – meaning that unfortunately for some people it was regular, and for others they would never be able to recreate it. This was our most reported crash during gameplay, and has now been resolved. Game failing to save until you died If the player died, and then loaded the game ten times without saving, and then died, player progress wouldn’t be saved from then on until you died again. This is fixed now! This was also causing player’s saves to grow in size. Crash fixes in scanning Quite a rare crash, but in certain scenarios it was possible to scan from space or on planet and crash the game. Crash warping inside a freighter When warping into a battle sometimes the player warped into the inside of a freighter and everything went crazy :( This is fixed now. Patch 3 Patch 3 is targeted at our next most common support requests, fixing the next most common crashes, as well as trying to help players who have become stranded or have corrupted their save files. Stranded in Space Station If you died in your ship while in atmosphere of a planet with a damaged ship, you could respawn in a space station with your launch thrusters and pulse engine damaged. If you did not have the resources to fix them then you could no longer take off and be stuck there. This will no longer happen. Loading Corrupted Save Files Some players have corrupted save files, we’ve been working with them to still load saves even if they are corrupted (this can happen for many reasons outside of the games control). This fix has allowed many players to still load their save even if they have become corrupt on PC. Crash fixes for next three most commonly reported issues: - As the player gathers a huge amount of discoveries, there was a threading issue that becomes more prevalent the more discoveries you have, and could cause the game to crash. - If you had collected a large number of blueprints, in a specific order it was possible to crash the game when you received a new blueprint. This has been fixed. Letztes aktuelles Video: Der Video-Guide Quelle: Steam, Hello Games Kommentare Metal King Slime schrieb am 23.08.2016 um 10:45 Uhr CookieTheBoss hat geschrieben: tun damit nicht nur etwas gutes für unsere Mitspieler, Konami zeigt sich auch dankbar dafür. Konami zeigt sich immer dankbar seinen Fans gegenüber: siehe Metal Gear Survive :Häschen: Zitieren · Sir Richfield schrieb am 22.08.2016 um 14:51 Uhr Für vernünftige! Bugreports bräuchte es dann aber auch eine eigene Infrastruktur, angefangen mit der Möglichkeit, Debuginfos zu sehen. Wenn eine von ca. 500 möglichen Raumstationen zickt, dann wäre hilfreich, man wüsste sofort, welche genau. Aber so eine echte Betaphase ist aufwendig und teuer, macht inzwischen auch keiner mehr. (Oder nennt das Early Access und lässt sich dafür bezahlen... *lol*) Zitieren · CookieTheBoss schrieb am 22.08.2016 um 13:59 Uhr Bugs ruhig alle melden, muss auch nicht einzeln sein, zockt ne Woche notiert euch alles und schickt dann eine freundliche Mail mit genauen Angaben und ruhig auch Vermutungen womit es zusammenhängen könnte. Wir arbeiten seit Jahren mit Konami zwecks der Pro Evolution Reihe zusammen und tun damit nicht nur etwas gutes für unsere Mitspieler, Konami zeigt sich auch dankbar dafür. Zitieren · Usul schrieb am 22.08.2016 um 13:51 Uhr Objection! hat geschrieben:Manch Einer, der sich ein Spiel kauft will aber nicht als Beta-Tester herhalten. Das sollte der Hersteller schon selber machen, oder eben eine Beta mit freiwilligen Spielern öffnen um auf Bug-Jagd zu gehen. Das sind unterschiedliche Dinge. Wenn du zurecht nicht als Beta-Tester herhalten willst, dann wartest du einfach mit dem Kauf - das wirkt sich auf mehrere Arten negativ auf den Hersteller aus und vielleicht lernt er daraus. Aber wenn du ein Spiel gekauft hast, bringt es nichts, sich in irgendwelchen Foren über Bugs auszulassen und davon auszugehen, daß sie auf jeden Fall bekannt sind. Wie gesagt: Zwei unterschiedliche Dinge. Zitieren · Metal King Slime schrieb am 22.08.2016 um 12:43 Uhr Usul hat geschrieben: Psychobilly hat geschrieben:Na ja, ich gehe mal 100%ig davon aus, das die das ganz genau wissen ! Ist ja nicht so ,das ich eine andere Version habe als der Rest der Welt. Wenn die das Spiel von Grund auf programmiert haben, dann gehe ich mal stark davon aus, das die genau informiert sind über die ganzen Unzulänglichkeiten, nur wird das meist immer unter den Teppich gekehrt, so lange bis der Schuh drückt ;) Du glaubst also, nur weil jemand ein Spiel programmiert hat, weiß er über alle möglichen Fehler bescheid? Das kann nicht dein Ernst sein. Und falls doch: Ne, so ist es ganz bestimmt nicht. Ob die von dir beschriebenen Bugs nun so offensichtlich sind, daß sie bekannt sein dürften - das weiß ich nicht. Ich habe deine Beschreibungen ehrlich gesagt auch nur einmal gelesen und nicht auf Anhieb kapiert, was der zugrundeliegende Fehler ist. Aber du kannst nicht einfach davon ausgehen, daß alle Fehler bekannt sind. Alternativ kann es auch so sein, daß der Entwickler u.a. nach Bug-Meldungen priorisiert. D.h. wenn sich von allen Meldungen nur sehr wenige auf deine Probleme beziehen, kümmert man sich zuerst um andere Dinge. Wenn sie alle Fehler auf einmal beheben könnten, wären sie die letzten, die das nicht sofort täten. Also: Nicht hier Verschwörungstheorien äußern, sondern dem Support schreiben. Oder sagen wir es anders: Zuerst dem Support schreiben und dann hier Verschwörungstheorien äußern. Manch Einer, der sich ein Spiel kauft will aber nicht als Beta-Tester herhalten. Das sollte der Hersteller schon selber machen, oder eben eine Beta mit freiwilligen Spielern öffnen um auf Bug-Jagd zu gehen. Zitieren · schrieb am {{post.post_time *1000| date:"dd.MM.yyyy 'um' HH:mm 'Uhr'"}} Zitieren Zum Thema · Kommentieren Facebook Google+ -Anzeige- | | | | | Themen: PC-Spiele | PlayStation4 | Xbox One | PlayStation3 | 360 | Wii U | 3DS | PS Vita | iPhone / iPad News | Tests | Videos | Spieletipps Downloads | Klassiker | Kolumnen & Kommentare | Community Netzwerkseiten: | | | Dienste: Game Server | TeamSpeak Server | Teamspeak Hilfe & Downloads Alle RSS-Feeds | Audio-Podcast / iTunes | RSS-News | RSS-Artikel | RSS-Videos Sonstiges: | | Sitemap Alle Spiele: 0-9 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Social Networks: FACEBOOK | GOOGLE PLUS | TWITTER | YOUTUBE Mit der weiteren Nutzung unseres Angebots erklären Sie sich mit der Verwendung von Cookies einverstanden. Mehr erfahren Sie darüber auf der Datenschutz-Seite. Ich bin einverstanden
To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. Vine Report HOME U.S. SCIENCE/HEALTH WORLD ENTERTAINMENT TECH LIFE&STYLE Subscriptions Home TECH Surface Pro 5, Surface Book 2 release date, specs: seventh-generation Kaby Lake processor included? Noriel See Aug 22, 2016 9:09 PM Like Us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter (Microsoft)A promotional image of Microsoft's Surface Pro 4, Surface Book, and Surface 3 As of the moment, Microsoft has yet to confirm or deny that they are working on the Surface Pro 5 and Surface Book 2, but that did not stop the rumors concerning their specs from popping up. Several reports say that the Surface Pro 5 will feature either Intel's sixth or seventh-generation Kaby Lake processor, a USB Type-C port, and a new improved battery. There are also rumors that the high-end tablet/laptop hybrid will come with a 2K screen. However, a model that supports 4K graphics will also be available. Its memory will also be upgradable up to 16 gigabytes (GB) of random access memory (RAM). The other components that will be upgraded include the phone camera, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and the Surface Pen, which will contain a rechargeable battery that charges wirelessly. Like the Surface Pro 5, sources say that the Surface Book 2 will also use the seventh-generation Kaby Lake processor, which will support 3D and 4K, as well as virtual reality displays. The device will also have 16 GB of RAM, up to 1 terabyte of internal storage capacity, USB Type-C port connectors, as well as ThunderBolt 3 ports. It is possible that the Surface devices will be released with the Windows 10 Redstone 2 operating system. The devices are expected to be priced in the $900 to $1500 range. It was speculated that the Surface devices might be released at the same time as Windows 10's second major update in Spring 2017. News of Microsoft's plans for their Surface Pro and Surface Book lines intensified when a developer named Shubhan Chemburkar posted a photo of a wall in Microsoft's building 88. @bdsams see here pic.twitter.com/Tri8HDI1w5— Shubhan Chemburkar (@shubhan3009) July 3, 2016 The photo shows a Surface placeholder with the words "2016" and "coming soon." There are also three devices which say "2017" on them. Besides the rumored Surface Phone, Microsoft seems to be planning the next versions of the Surface Book and Surface Pro for next year. Like Us on Facebook Hot News 'Destiny 2' may be set on Mars, featuring new subclasses of Guardians... Samsung Galaxy A8 spotted at benchmarking site; Spy shots suggest a curved edge display?... 'Attack on Titan' chapter 86: Dr. Yeager's books may contain vital information about world history, ... 'Gotham' season 3 spoilers: Fish Mooney returns with a vengeance and better powers; Jim Gordon at hi... Other News Xiaomi Mi Note 2 release date: next-gen device rumored to arrive on September 24 with three variants 'One Piece' chapter 840 spoilers, news: What is Yonji planning? Are the Vinsmokes cyborgs? 'Star Wars Episode 8' spoilers, news: Adam Driver notes similarities with 'The Empire Strikes Back' Microsoft Surface Phone release date specs: promo photo may have been leaked 'Sense8' season 2 spoilers, air date: Kala and Rajan to end up together? Sikander Kher's villainous role may go against Wolfgang 'GTA 6' release date, gameplay rumors: E3 2017 announcement possible, launch in 2018 or 2020? Microsoft Surface Book 2 release date, specs: Latest news solidify supposed October launch macOS Sierra release date update: Apple releases second GM less than a week before OS debuts 'Pokémon GO' Buddy System cheats, tips, tricks: Switch Buddy Pokémon without losing total distance traveled 'One Piece' chapter 840 spoilers, plot: Sanji forced to marry Pudding by his Vinsmoke family? VINEREPORT HOME U.S. WORLD ENTERTAINMENT SCIENCE/HEALTH TECH LIFE Copyright © 2016 Vine Report. All Rights Reserved. About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Like us on facebook I already like you / Not now Your browser does not support JavaScript. Enable JavaScript or use a browser that supports it to use bublaa. ?>
Woot! Deals & Shenanigans Community Sign in Sign in New to Woot? - Sign up Your Account Stuff You Bought Customer Service Feedback Home & Kitchen Electronics Computers Tools & Garden Sports & Outdoors Fashion Kids & Toys Shirt Wine Sellout Flash Deals Woot → Today's Woot Hey, you can only buy 3 of these. Leave some for the rest of us! Update the quantity in your cart. ASUS ZenBook Pro UX501JW-UB71T Signature Edition Laptop, 15.6" 4K IPS Touchscreen, Intel Core i7-4720HQ Quad-Core, NVIDIA GTX 960M 2GB, 512GB Solid State Drive, 16GB DDR3, Win10H Condition Factory Reconditioned Screen Size 15.6" Quantity 1 2 3 Limit 3 per customer Hurry only 1 left! add to cart You missed it! But Today's Woot is waiting! Holiday Returns Discuss this Deal str8jkt98 wants to hear from any previous purchasers. join the discussion46 Gamers today make billions! And you never made anything playing Minesweeper, did you? They tell stories of those poor football players who'd run around with no padding and leather helmets, earning just dollars a day. They tell stories of baseball players who still had day jobs during the week. "How sad!" people laugh. "They could have been rich if they played today!" Guess now you, gamer of yesteryear, know how they feel. But there's still time. Buy a gaming laptop and get those Missile Command reflexes back up to par. Maybe you can take that DOTA cash in 2017. Hey, you don't know unless you try. Back to top Advertisement Note: Shown with Windows 8. Windows 10 Home Installed. Note: Shown with Windows 8. Windows 10 Home Installed. Note: Shown with Windows 8. Windows 10 Home Installed. Note: Shown with Windows 8. Windows 10 Home Installed. Note: Shown with Windows 8. Windows 10 Home Installed. Features Specs Sales Stats Top Comments Features Protect Your Stuff 1-year protection plan: $139.99 Buy Now The Art of Power The stunningly-beautiful ZenBook Pro UX501 doesn’t just lead its class - it redefines it. Using the best materials, the finest craftsmanship and the most advanced high-performance components, ZenBook Pro has jaw-dropping style and breathtaking performance. The timelessly-elegant design of the ZenBook family, with the iconic spun-metal finish echoing the spirit of Zen, is subtly enhanced with brilliant diamond-cut highlights and brushed-metal surfaces that add a touch of sophistication. The elegant theme is continued in the stylish ripple-effect pattern laser-engraved on its surface. ZenBook Pro is more than an incredibly-powerful laptop - it’s a true work of art. See the Finest Details: 4K/UHD display with incredible pixel density ASUS Splendid technology provides three optimized display settings to satisfy various using scenarios – vivid mode, eye care mode, and normal mode. The vivid mode is optimized for photo browsing and movie playback, while eye care mode being specially-designed for long-time reading that can prevent eye train. When it comes to daily working and common usages, normal mode fits the best. Besides three optimized modes, users also have the flexibility to adjust panel color temperature according to personal preference easily. Seeing is Believing: 4K/UHD display brings every detail to life The stunning 4K/UHD display gives your eyes a visual treat, whether you’re reading text, viewing photos or watching videos. The amazing resolution makes photo or video editing so much easier, with every tiny detail pin-sharp and crystal-clear. And when you’re web browsing, everything —even the smallest text — is easily visible! 100% sRGB display for superb color accuracy ZenBook Pro’s display features an ultra-wide color gamut of 72% NTSC, 100% sRGB and 96% Adobe RGB. In plain language, this means it can display more colors, more accurate colors and more vivid colors than any standard display. IPS technology ensures that contrast and color reproduction are not degraded at wide viewing angles up to 178 degrees, and with factory-calibrated color temperature for consistent color, ZenBook Pro sets a new standard for laptop displays. The best performance in class The ‘Pro' in ZenBook Pro isn't just an empty promise. Every single component — without exception — is chosen to deliver outstanding performance. A high-performance Intel® Core™ i7 processor, teamed with 16GB of RAM and gaming-grade NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX™ 960M graphics provide desktop-level performance. The latest dual-band 802.11ac Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.0 let you can connect to the outside world at the fastest possible speeds, and three SuperSpeed USB 3.0 ports plus HDMI and mini DisplayPort give you access to the latest high-performance peripherals. Professionals deserve nothing less. Four brains think faster than one At the heart of ZenBook Pro is the incredibly powerful quad-core Intel® Core™ i7-4720HQ processor, giving effortless performance for any task you can think of. With a massive 16GB of RAM, ZenBook Pro gives you super-smooth multitasking and plenty of processing horsepower in reserve for even the most intensive number-crunching tasks. ZenBook Pro will never run out of steam, whether you’re manipulating multiple large office documents like spreadsheets and graphics-loaded presentations, watching 4K videos, rendering complex 3D graphics or simply relaxing with the latest and most resource-hungry 3D games. Ultimate Graphics for Exclusive Experience Editing high-definition videos can be a frustrating task on an underpowered laptop. ZenBook Pro has all the ingredients needed to make sure your creativity isn’t hampered by waiting: a powerful processor, lots of high-speed RAM, ultra-fast flash storage and, of course, a high-performance NVIDIA graphics chip. The smooth, fluid and responsive graphics performance ensures your editing will flow, not stutter along. Next-Generation Wi-Fi ZenBook Pro includes next-generation dual-band 802.11ac Wi-Fi, with speeds of up to 867Mbit/s - three times as fast as previous-generation 802.11n. With twice the coverage, you can work or play anywhere, anytime. And what’s more, it works perfectly with all your existing wireless devices. Connect Faster: USB 3 ports get all connected and powered All three USB ports on ZenBook Pro are SuperSpeed USB 3.0 ports. With up to ten-times faster data transfers than USB 2.0, you can open even the largest files in a fraction of the time. USB 3.0 also has more power for charging mobile devices, and is fully compatible with all your existing USB devices. And with the exclusive ASUS USB Charger+ technology, mobile devices charge quicker - even when ZenBook Pro is powered off. SonicMaster Premium : Truly Incredible Sound ZenBook Pro features SonicMaster Premium, incorporating ICEpower®, Bang & Olufsen technology, developed by the ASUS Golden Ear audio engineering team for the ultimate audio experience. SonicMaster Premium produces sound that’s best-in-class and unlike anything you’ve ever heard from a laptop, with deep rich bass and crystal-clear vocals, even at high volume levels. The Power of Touch Featuring the same 16:9 aspect ratio as the 4K/UHD display, the large glass-coated multi-touch touchpad on ZenBook Pro is designed to be as intuitive and accurate as possible. Smart Gestures simulate many of Windows 8.1’s touchscreen functions on the touchpad, such as the right-edge swipe that shows the Charms bar. Smart Gestures also work in a wide range of applications. Backlit for a better typing experience A keyboard is still the best way to get things done for most professionals, so naturally we gave ZenBook Pro the best available. The keys are expertly tuned to require just the right amount of force to press and have just the right amount of travel -1.6mm to be precise - so it’s both quiet and comfortable for extended periods of typing. The separate number keys are a boon for data entry, and the backlight lets you always be able to see the keys, wherever you’re working - even in complete darkness. Key Features: Get reliable performance from the Intel Core i7-4720HQ 2.6GHz Quad-Core processor 15.6" 4K Ultra-HD LED-backlit IPS Touchscreen with 3840 x 2160 resolution showcases movies and games in stunning clarity 16GB DDR3 memory - For multitasking power; supports up to 16GB PCI-E 512GB solid state drive for an amazingly smooth and fast computing experience USB 3.0 has transmission speeds of up to 5 Gbit/s, which is 10 times faster than USB 2.0 Enhanced viewing with the discrete NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960M with 2GB GDDR5 dedicated graphics memory Wirelessly connect to a Wi-Fi signal or hotspot with the built-in 802.11ac wireless connection Easily link with other Bluetooth-enabled devices, such as a mobile phone or MP3s players Windows 10 is so familiar and easy to use, you’ll feel like an expert. It starts up and resumes fast, has more built-in security to help keep you safe, and comes with great built-in apps like Maps, Photos, Mail & Calendar, Music, and Video Shipping Note: Shipping to Alaska and Hawaii is not available for this item A physical address is required for delivery. No Military or PO Box shipments available Warranty: 90 Day Asus Sales Stats Snapshot Quantity Breakdown 92% bought 1 5% bought 2 3% bought 3 Speed to First Woot: 16m 27.221s First Sucker: Yanchi See full sales stats Specs Specifications: Processor: Intel Core i7-4720HQ 2.6GHz (Turbo up to 3.6GHz) Processor Core: Quad-Core Screen Size: 15.6" Aspect Ratio: 16:9 Resolution: 3840 x 2160 Display Type: 4K Ultra-HD IPS Touchscreen Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960M 2GB GDDR5 Memory: 16GB DDR3 1600MHz (supports up to 16GB) Hard Drive: PCI-E 512GB Solid State Drive Optical Drive: None Network: via USB Adapter (not included) Wireless: 802.11ac/a/b/g/n (Miracast enabled) Bluetooth: v4.0 Card Reader: 2 -in-1 card reader ( SD/ SDXC) Speakers: Built-in Stereo Speakers Sound: ASUS SonicMaster Webcam: 1.2MP webcam Microphone: Integrated Keyboard: Backlit Keyboard Pointing Device: Touchpad I/O Ports: HDMI: 1 Thunderbolt / mini DisplayPort: 1 USB 3.0: 3 Headphone/Microphone Combo: 1 Operating System: Genuine Windows 10 Home (64-bit) Power: AC Adapter 6-Cell Lithium Polymer Battery Dimensions: 15.10 x 10.00 x 0.80 in Weight: 5.04 lbs   In the box: ASUS ZenBook Pro UX501JW-UB71T Signature Edition Laptop, 15.6" 4K IPS Touchscreen, Intel Core i7-4720HQ Quad-Core, NVIDIA GTX 960M 2GB, 512GB Solid State Drive, 16GB DDR3, Win10H AC Adapter Sales Stats Speed to First Woot: 16m 27.221s First Sucker: Yanchi Last Wooter to Woot: slivertea Purchaser Experience 24% first woot 7% second woot 22% < 10 woots 16% < 25 woots 31% ≥ 25 woots Purchaser Seniority 21% joined today 0% one week old 1% one month old 6% one year old 72% > one year old Quantity Breakdown 92% bought 1 5% bought 2 3% bought 3 Percentage of Sales Per Hour 1% 3% 2% 2% 3% 4% 1% 2% 3% 6% 5% 5% 2% 5% 6% 3% 6% 4% 3% 7% 5% 6% 9% 6% 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 Woots by State zero wooters wootinglots of wooters wooting Top Comments What are Top Comments? Top Comments are discussion forum posts we have deemed worthy of your time. Listen, we get a lot of comments, and most of the time, it's pretty forgettable stuff; but sometimes you rise to the top like butterfat in milk. We don't recommend you base your self-worth on how often we feature your comments, but we don't expressly forbid it either. join the discussion (46 comments) str8jkt98 wants to hear from any previous purchasers. 3:22 AM, 8/21/2016 join the discussion (46 comments) Advertisement Asus 15.6" 4K Ultra-HD Intel i7 Touch Ultrabook http://www.woot.com/offers/asus-15-6-4k-ultra-hd-intel-i7-touch-ultrabook-3 $849.99 Sold Out Electronics > Computers $849.99 USD false 1 Retail EA 1 3 Woot! Woot http://www.woot.com 4121 International Pkwy Carollton TX 75007 U.S.A. Woot Home.Woot Electronics.Woot Computers.Woot Tools.Woot Sport.Woot Accessories.Woot Kids.Woot Shirt.Woot Wine.Woot Sellout.Woot Woot Today's Woot Blog Community What is Woot? Customer Service Feedback Community Woots World of Woot Everything But Woot Blog Woot News Laffs Miscellanea What Is Woot? Woot FAQ Woot Affiliates Careers at Woot Product Recall Notices Woot's Return Policy Terms and Conditions Product Warranty Privacy Policy Vendor Resources Write Us Ways To Woot Facebook/woot @Woot on Twitter Woot Sale RSS Woot Blog RSS Or Make Your Own! Mumbo Jumbo Woot.com is operated by Woot Services LLC. Products on Woot.com are sold by Woot, Inc., other than items on Wine.Woot which are sold by the seller specified on the product detail page. Product narratives are for entertainment purposes and frequently employ literary point of view; the narratives do not express Woot's editorial opinion. Aside from literary abuse, your use of this site also subjects you to Woot's terms of use and privacy policy. Woot may designate a user comment as a Quality Post, but that doesn't mean we agree with or guarantee anything said or linked to in that post. Woot logos, site design, & content © Woot, Inc. 2004-2016. All Rights Reserved.
Toggle navigation James Altucher About Books Podcast Appearances Altucher Report Free Updates I Made a Mistake Here’s what happened… I bought too many books…. Usually that’s a good thing. This time it wasn’t. I bought over 1,000 copies of two of my favorite books ever written. It was an accident, but now I want you to profit off of my mistake. First I’m going to tell you what the two books are. Second, I’m going to tell you how I’m going to give you these two books for cheaper than you can find them anywhere else (plus I’m going to throw in some extras). Bold  In 2000 I read “The Tipping Point” by Malcolm Gladwell like everyone else did and put it nice and neat on my bookshelf so anyone walking into my office could see it. I didn’t understand it. I kept asking myself: OK, he shows all of these ‘tipping points’ when a business suddenly breaks out and everyone is buying their products. But he doesn’t show us how a technique to get to a tipping point. He doesn’t show how to predict a tipping point, or any way at all to benefit from one. He did this all in “Blink” also. I just didn’t get it. But finally in “Bold” I got it. They basically tell you how to determine what industries are going to hit a tipping point and almost exactly the day it will happen. I don’t know if that was there intent but when they came on my podcast we discussed it. They talk about industries that have exponential growth that can almost be explained by a formula. Like the famous “Moore’s Law” named after the former CEO of Intel in 1965 when he said that (more or less) that computing power would double every year. This is sort of like the story of the history of chess. A man in India taught the king a game he invented: chess. The king was so happy he said, “Ask for anything you want and I will give it to you! The man pointed to the chessboard and said, “I just want a piece of wheat on the first square, two pieces of wheat on the second square, four on the third, and double on each square until square 64. ” The king thought the man was a fool. He put a single stalk of wheat on the first square. And then kept doubling. By the time he was about halfway through the board, he had to put his entire kingdom on the square. So what did he do? He killed the man. Back then there were simple solutions to hard problems. The authors of Bold define the “6 Ds” that help you if an industry is about to turn exponential (in other words, they are about to go from the tiny tiny sizes to exponentially large sizes) and they discuss which specific industries are on their radar. They talk about 3D Printing, Robotics, Sensors, and so on…. Fascinating book. And then… The Essays of Warren Buffett There are a lot of books out there about investor Warren Buffett (including one that I wrote in 2005) and I can tell you this: Almost all of them suck. Most books go on and on about how Buffett is a value investor (he’s not) and what value investing means (almost all of the descriptions are wrong). I don’t know what purpose these books serve, other than to maybe help the authors raise money for their own funds (“Oh, investing with him is like investing with Warren Buffett!” It’s not.) or sell more books (“Warren Buffett is always hot,” my then-editor told me before my book had practically no sales). But, I do have to say, this is the one book I would buy about Warren Buffett (over my own). Author Lawrence Cunningham delivers the real goods on Buffett and the work that has gone into his mind-blowing success. Not in terms of a biography of the man (who cares) but in terms of his collected wisdom about corporate America. The book is a curated collection of the almost 50 letters that Warren Buffett has sent to shareholders of his company, Berkshire Hathaway. These letters are rarely about investing. They are about business. Many people ask, “What stock should I buy?” or “What stock is going to go up in the next two months so I can make some money?” Warren Buffett doesn’t ask that. He asks, “What business is likely to be here 20 years from now? Because if it will still be around then, it’s probably a good investment now.” And then Buffett gives case study after case study on both his successes and his many failures and how he judges whether a business is good or not. Warren Buffett has been working about 10 hours a day since the early 1950s, learning how to effectively value and understand businesses. That’s about 5,000 hours a year for 60 years. Buffett has put in his 10,000 hours… times three! What better person to learn from than someone who dedicated 60 years of his life to becoming the best businessman in the world? Cunningham scoured all of Buffett’s writings and pulled the most salient pieces out to compile this book of essays. So we get an expert curation on the entirety Buffett’s business and investing philosophies. It’s a great book if you want to be better at your own investments and your own approach to life. And for the next few days I’ll give you something you can’t buy anywhere. Even the best mentors can only take you so far… You HAVE to become an “idea machine”.  Here’s how I do it (and what I’ll give you to help you do it too). Come up with 10 ideas a day.  Everyday.  I carry a waiters pad with me everywhere I go.  I make lists, I create new ideas. I can’t tell you if you should too, but I can tell you it’s saved my life over and over again.  If you want to try I’ll send you the same kind of waiters pad I use as part of this “Quickstart” gift bundle. Write.  I’ll also send you a “Choose Yourself” pen…  I mean, you’ve got to write your ideas down with something. Listen.  I spent a few weeks creating a CD with some of my best podcasts.  This is a highlight reel that shares some of the toughest questions I’ve asked or answered.  Plus in-depth interviews with people who will challenge your view on the world.  These people helped me grow. They’ll help you too. Note:  these gifts are only available with this special gift set. So here’s where you get to take advantage of my mistake. Say “yes” to this offer and I’ll send you all of this today. 1NedSprockethead1 Times thirty. x32 I’d agree with you (and James) here if 10h a day wouldn’t be 10h x 6d (in hope that Mr. Buffett has one day off) x 52w = 3120h per year. I think a bit of excitement is understandable when someone talks about Mr. Buffett ))) Thanks to James for pointing to “The Essays of Warren Buffett”. Charles Boisseau Great stuff. The message is harmed a little by the sloppiness and incorrect grammar, such as the usage of “there” (it’s “their”) and the irritating way you put periods outside of closing quote marks. (They go inside.) Moore’s Law refers to computing power doubling not every 12 months, but 18 months. Clean this up please. I so love your messages. You might consider hiring an editor like myself. Grammar Policia … like me. Not like myself. Try it this way: You might consider hiring me. Or, You might consider hiring myself. Hmmmm. Charles Boisseau No, silly. The way I wrote it is accurate and works for this. BTW, I’m not asking him to hire me. Hire an outstanding editor — like myself. Jaye Agree. This it true of all of James’ posts, though. All of his posts, newsletters, and yes, even books are full of grammatical and spelling errors. He chooses not to employ even a proofreader, much less an editor. Not sure why that is, but I have my guesses. ;-) Pamela Ravenwood Great offer. Why is there always that jerk who feels it their job to be the grammar police? They didn’t get the memo that it’s actually more annoying to be corrected than to Se a simple misspelling. 😏 Grammar Policia It’s actually not more annoying than seeing professional writers make careless mistakes. Would you correct your surgeon if he/she tried to use a screwdriver instead of a scalpel? I love James’ writing, but the punctuation outside the quotes is maddening and distracting. Charles Boisseau Yes, I’d correct them just as you sought to correct me. Since you are doing the grammar policing thing, consider putting all your corrections in a comment to James, rather than waste your time correcting commenters’ comments, and perhaps you’ll get his attention. The errors take away from his message and, as they say these days, “brand.” Charles Boisseau Oh, a personal attack and name-calling. There’s annoying for you. terre I’m pretty sure James could not care less about the grammar police, or your defense of him. He might be amused by your unintelligible post, however. kdsays I love this post!! Absolutely hilarious. I am going to BUY your BOOK!! Jaye This guy, like everyone else publishing this sort of blah blah blah, appeals to people who are not happy with their lives and thus need someone to say, “Hey – choose yourself – change your life – act now and you too can own only 15 things and be a millionaire”. It’s a sad society we live in, but it’s one in which the newcomers don’t want to work, so they’re enamored by the idea of sitting around all day in coffee shops writing ideas down on waiter’s pads and becoming millionaires. James is taking advantage of this time in history. I say good for him! “I Choose Me!” is the great mantra of this narcissistic generation and he’s capitalizing on it. I must admit – that was one great idea he wrote down on his waiter’s pad! More power to him. To everyone else, stop reading and start doing. Get out there and make this world a better place every day. Just a little better, every day. Care. Care about more than yourself. (Yes, you need to care about yourself – I’m saying care about MORE than ONLY yourself.) Go out and create a beautiful day – for yourself AND for someone else (or many others!) Will Roche James I was sent to this article from an automated email you sent me. Why don’t you write a book about how to sell a book? Having written a book this year I clearly understand how hard it is to get any sales volume. You sold 600,000 copies of one of you books about life. Why and how? I agree that there are way too many books out there and not enough people reading these days. Might I suggest having that marketing machine you have built is a big swinger? https://www.amazon.com/Frank-Wilson-Twelve-Apostles-Beginning/dp/1530170095/ref=tmm_pap_swatch_0?_encoding=UTF8&qid=&sr= Fernando I’m not finding the book BOLD. Where can I buy it? Latest Podcast Episode     Get Started With 5 Of My Most Popular Posts The 100 Rules for Being an Entrepreneur The Ultimate Cheat Sheet For Investing All of Your Money How to Self-Publish a Bestseller: Publishing 3.0 How to be THE LUCKIEST GUY ON THE PLANET in 4 Easy Steps Three Trends for the Next 50 Years Main Menu Home Podcast Contact Affiliate Information Copyright 2016 - Altucher Confidential - All Rights Reserved Join My Free Newsletter I'll teach you how to thrive in a world out of balance. Sign up today to get my free tips and ideas. I Choose Me!
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,285 Reviews & Articles | 53,009 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News CPU, APU & Chipsets AMD stock in a Zen like state, up 330% this year alone AMD stock continues to impress, up 330% this year alone and will soon ride the success of Zen By: Anthony Garreffa | CPU, APU & Chipsets News | Posted: Aug 21, 2016 5:53 am Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA You've got to hand it to AMD, they have been having a great past 12 months or so, riding the success of their new Polaris architecture, and the tease of Zen has investors pleased. So much so, that AMD stock has increased by a massive 330% in the last year, rising another 8% today on the back of the positive news of Zen from IDF 2016.     AMD has had a few years of financial grief, but it looks like the company is getting past this, returning to profitability in Q2 and should hopefully continue that with the sales of the Radeon RX 480, RX 470 and RX 460 throughout the rest of 2016, and into 2017. But the last week has been all about Zen, AMD's next-gen CPU architecture, which has been impressing us for quite a while now. AMD's new Zen architecture looks to have the company on an even playing field with Intel once again, who has had a monopoly on the market for what feels like forever.   Zen won't see the light of day for consumers and gamers until early 2017, but it will be delivering a 40% improvement of IPC (Instructions Per Clock), which is beyond impressive for something that has probably only reached testing phases now. AMD will continue to improve its Zen craft, with next-gen motherboards also featuring new connectivity like M.2 SSD support, USB Type-C and support for the likes of DDR4 RAM, and more.     Looking deeper into AMD's financials over the years, here we have a 5-year look at AMD stock. You can see that it really did bottom out throughout 2015, even after the launch of their exciting HBM1-powered Radeon R9 Fury X graphics card, powered by the new Fiji architecture. Looking back to 2012, AMD was hitting $8 per share - where the company finds itself today.     Rewinding all the way back to the 80s, we can see that AMD rode quite the wave back in the day - and I remember that wave fondly. In the 90s the company was fighting Intel in multiple races, with the K6 architecture jogging some serious memories for me. AMD was the first to market with a dual-core CPU, something that really did do an Apple and change everything for PC users. I fondly remember building my new AMD Athlon X2 3800+ system at the time, and it blowing my mind that I could do multiple things at once.   You can see that in 2000-2001 the company hit a major high, with close to $100 per share (nearly 10x where they are now) which was before the huge $5.4 billion acquisition of ATI in 2006. Since then, it hasn't quite gotten its footing, but things are turning around with Zen, Polaris, the next-gen Vega architecture and then the GPU architecture after that - Na'vi, will be even better again.   It's a great time to be an AMD fan! NEWS SOURCES:Tomshardware.com Recommended for You Intel's new Kaby Lake-based Core i7-7700K will cost... Intel's new Atom processor is a step closer to Skynet... Core i7-7700K hits 6.7GHz on LN2, i5-7600K 5.1GHz... Samsung: 10nm FinFET SoC now in mass production >> NEXT STORY: Xbox exec says the PC won't kill Xbox, we say duh << PREVIOUS STORY: Deus Ex: Mankind Divided's $30 season pass has story DLC Related Tags AMD AMD stock AMD Zen AMD Polaris Intel Apple Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Samuria Shodown VI compatible for PS4, avaliable Nov. 22 Twitter blocked their CEO's Twitter profile Nintendo Switch listed at $245, to release March 17? New Christmas themed Skylander joins the figurine team Samsung adding advertisements to old TVs through updateView More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity use smart backup Trump Towers Sunny Isles Beach Sunny Isles Beach Apartments | Sunny Isles Beach Condos | https://trumptowermiamicondosforsale.com/ BIOSTAR Racing Z170GTN Mini-ITX Motherboard Review Antec Cube-Designed by Razer Mini-ITX Chassis Preview 970A-G/3.1 Bios non-responsiveView More Forum Posts Press Releases Asius technologies crowdfunds to produce its revolutionary ADEL Drum Bionic earbuds University of Toronto selects CoolIT Systems to liquid cool signal processor for CHIME Project MSI VR One backpack PC and GS63VR Stealth Pro gaming notebook recognized as 2017 CES innovation honoree G.SKILL releases new RIPJAWS KM570 RGB mechanical gaming keyboard Next Generation Esports (NGE) launches BattleRekt tournamentView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2016 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
null
null
null
null
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Hey techbros, make an airplane mode but for driving for your apps – US traffic watchdog USS Zumwalt gets Panama tug job after yet another breakdown Visa cries foul over Euro regulator's stronger authentication demands Sorry, iPhone fans – only Fandroids get Barclays' tap-to-withdraw Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH HPE core servers and storage under pressure Stay out of my server room! Dell EMC's Pure-crushing benchmarks are flawed, says, er, Pure NetComm kicked to the curb by nbn™ for fibre-not-quite-to-the-home Hey techbros, make an airplane mode but for driving for your apps – US traffic watchdog AWS to launch Aurora service for PostgreSQL at re:Invent – report Obama awards honours to Grace Hopper, Margaret Hamilton for computing contributions Microsoft still working to fix Outlook sync issues Visa cries foul over Euro regulator's stronger authentication demands Sorry, iPhone fans – only Fandroids get Barclays' tap-to-withdraw Comcast is the honey badger of ISPs – injects pop-ups into browsers, doesn't give a fsck Deliver-oops! Takeaway pusher's customers burger-ed by hijackers The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Continuous Lifecycle 2017: Ten days to tell us how DevOps really works Puppet pulls in (almost) former Cisco exec to head EMEA Put down the org chart, snowflake: Why largile's for management crybabies Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Policy The Channel Fibre pushers get UK budget tax reprieve Surprise, surprise. BT the only Universal Service Obligation provider in town Gov's industrial strategy: 'Look, we've changed the words above our door' Euro Patent office staff call again for King Battistelli regicide Microsoft's nerd goggles will run on a toaster Speaking in Tech: 'You idiot - you could've done that in 3 clicks' HTC and OnePlus spruce up flagships for Santa's sack Allow us to sum this up: UK ISP Plusnet minus net for nine-plus hours SPB Geek's Guide LAKE OF frozen WATER THE SIZE OF NEW MEXICO FOUND ON MARS – NASA New state of matter discovered by superconductivity gurus International Space Station celebrates 18th birthday in true style – by setting trash on fire NASA trying to rein in next-generation super-heavy lifter costs Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things 2016. AI boffins picked a hell of a year to train a neural net by making it watch the news AI is all trendy and fun – but it's still a long way from true intelligence, Facebook boffins admit MP Kees Verhoeven wants EU to regulate the Internet of S**t Dyn Dyn Dyn – we have a buyer: Oracle gobbles Internet of Things DDoS victim Verity Stob USS Zumwalt gets Panama tug job after yet another breakdown Reg man 0: Japanese electronic toilet 1 Twitter bans own CEO Jack Dorsey from Twitter Trial date set for Brit police 'copter coppers over spying-on-doggers claims More like this Samsung Smartphones Personal Tech 'Neural network' spotted deep inside Samsung's Galaxy S7 silicon brain Secrets of Exynos M1 cores spilled 22 Aug 2016 at 21:31, Chris Williams Chris Williams Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Windows 10, Arm, Apple, Intel, Microsoft Recent Articles Today the web was broken by countless hacked devices – your 60-second summary AMD is a rounding error on Intel's spreadsheet and that sucks for us all Intel stock falls on glum Q4 Hot Chips Samsung has revealed the blueprints to its mystery M1 processor cores at the heart of its S7 and S7 Edge smartphones. International versions of the top-end Android mobiles, which went on sale in March, sport a 14nm FinFET Exynos 8890 system-on-chip that has four standard 1.6GHz ARM Cortex-A53 cores and four M1 cores running at 2.3 to 2.6GHz. Only two M1 cores are allowed to kick it up to the maximum frequency at any one time to avoid draining batteries and overheating pockets. Each M1 typically consumes less than three watts. The M1, codenamed Mongoose, was designed from scratch in three years by a team in the US, and it runs 32-bit and 64-bit ARMv8-A code. In benchmarks, the Exynos 8890 SoC is behind Apple's iPhone 6S A9 chip in terms of single-core performance, but pushes ahead in multi-core tests. Mongoose has so far remained under wraps. The lid on the microarchitecture was lifted by Samsung in a presentation at the Hot Chips conference in Cupertino, California, today. One thing that caught our eye was a mention that the branch predictor uses a neural network to take a good guess at the twists and turns the software will take through its code. If your CPU can predict accurately which instructions an app is going to execute next, you can continue priming the processing pipeline with instructions rather than dumping the pipeline every time you hit a jump. "The neural net gives us very good prediction rates," said Brad Burgess, who is Samsung's chief CPU architect and is based at the South Korean giant's R&D center in Austin, Texas. Branch predictor design is one of the most closely guarded secrets in the semiconductor industry. It is a key differentiator between competing architectures, and vendors often don't even bother to patent their technology because it would spill the details in public with no easy or reliable way of proving infringement, given the staggering complexity of branch prediction logic in modern processors. A basic branch prediction system works by building an internal table that has a two-bit counter per recently seen branch instruction. If a branch is taken, you add one to its counter up to a maximum of three, and if it isn't, you subtract one until you reach zero. So if a branch's counter is stuck at three then it is regularly taken, and you can anticipate that. If it is sitting on zero, it is rarely taken, so you can ignore it and continue fetching and decoding the following instructions. Intel, AMD and other chip designers don't stop there, though, and use advanced prediction techniques, some of which will resemble neural network designs with decision-making perceptrons. However, because no one really likes to talk about it in detail, descriptions of artificially intelligent branch predictors loiter in computer science papers and academic studies [PDFs]. It is interesting that Samsung has broken ranks by publicly declaring that its prediction engine is a neural network. David Kanter, Linley Group's microprocessor analyst, told us today's state-of-the-art branch prediction systems are based on neural-network-like designs: for example, AMD's Jaguar and Bobcat predictors use similar technology. Burgess, now a veep at Samsung, was formerly chief architect of AMD's Bobcat microarchitecture. AMD's Zen architect Mike Clark confirmed to us his microarchitecture uses a hashed perceptron system in its branch prediction. "Maybe I should have called it a neural net," he added. So, Samsung says it has a neural network branch predictor in its mobile phone chip. Intel and AMD quietly have ones too in their desktop and server processors. Yet again, we're reminded that today's top smartphones are yesterday's PCs in your pocket. Perhaps Samsung highlighted its neural network because it has done something novel with the design; perhaps because it sounds cool. Here's a rundown of what else is under the hood in Samsung's M1 cores: Each core has a 64KB instruction cache. Its caches are described as low latency and low power The decode stage can crunch four instructions per cycle. Most instructions map directly to a single micro-op. The core is capable of full out-of-order execution including loads and stores, with a multi-stream and multi-stride prefetcher The integer processing unit has a 96-entry physical register file The floating-point unit needs five cycles to perform a multiply-and-accumulate operation, four for a multiply and three for an add The load-store unit talks to a 32KB data cache This is a basic view of the pipeline with two branch prediction stages, three fetch, three decode, two register renaming, one dispatch, then four or six stages of execution, followed by arbitration and cache tagging Finally, the floor plans of one core and the whole M1 quad-core cluster. The TBW is the TLB walker. There is a lot of logic bussing data from the CPUs to the 2MB 16-way shared L2 cache Finally, for those wondering if the M1 will form the basis of a Samsung ARM data center processor design, Burgess said the M1 isn't really suited for that: it lacks a large L2 cache and a beefy vectorization unit, for example. ® Sponsored: 10 Reasons LinuxONE is the best choice for Linux workloads Tips and corrections 45 Comments More from The Register Samsung halts production of Galaxy Note 7 Stops throwing fuel on the fire 49 Comments Samsung to Galaxy Note 7 users: Turn it off. Now Phirebug phablet phreeze conphirmed as Samsung orders all sales and swaps stopped 56 Comments Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Biggest market share crash in Gartner history 17 Comments Samsung wants your exploding Galaxy Note 7. Have a new one instead Replacement programme for UK and Ireland 27 Comments How could things get worse for Samsung? Glad you asked Corporate HQ raided by South Korea's corruption busters 12 Comments HPE, Samsung take clouds to carriers NFV tie-up puts Samsung software on HPE kit Whitepapers Build scalable and secure public cloud services Based on the industry-leading products and technologies your customers demand, Red Hat provides a complete set of platforms, tools, and software components you need to build a scalable, agile, and secure cloud services infrastructure. Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Securing Productivity in the Borderless Enterprise Before you transform your business with mobility services, you need to consider both the management and security challenges you’ll face from the combination of mobile devices and cloud-based apps. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Most read LAKE OF frozen WATER THE SIZE OF NEW MEXICO FOUND ON MARS – NASA Twitter bans own CEO Jack Dorsey from Twitter Emulating x86: Microsoft builds granny flat into Windows 10 Irish eyes are crying: Tens of thousands of broadband modems wide open to hijacking Google declares victory for its Wifi router before it's even shipped Spotlight Speaking in Tech: 'You idiot - you could've done that in 3 clicks' Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Google may just have silently snuffed the tablet computer Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down HPE core servers and storage under pressure Stay out of my server room! US telecoms industry weighs up the Trump effect Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Today Subscribe Newsletter Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Census: IT accounts for 4.6 million jobs —… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Broncos huddle with needy Nuggets stun Bulls C-470 expansion project DIA 8th in delays Cheryl Preheim leaving 9News Denver Weather Business Technology Census: IT accounts for 4.6 million jobs — and most of them are going to men Female IT workers earned less in 2014 than men made in the 70s Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By The Washington Post PUBLISHED: August 22, 2016 at 3:07 pm | UPDATED: August 22, 2016 at 9:15 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Denver Sheriff Department penalized for wrongful hiring practices Cheryl Preheim leaving 9News Denver for Atlanta U.S. court blocks overtime expansion pay rule for 4 million people Judge hears arguments in Highlands Ranch neighbors’ effort to halt C-470 expansion Three leaders in the Bandidos motorcycle club headed to prison Broncos’ high-stakes meeting with Chiefs carries only one guarantee: drama The percentage of women working in the information technology field has always been relatively low, but it didn’t used to be as low as it is now. It peaked at 31 percent in 1990, then declined by about 6 percent over the past decade, even as the percentage of women in other occupations has steadily risen. That’s just one notable metric from a new Census Bureau report released last week that provides a bird’s-eye view of the changing field of computer work since the 1970s. The report also shows that most IT workers tend to be young, male and often foreign-born, and that the field has grown considerably in size and complexity as technology becomes increasingly important. The report found the number of IT jobs has grown from 450,000 in 1970 to 4.6 million in 2014, which accounts for 2.9 percent of the labor force. Additionally, IT work has become increasingly diverse, growing from three categories in the 1970s to 12 in 2014, reflecting new professions within the field. “In these early years, computers were large, expensive mainframes mostly used by governments, research laboratories, and manufacturing firms,” the report said, citing the mid-1970s as the beginning of the personal-computer boom. “As the market expanded, so did the demand for IT workers.” IT jobs identified in the 1970s included computer programmers, systems analysts and computer specialists. As the field grew in size in the following decades, jobs such as database administrators, information security analysts and Web developers were born. The report also reflects not just new jobs but also old ones that have been classified more accurately. Wages in the IT field have grown in the past four decades for men and women. In the ’70s, men were paid a median of $74,180, which jumped to $80,895 in 2014. The field represents a rare net rise in earnings — wages for men across all professions have gone down over the same timeline, according to the census report. For women, wages have grown in IT and across all other professions, although median wages for women are overall lower than for men. In 1970, the median wage for women working in IT jobs was $57,315, and in 2014 it jumped to $70,385. Clearly, the wage gap has closed slightly over the years, but it persists. A breakdown of wage and gender on a specific job level reveals that the wage gap tends to be bigger where there are more women employed. For example, for the job of database administrator, which has the most equal breakdown of genders within the IT field, the gender wage gap was the highest. The wage gap along with the drop in female workers in IT, which decreased from 31 percent to 25 percent since the ’90s, shows that issues surrounding lack of women in tech persist. The report also projects that the field will grow by 18 percent by 2022, although the latest Bureau of Labor Statistics occupational handbook has the industry’s growth at 12 percent by 2022. While the growth in industry jobs is irrefutable, some experts, including Ronil Hira, an economist at the Economic Policy Institute (EPI), aren’t impressed by these numbers in context. “Given the large amount of IT spending by all companies and the outsized role that IT plays in consumers’ lives, employment in the sector should be much higher,” he said, citing recent layoffs and the trend of offshoring IT jobs to less expensive countries as examples that the industry might be more unstable than the report suggests. Cisco announced 5,500 layoffs last week on the heels of Intel’s 12,000 layoffs and Dell’s 10,000 worker cuts, adding to a total of 63,000 IT job losses this year alone. Hira said that many of the jobs are going abroad to places such as India. “The next generation of IT jobs will be created in those countries rather than the U.S.,” he predicted. Hira is also concerned with the IT field’s tendency to hire young, foreign-born workers. The census report shows that more than half of all IT workers are between the ages of 25 and 44 and that 24 percent are foreign-born. Hira suspects that a number of these employees are guest workers employed under H1-B or L-1 visas. These workers tend to be young, male and, despite being highly skilled, are employed in the United States under uncertain conditions and at considerably lower pay. While the census report does not dive into the number of IT workers who have guest visas, EPI’s own analysis has estimated that about two-thirds of all hires each year are employed under guest-worker visas. “This drives down wages and harms working conditions for Americans and immigrants alike because H-1B workers are paid less,” Hira said. “It reduces incentives to make IT more inclusive demographically, and reduces incentives to invest in training and retraining for incumbent workers.” Tags:  More Business News Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off blog comments powered by Disqus More in Technology Fund to invest in the 32 companies in which John Malone has a hand November 22, 2016, 5:00 pm John Malone has something that sets him apart from his fellow billionaires: an ETF dedicated to his investments. Dish’s Sling TV joins Comcast’s X1 November 22, 2016, 9:32 pm In head-scratching TV news, Sling TV announced plans Tuesday to offer its internet TV service to Comcast users on the cable provider’s X1 platform. How Fender’s trying to convince people to put down the Playstation and pick up a Stratocaster November 21, 2016, 4:11 pm Each holiday season, thousands of teenagers tear gift wrap off shiny, new guitars. They giddily pluck at the detuned strings, thinking how cool they’ll be once they’re rock stars — even if almost all will give up before they ever get to jam out to “Sweet Child o’ Mine.” Comcast increasing internet speeds for pricier plans in Denver and West region November 21, 2016, 12:10 pm Comcast has begun notifying certain internet customers that download speeds are getting an upgrade following improvements to its network and operations. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2016 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
80+ tech companies petition NC governor to overturn LGBT discrim - WFXG FOX 54 Augusta - Your News One Hour Earlier Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME News & Weather Apps NEWS Local News Georgia News South Carolina News National News Crime News Education News Military News Health News Tech Elections WEATHER Hurricane season 2016 Weather and disaster coverage Interactive Radar Weather Alerts Georgia River Levels from NWS Pollen Count SPORTS 2016 Paralympic Games SEC Coverage ACC Digital Network ACC Video Vault Entertainment CSRA Entertainment Entertainment News Video Right This Minute Video Most Popular Videos TV WFXG TV Listings FOX On Demand TMZ Children's Television Programming Reports Community For Our Children High 5 4 Kids 2 Strong 4 Bullies Community Calendar Angel Tree Contests Hardee's Tailgate Takeout Southern Siding Home Makeover Watch, Text, and Win with Family Feud ABOUT US Contact Us WFXG-TV transmitter upgrade News Team Meet Our Staff Closed Captioning Concerns EEO Public File FCC Public Inspection Files Digital Sales Jobs at WFXG Advertise With Us   80+ tech companies petition NC governor to overturn LGBT discrimination law 2016-03-30T19:46:01Z From Digital TrendsMore>> The Trump effect? Apple considers manufacturing iPhones in the U.S. The Trump effect? Apple considers manufacturing iPhones in the U.S. Restoring thousands of manufacturing jobs to the United States’ struggling Rust Belt communities was one of President-Elect Donald Trump’s biggest campaign promises, and at least one major technology company is considering following through.  More >> Restoring thousands of manufacturing jobs to the United States’ struggling Rust Belt communities was one of President-Elect Donald Trump’s biggest campaign promises, and at least one major technology company is considering following through. More >> Chrysler and Cummins are latest companies accused of emissions cheating Chrysler and Cummins are latest companies accused of emissions cheating Chrysler and engine supplier Cummins were named in a class-action lawsuit alleging the two companies conspired to hide excess emissions from diesel pickup trucks built between 2007 and 2012. More >> Chrysler and engine supplier Cummins were named in a class-action lawsuit alleging the two companies conspired to hide excess emissions from diesel pickup trucks built between 2007 and 2012.More >> China to Trump: Don’t be ‘naive,’ or iPhone sales could suffer China to Trump: Don’t be ‘naive,’ or iPhone sales could suffer China is taking a stance against Trump. In a piece published Monday by the state-run Global Times, the newspaper said that the incoming U.S. president would be "naive" to engage in a trade war with China. More >> China is taking a stance against Trump. In a piece published Monday by the state-run Global Times, the newspaper said that the incoming U.S. president would be "naive" to engage in a trade war with China.More >> A wannabe weatherman allegedly started a wildfire to boost Facebook views A wannabe weatherman allegedly started a wildfire to boost Facebook views A wannabe weatherman in Kentucky is alleged to have started a wildfire so he could report on it, apparently in the hope of driving more traffic to his Facebook page. He was recently arrested on a second-degree arson charge.More >> A wannabe weatherman in Kentucky is alleged to have started a wildfire so he could report on it, apparently in the hope of driving more traffic to his Facebook page. He was recently arrested on a second-degree arson charge.More >> A drone-delivered sausage could cost one Aussie guy $7,000 in fines A drone-delivered sausage could cost one Aussie guy $7,000 in fines A guy in Melbourne, Australia, may be hit with a hefty fine after he used a drone to deliver a cooked sausage to a friend. The nation's aviation agency came across a video of the stunt, and didn't much like the pilot's flying practices. More >> A guy in Melbourne, Australia, may be hit with a hefty fine after he used a drone to deliver a cooked sausage to a friend. The nation's aviation agency came across a video of the stunt, and didn't much like the pilot's flying practices.More >>    By Bruce Brown Provided by The tech world is speaking out against discrimination. Top executives from more than 80 U.S. digital technology, communications, entertainment, finance, and hospitality companies signed a Human Rights Campaign (HRC) petition to North Carolina Governor McCrory to repeal a recent NC law that discriminates against LGBT people. House Bill 2, widely referred to as the “transgender law” is seen as discriminatory not only to the LGBT community but to all protected classes. On March 23 Governor McCrory signed House Bill 2, the full title of which is “AN ACT TO PROVIDE FOR SINGLE-SEX MULTIPLE OCCUPANCY BATHROOM AND CHANGING FACILITIES IN SCHOOLS AND PUBLIC AGENCIES AND TO CREATE STATEWIDE CONSISTENCY IN REGULATION OF EMPLOYMENT AND PUBLIC ACCOMMODATIONS.” Single-sex is defined in the law as “Biological sex. – The physical condition of being male or female, which is stated on a person’s birth certificate.” House Bill 2 also preempts local governments from enacting any law or regulations that restrict discrimination based on biological sex or any other protected class. The bill was prompted by a Charlotte, NC ordinance that prohibited discrimination against transgender people and allowed them access to public bathrooms of their identified gender. In other words, someone born as a biological male who identified as female would have to be accommodated and allowed to use female bathrooms. Members of the North Carolina state legislature were bothered by the thought that people would have the right to use bathrooms of their gender identity. Some of the proponents of the bill expressed fears that men would be able to go freely into bathrooms reserved for women and little girls. The legislature immediately rushed a bill to a special session to prohibit local rules, laws, or policies that would prohibit discrimination by sexual identity. The bill also reserves for state mandate any ordinances or policies that restrict discrimination — taking control for discrimination away from local governments for all protected classes. The bill has disturbed many both for its discrimination against LGBT persons and also for mandating that only the state can rule on discrimination issues. Related: Apple adds LGBT section to the App Store The industry executives who signed the petition represent the most powerful tech companies including Apple, Microsoft, Google, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Yahoo, Intel, and many others. The petition declares their disappointment that such a discriminatory law was enacted and that the law does not represent the values of the signers’ companies nor of the country. The petition states that the business community has consistently come out against discriminatory laws as harmful to employees and bad for business. Difficulties with recruiting and retaining employees and attracting students to the state will ensue from the law, according to the signers. Ramifications for North Carolina tourism as well as threats to overall economic conditions and the state’s ability to attract new business are also predicted should the law remain in place. The Human Rights Campaign petition from tech industry giants and others comes in the same week the Governer of Georgia vetoed a similar law after pressure from large business entities and the North Carolina Attorney General stated he will not defend the transgender law. The tech companies don’t like the law and are pooling their joint influence to have it go away. This article was originally posted on Digital Trends Content provided by INFORMATIONAL DISCLAIMER The information contained on or provided through this site is intended for general consumer understanding and education only and is not intended to be and is not a substitute for professional financial or accounting advice. Always seek the advice of your accountant or other qualified personal finance advisor for answers to any related questions you may have. Use of this site and any information contained on or provided through this site is at your own risk and any information contained on or provided through this site is provided on an "as is" basis without any representations or warranties. Can't Find Something? 3933 Washington Road Augusta, GA 30907 (706) 650-5400 FCC Public File publicfile@wfxg.com (706) 650-5400 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Less is actually less: 5 reasons you should spend more on your n - WFXG FOX 54 Augusta - Your News One Hour Earlier Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME News & Weather Apps NEWS Local News Georgia News South Carolina News National News Crime News Education News Military News Health News Tech Elections WEATHER Hurricane season 2016 Weather and disaster coverage Interactive Radar Weather Alerts Georgia River Levels from NWS Pollen Count SPORTS 2016 Paralympic Games SEC Coverage ACC Digital Network ACC Video Vault Entertainment CSRA Entertainment Entertainment News Video Right This Minute Video Most Popular Videos TV WFXG TV Listings FOX On Demand TMZ Children's Television Programming Reports Community For Our Children High 5 4 Kids 2 Strong 4 Bullies Community Calendar Angel Tree Contests Hardee's Tailgate Takeout Southern Siding Home Makeover Watch, Text, and Win with Family Feud ABOUT US Contact Us WFXG-TV transmitter upgrade News Team Meet Our Staff Closed Captioning Concerns EEO Public File FCC Public Inspection Files Digital Sales Jobs at WFXG Advertise With Us   Less is actually less: 5 reasons you should spend more on your next laptop 2015-11-05T14:30:09Z © iStockphoto / Thinkstock From Digital TrendsMore>> The Trump effect? Apple considers manufacturing iPhones in the U.S. The Trump effect? Apple considers manufacturing iPhones in the U.S. Restoring thousands of manufacturing jobs to the United States’ struggling Rust Belt communities was one of President-Elect Donald Trump’s biggest campaign promises, and at least one major technology company is considering following through.  More >> Restoring thousands of manufacturing jobs to the United States’ struggling Rust Belt communities was one of President-Elect Donald Trump’s biggest campaign promises, and at least one major technology company is considering following through. More >> Chrysler and Cummins are latest companies accused of emissions cheating Chrysler and Cummins are latest companies accused of emissions cheating Chrysler and engine supplier Cummins were named in a class-action lawsuit alleging the two companies conspired to hide excess emissions from diesel pickup trucks built between 2007 and 2012. More >> Chrysler and engine supplier Cummins were named in a class-action lawsuit alleging the two companies conspired to hide excess emissions from diesel pickup trucks built between 2007 and 2012.More >> China to Trump: Don’t be ‘naive,’ or iPhone sales could suffer China to Trump: Don’t be ‘naive,’ or iPhone sales could suffer China is taking a stance against Trump. In a piece published Monday by the state-run Global Times, the newspaper said that the incoming U.S. president would be "naive" to engage in a trade war with China. More >> China is taking a stance against Trump. In a piece published Monday by the state-run Global Times, the newspaper said that the incoming U.S. president would be "naive" to engage in a trade war with China.More >> A wannabe weatherman allegedly started a wildfire to boost Facebook views A wannabe weatherman allegedly started a wildfire to boost Facebook views A wannabe weatherman in Kentucky is alleged to have started a wildfire so he could report on it, apparently in the hope of driving more traffic to his Facebook page. He was recently arrested on a second-degree arson charge.More >> A wannabe weatherman in Kentucky is alleged to have started a wildfire so he could report on it, apparently in the hope of driving more traffic to his Facebook page. He was recently arrested on a second-degree arson charge.More >> A drone-delivered sausage could cost one Aussie guy $7,000 in fines A drone-delivered sausage could cost one Aussie guy $7,000 in fines A guy in Melbourne, Australia, may be hit with a hefty fine after he used a drone to deliver a cooked sausage to a friend. The nation's aviation agency came across a video of the stunt, and didn't much like the pilot's flying practices. More >> A guy in Melbourne, Australia, may be hit with a hefty fine after he used a drone to deliver a cooked sausage to a friend. The nation's aviation agency came across a video of the stunt, and didn't much like the pilot's flying practices.More >>    By Matt Smith   Provided by Sales figures from the last five years consistently show average laptop buyers spending about $600 dollars on their new machines. That means some people spend more, but it also means that a sizable number spend less. Six Benjamins is not a ton of money for a laptop, although it may seem so when you’re at the store. For that money, you’re limited to Chromebooks, multimedia laptops and a handful of low-end Ultrabooks. Many of the laptops available at this price are adequate, but they’re just that. Adequate. OK. Usable. They are computers, and they will do computer stuff. But cheaping out forces you to give up many tangible benefits, which means inexpensive laptops are often a poor value. You can’t get what you don’t pay for. Here’s why you should pay for more. Durable goods One of the first concepts you’ll learn in any basic economics or business class is that of durable goods. A durable good is an item that provides utility over a long period of time — like a laptop. Paying more for a superior durable good ends up rewarding you over and over again, every time you use it. A better, faster, more usable laptop can decrease the time you spend waiting for a video encode, increase your typing accuracy and make entertainment far more enjoyable. This argument comes first because it’s the most important. Spending less money on a laptop can be tempting, but think about how often you use it. The American time use survey found that average computer owner uses his or her computer for leisure about 27 minutes every day. If this average user kept a laptop for just three years, they would use it for a total of 450 hours. And that’s just leisure — any time spent on work isn’t part this statistic. This is more time than an average American spends reading, relaxing or exercising. Suddenly, sacrificing a laptop’s quality to save a few hundred bucks seems like a raw deal. Entertainment value We’ve already established that average users will enjoy about 450 hours of laptop leisure time over three years. They will spend much of this time engaging in just-for-fun activities such as gaming or watching video. Your laptop’s display serves as a window for all of this content, yet cheap laptops offer the worst displays among all modern consumer electronic devices. The resolution usually will be 1,366 x 768, which is less than some modern tablets with much smaller displays. Contrast and viewing angles suffer as well. You can do better only by spending more. Some cheap laptops offer a better display as an upgrade, but only premium laptops commonly come with high-quality displays as standard equipment. 1080p should be considered the minimum standard of acceptable quality. Some laptops go a step further, offering 1440p or even 4K. While I don’t think that’s essential, the improvement in image quality is noticeable, and can make the use of small windows and fine fonts more manageable. It’s also a good idea to buy a laptop with an IPS or “In-Plane Switching” panel. You might need to do some digging to discover if this is the case, but it’s well worth the effort. This type of screen offers broad viewing angles and (usually) better color then the less expensive TN or “Twisted Nematic” type. Good on the go Companies often slash battery life to make sure they can sell a laptop at a low price. Batteries are expensive, and no standards exist for validating battery-life claims. This means a manufacturer can sell a laptop with a small battery while still advertising endurance that seems reasonable. We’ve recorded this story time and time again. Almost every laptop we’ve received that seemed to be a great hardware value has achieved this goal by axing the battery. We rarely find a laptop under $600 that offers more than six hours of real-world battery life. You don’t have to spend much for a better battery, either. The standout is Dell’s XPS 13, which in our last review scored almost 10 hours of battery life. The base version can be had for $800, and has been upgraded to a more efficient processor since our review, which likely means even better endurance. Most laptops that are close to $1,000 easily exceed six hours of life unless they’re specifically designed for high-end gaming. Spending for solid state A solid-state drive remains the most important single contributor to the everyday “feel” of a computer’s performance. This is mostly due to their near-instant access times. A disk doesn’t have to spin up, and a read/write head doesn’t need to move, so data starts flowing a few milliseconds after it’s asked for. While no longer a new technology, SSDs are still more expensive per gigabyte of storage than mechanical disks, and that means they’re rarely found in inexpensive laptops. But there’s some good news. Lower pricing does mean a solid state drive can be found in systems that cost a hair more than a typical budget laptop. Asus’ UX305, which is sold for $700 (and often less), is a good example. Treating yourself to solid state storage should be considered mandatory, but if you can’t afford it right away, then at least do yourself the favor of buying a system that can be upgraded. Most laptops use a common 2.5-inch SATA drive form factor, so you should be able to replace it at home so long as the interior is easily accessible. A new laptop that can’t be upgraded to an SSD will feel outdated very, very quickly. Consider quad Quad-core processors have become an appealing option for laptops as chip efficiency has improved. A modern Intel Core quad, like that in the Acer V15 Nitro Black Edition, can easily double the performance of a dual-core system in multi-core tests. And surprisingly, we’ve found mobile quads are also very competitive in single-core tests, and sometimes exceed dual-core laptops. Obviously, this advice isn’t going to apply for everyone. Quad-cores are extremely rare in 13-inch notebooks, so if you’re going small, it’s not an option. But for the many who buy a 14-inch or 15-inch system a quad can make a lot of sense, and is worth extra cash. The significant boost in performance means a longer operational life span. Quads have become even more attractive in recent months because Intel has, for the first time, added a line of mobile Core i5 quad-core chips as part of its 6th-generation Core lineup. This has made it possible to introduce affordable quad-core systems like the Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Series, which is $800. Conclusion Our laptop reviews tell a consistent story. Expensive laptops often receive high scores. Only a few cheap laptops have ever managed a 9/10 or higher, and most laptops in such esteemed company sell for $800 or more. I consider value when reviewing premium laptops. Our scores reflect that expensive laptops provide more for your money. For example, Dell’s XPS 13 is $800, while the Lenovo U31 is $590. The two are similar, and the Lenovo, to its credit, even packs a 1080p display. But the XPS 13 has a solid state drive, a better processor, and a 60 percent larger battery, elements that make the extra $200 well worth your while. The $800 to $1,000 range is where you’ll find the best laptop value. This amount of money can’t buy you everything, but it can buy you a laptop that’s excellent in important areas. You only have to spend more if you want a gaming laptop. In that case, we recommend budgeting at least $1,500. I don’t recommend buying something you can’t afford, but for most people, the difference between a great laptop and an OK one is just a couple hundred dollars. That’s a couple nice dinners, a single weekend vacation, or a few months of going to Starbucks every day. If you need perspective, open your calculator and multiply the daily time you spend on your computer by 1,095 (the number of days in three years). The result should remind you why spending more on a laptop is worthwhile. This article was originally posted on Digital Trends Content provided by INFORMATIONAL DISCLAIMER The information contained on or provided through this site is intended for general consumer understanding and education only and is not intended to be and is not a substitute for professional financial or accounting advice. Always seek the advice of your accountant or other qualified personal finance advisor for answers to any related questions you may have. Use of this site and any information contained on or provided through this site is at your own risk and any information contained on or provided through this site is provided on an "as is" basis without any representations or warranties. Can't Find Something? 3933 Washington Road Augusta, GA 30907 (706) 650-5400 FCC Public File publicfile@wfxg.com (706) 650-5400 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
null
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Contact SFGate Customer Support Submissions & Tips Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants News Bay Area & State Education Traffic Nation World Politics Crime Election Results Obituaries Smell the Truth Woman killed, man wounded by gunfire in Vallejo home Woman killed while walking on northbound I-880 in Hayward Man arrested in Oakland for bomb threats on Baltimore-bound plane Hate crime charge in El Sobrante slaying of African American man Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Gase talks interviews with 49ers, respect for Jed York Rice game could be last chance to see Christian McCaffrey St. Mary’s breaks away with 18-2 run to beat San Jose State Doctor held on assault charges Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Robots greet Westfield mall shoppers in San Francisco, San Jose Business News Roundup, Nov. 23 China’s Unicorn Booty stake, turkey dinners, Tasmanian whiskey Home sales reach strongest pace in nearly a decade Entertainment The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events Puzzles TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Aloe Blacc headlines Union Square tree lighting The latest from Dear Abby San Francisco musicians pay tribute to Leonard Cohen Warren Beatty makes ‘Rules’ worth watching Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating 10 last-minute Thanksgiving restaurant options in San Francisco App launching in SF gives you 30 fancy cocktails a month for a South San Francisco Dunkin' Donuts location confirmed Piecaken takes over the Thanksgiving dessert table Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Ice, Ice Baby: Where to get your skate on How to throw an unforgettable holiday party Fewer U.S. parents are spanking their kids 14 fresh ways to mix vintage style into a modern home Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Suite Spot: Madeline Hotel and Residences, Telluride Gear Review: Eagle Creek International Carry-On Suite Spot: Chaminade Resort & Spa, Santa Cruz Insider: Guidebook author’s Santa Cruz favorites Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog One bedroom. One bathroom. One set of gymnast rings. $1.1 million Southern deck and period grandeur in SF trilevel Edwardian SF rent down again in October: Here’s what the median 1-BR $650,000 for a historic former chapel turned 4,000-square-foot Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car 1957 Ford Thunderbird Are smaller, basic trucks even made anymore? An Artfully Performing SUV 1955 Beardmore Taxi Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Get another perspective of the salary issue Know why you need to develop self-awareness Shape up your resume to open more doors of opportunity Know how to ace an executive interview Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Thomas Lee Matier & Ross C.W Nevius Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler The ultimate NorCal brewery map Top 100 Restaurants Warriors show their style off the court MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Bay-Area-startups-find-low-cost-outposts-in-9177812.php Bay Area startups find low-cost outposts in Arizona New York Times Updated 4:21 pm, Monday, August 22, 2016 Photo: CAITLIN OHARA, NYT Image 1of/3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 Dominique Pates and Ronnie Richmond work in Scottsdale, Ariz., for Weebly, a San Francisco company whose software makes it easier for regular people to build websites. Dominique Pates and Ronnie Richmond work in Scottsdale, Ariz., for Weebly, a San Francisco company whose software makes it easier for regular people to build websites. Photo: CAITLIN OHARA, NYT Image 2 of 3 Gainsight, a Redwood City company that helps other firms track and retain customers, also has opened offices in the Phoenix area. Gainsight, a Redwood City company that helps other firms track and retain customers, also has opened offices in the Phoenix area. Photo: CAITLIN OHARA, NYT Image 3 of 3 Foam fingers in the offices of Gainsight, a Redwood City, Calif., company whose software helps companies track and retain customers, at their location in Phoenix, Aug. 9, 2016. After struggling with high salaries and soaring housing costs, some Silicon Valley tech companies like Gainsight expanded eastward where they could grow more quickly and make jobs more appealing. (Caitlin O'Hara/The New York Times) less Foam fingers in the offices of Gainsight, a Redwood City, Calif., company whose software helps companies track and retain customers, at their location in Phoenix, Aug. 9, 2016. After struggling with high ... more Photo: CAITLIN OHARA, NYT Bay Area startups find low-cost outposts in Arizona 1 / 3 Back to Gallery PHOENIX — Three years ago, Kate Rogers was caught in the Bay Area struggle. She paid the astronomical rents. She did the crushing commute. She lived the frustration of always thinking about money even though she was a well-paid professional in the booming technology industry. And then, just like that, the stress went away. All she had to do was move to Arizona. “I didn’t want to have to decide between picking my son up at school and being successful at my job,” said Rogers, who runs the Phoenix-area offices of Weebly, a San Francisco company whose software makes it easier for regular people to build websites. “In San Francisco, that would not have been possible.” As startups across San Francisco and Silicon Valley try to contend with high salaries and housing costs, many are expanding to lower-cost cities in the West and employing more people like Rogers. For Phoenix, which is about a 90-minute flight from San Francisco, the Bay Area’s loss is its gain. ALSO Fake news, ads dupe Internet-savvy students, study finds A running list of how Donald Trump's new position may be helping his business interests Kanye West destroyed on social media for Beyonce and Jay-Z meltdown The Phoenix metro area was hit hard by the housing bust, but it is experiencing a strong recovery. The unemployment rate has recently fallen below 5 percent, the lowest in eight years, and several Bay Area companies, including Yelp and Uber, have opened offices in the region. A reviving downtown Phoenix now has a cluster of companies that make business software. At the end of last year in the Bay Area mega-region — including both the San Francisco and San Jose metropolitan areas — there were 530,000 tech and engineering jobs, a 7 percent increase from a year earlier. Phoenix has about one-fifth as many tech jobs, but the total grew 8 percent from a year ago, according to Moody’s Analytics. “The Bay Area’s explosive growth is almost too much for the region,” said Jackson Kitchen, an analyst at Moody’s Analytics. “They are bidding up wages so high that companies are saying, ‘Let’s expand to Phoenix or Boise or Salt Lake City where wages and real estate are that much cheaper.’” Indirectly, of course, this is also good for the Bay Area’s tech cluster, allowing companies to grow faster and make jobs more appealing. By expanding to Arizona, for example, Weebly was able to turn freelance customer service representatives into full-time employees. The company’s Scottsdale, Ariz., office has Silicon Valley perks like catered lunches and a massage room, along with some local touches, like a “No Weapons” sign to remind employees that open-carry laws do not extend onto company property. Wages, taxes and energy cost about 25 percent less in Phoenix than they do in San Francisco, according to an index of business costs compiled by Moody’s Analytics. Housing is tremendously cheaper. The median home price in the Phoenix metropolitan area is $221,000, according to Zillow. In San Francisco, it is $812,000. For Rogers and others, that is a far bigger perk than an extra vacation or a raise in California. Instead of renting a rundown house in Redwood City and commuting an hour or more to work, she now lives 10 minutes from the office in a house that is twice the size — with mortgage payments that are half the cost of her California rent. “When I had a kid, it forced the decision for me,” Rogers said. Hordes of young dreamy entrepreneurs still flock to the Bay Area each year in search of venture capital. Silicon Valley is to tech entrepreneurs what Hollywood is to actors, and the region continues to significantly outpace the nation in creating engineering jobs. But as companies grow and add large numbers of sales and customer service jobs, “it’s less about survival and having everybody in the same room,” said Lawrence Coburn, chief executive of DoubleDutch, a San Francisco maker of software for live events that recently laid off a quarter of its staff to try to become profitable sooner. This year, the company opened a downtown Phoenix office with sales and customer service jobs. “San Francisco is a terrible place for entry-level people,” Coburn said, because the infrastructure and housing are “failing.” Local economic development agencies and real estate developers are doing what they can to keep the movement going. Take, for instance, the downtown Phoenix offices of Gainsight, a Redwood City company whose software helps companies track and retain customers. In November, Gainsight opened its 12-person Phoenix office, with modernist touches like exposed ceilings and concrete floors in the hallways, along with the crammed desks and open floor plan favored by tech companies. The only private spaces are a handful of conference rooms, including one that has a pingpong table and is decorated with posters with famous quotes by luminaries including Mother Teresa. Most of the building’s floors have a more traditional layout full of offices and carpet. But the building’s owner, Ironline Partners, renovated the more open floor with an eye toward software companies, of which there are now three, including Gainsight. “Since those guys moved in, we’ve blown out the entire 15th floor and the entire fifth floor to do more of the same,” said D.J. Fernandes, an architect at Ironline Partners who designed the spaces. The Bay Area has never been especially cheap, and tech companies have a long history of moving their more expensive and labor-intensive functions to second-tier cities where land and labor are less expensive. Intel, the semiconductor giant, was founded in Silicon Valley in 1968, and by 1979, it had manufacturing facilities outside Portland and Phoenix. But as the latest exodus gathers steam, these outlying cities hope some of the higher-paying engineering jobs will start moving as well. “We don’t want to be San Francisco’s back office — we need more creators here,” said Scott Salkin, a founder and the chief executive of Allbound, a Phoenix company that makes sales software and has offices down the hall from Gainsight’s. Chris Camacho, chief executive of the Greater Phoenix Economic Council, says better-paying jobs will follow, since companies prefer to expand in cities where they already have offices. That has been true for Intel, which over the last few decades has added a number of different positions to its original manufacturing hubs. This is why part of Camacho’s strategy is to focus on Bay Area startups just as they reach a growth spurt. “The reality is all of these companies are going to hit a pain point once they hit more than 50 employees,” he said. But while Phoenix is recruiting companies, its technology scene lacks some crucial elements. Salkin, from Allbound, said he still flies to the Bay Area once a month for networking or other events. “We’re doing amazing things here,” he said, “but we’ve got a way to go.” Salkin added that for technology companies, which hire people from all kinds of backgrounds, Arizona’s socially conservative politics can be a form of cultural baggage. For example, the former governor, Jan Brewer, signed one of the nation’s toughest immigration laws in 2010, and same-sex marriage was illegal until a federal court overturned a voter-approved ban in 2014. In San Francisco, “You can come from any walk of life and feel pretty much accepted and safe,” Salkin said. “You struggle to say that here right now. I think that’s changing, but it has not been the case in Arizona, and I think that’s a big thing.” Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. Latest News Woman killed, man wounded by gunfire in Vallejo home Local woman beats husband to death before killing herself Woman killed while walking on northbound I-880 in Hayward Vatican debuts confession app, people nickname it 'Sindr' Tom Hanks sends fan typewriter from his collection SF moderates win control of Board of Supervisors 49ers slam Santa Clara's 'disturbing trend of frivolous' actions Kin of girl killed in North Bay church seek funeral donations When Thanksgiving goes wrong: Awkward family photos 13 family-friendly things to watch on Netflix for Thanksgiving The most Googled Thanksgiving recipe in California, every state Cyclists take on 50-mile turkey-shaped bike ride through SF Uncounted Calif. votes total more than populations of SF, Oakland Hillary Clinton now leads by 2 million in the popular vote What's the best way to help the homeless? BART police boost holiday presence at crooks’ favorite stations Photographer's haunting deep-sea images reveal rare, odd... Scientists search deep-sea volcano off Hawaii Today's Gate Features Bay Area owners of slain dachshund sue PetSmart Southern deck and period grandeur in SF trilevel Edwardian SF hula troupe, one of the world's largest, in the spotlight SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored The Rolo Travel Bag makes last-minute packing a breeze Go from startup idea to launch with 100+ hours of mentorship... Most Popular 1 Bay Area owners of slain dachshund file lawsuit against PetSmart 2 CNN anchor cuts interview short after guest drops the n-word 3 Woman killed while walking on northbound I-880 in Hayward 4 A short, 5-second video is crashing iPhones and iPads 5 When Thanksgiving goes wrong: Awkward family photos 6 San Jose woman beats husband to death before killing herself 7 Rose Pak’s body on ice while sisters squabble over estate 8 Hate crime charge in El Sobrante slaying of African American man 9 Texas teacher who had sex almost daily with 13-year-old... 10 Police: male UC Berkeley student sexually assaulted inside co-op View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Member Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Trending: Video preview: Smart cities tour! SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet Video: Holiday gift guide 2016 Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. First look: Visual Studio for Mac is here at last, almost Windows 10 quick tips: Get the most out of Cortana 6 ex-CIOs reveal lessons learned, biggest regrets Ultimate guide to setting up a small business Wi-Fi network More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Operating Systems Linux News Another day, another 4,600 lines of Linux kernel code The vast majority of contributions come from paid developers By Katherine Noyes | Follow Senior U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Aug 22, 2016 11:31 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. The Linux kernel was born on August 25, 1991. Credit: The Linux Foundation More like this Linux gets a boost from mobile Who is behind Linux now, and should you be afraid? Red Hat, IBM, Novell are the major contributors to exploding Linux kernel... Video Preview: Computerworld's smart cities video tour, coming soon! The Linux kernel is improving faster than ever, gaining 7.8 patches per hour and 4,600 lines of new code every day. That's according to a report published Monday by the Linux Foundation and focusing on the state of kernel development. Entitled “Linux kernel development -- how fast it is going, who is doing it, what they are doing, and who is sponsoring it,” the report is the seventh the nonprofit has published on the topic in roughly as many years. This year’s paper covers work completed through Linux kernel 4.7, with an emphasis on releases 3.19 to 4.7. The last report was released March 2015 and focused on versions 3.11 to 3.18. Among the findings this year is that more than 13,500 developers from more than 1,300 companies have contributed to the Linux kernel since the adoption of Git made detailed tracking possible back in 2005. Just since the last report, nearly 5,000 developers from 400 companies have contributed to the kernel, and almost half of them were doing so for the first time. Things are clearly getting faster, too. This year's rate of 7.8 changes accepted into the kernel per hour on average is up from 7.71 in the last report. A new kernel comes out every nine to 10 weeks. Intel, Red Hat, Linaro, Samsung, SUSE, IBM, Renesas, Google, AMD, Texas Instruments and ARM were among the top organizational sponsors of Linux kernel development in this analysis. The Outreachy program -- which provides open source internships to underrepresented groups -- ranked at No. 13. On the whole, however, the volume of contributions from unpaid developers fell from 11.8 percent in 2014 to just 7.7 percent in this report. The Linux kernel was launched 25 years ago this Thursday. It includes 22 million lines of code. "The Linux kernel continues to be one of the most visible and prolific examples of open source software development," said Stephen Hendrick, a principal analyst at Enterprise Strategy Group. The growing proportion of work being done by paid developers "demonstrates the strategic importance of Linux to the IT vendor community that largely drives its development," Hendrick said. The fact that the Linux kernel is now celebrating its 25th anniversary, meanwhile, is a testament to the project’s ability to embrace change, he added. "This change has made it easier for developers to participate and provides a more streamlined and efficient method to leverage contributions," Hendrick said. "Overall, there are lessons to be learned here on how to consistently keep important technologies relevant." To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Linux Open Source Application Development Enterprise Applications Operating Systems Katherine Noyes has been an ardent geek ever since she first conquered Pyramid of Doom on an ancient TRS-80. Today she covers enterprise software in all its forms, with an emphasis on cloud computing, big data, analytics and artificial intelligence. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources 3 Tips to Deliver Fast Performance Across Mobile Web Big Data for Good: Using Data & Analytics to Benefit Society (And Make Money) Closing the Customer-Experience Gap with Digital-Performance Management From 0 to DevOps in 80 Days: Lessons Learned Moving from On-Prem to Cloud Native Harnessing the Three Forms of Big Data Analytics Innovation Go Top Stories Pelosi says UC IT workers are in ‘untenable position’ House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi is urging the University of California to drop plans to send some... Voting security experts tell Clinton to demand recount Hillary Clinton, the apparent loser in the recent U.S. presidential race, should ask for voting... Holiday shopping by mobile phone? Beware fake apps and bad Wi-Fi hotspots The smartphone risk is higher this year than in 2015. There are more active cyber criminals and many... On first day in office, Trump to attack visas that 'undercut the American President-elect Donald Trump on Monday sent out the strongest signal yet that the H-1B visa program is... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Innodisk is Absolutely On Board with Demos and Display at VM World '16 News provided by Innodisk Aug 22, 2016, 15:00 ET Share this article FREMONT, Calif., Aug. 22, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Innodisk, the worldwide innovative leader for service-driven flash and DRAM storage products, is showing what is Absolutely on Board this coming August 28-31 at VM World 2016 in Las Vegas, NV. Innodisk highlights "Total Solutions" for today's technology through demos and displays. While exhibiting the industry's widest selection of DRAM modules and flash form factors, Innodisk will provide a live in-booth demonstration, while partnering with AIC to showcase the latest in innovative solutions. With 62 global patents and growing, come visit booth 2707 and experience Innodisk. Flash is On Board Innodisk will display and demo the latest SATADOM™ 3IE3 solution. This newest Innodisk innovation supports Innodisk's iSLC solution in extending endurance more than six times over MLC solutions. Along with the live in-booth demonstration highlighting the SATADOM™ - ML 3IE3 V2 128GB's will be the M.2 P42 3ME, which is a PCIe Gen. 3x1 with NVMe. Because it has a capacity of up to 256GB, it is positioned to be the next generation boot-up device for server applications. Staying on board, Innodisk will display the M.2 (S80) 3MG2-P.  This product scales up to 1TB in capacity with iSMART features for disk health and an error recovery system. All of these products are designed to work under harsh conditions with temperature ranges of -40°C to +85°C.  Visit the Innodisk team for a hardware analysis and see why we are a complete storage solutions provider. DRAM Memory for High Performance Innodisk understands that no board is fully complete without the power of memory. Therefore, Innodisk features a live demo and display with DRAM modules that are developed to perform. Showcased inside the demo will be the DDR4 32GB RDIMM 2400MT/S module.  This product has Gold Finger 30μ" along with a JEDEC standard 1.2V (1.26V~1.14V) Power Supply and a JEDEC Standard 288-pin. On display is the DDR4 16GB RDIMM 2400MT/S. It has the same features as the 32GB DDR4 2400MT/S, however the DRAM IC is 128Mbit x 4 I/Os x 16banks (2Gx 4)x18ea.  It is worthy to note that this high performance module can go up to 128GB. With hundreds of DRAM products supporting their portfolio, Innodisk continues to provide total solutions worldwide. Innodisk Partnering with AIC Innodisk is "Absolutely On Board" this year and very proud to be partnering with AIC and their SB202-LB storage server. This total server solution features Innodisk DDR4 RDIMM 16GB 2400MT/S modules. Also on board is the M.2 (S80) 3MG2-P and the SATADOM™ – ML 3IE3 VS. The AIC SB202-LB, supporting dual Intel® Xeon® Processors E5-2600 v3/ v4 product family and 16 DIMM slots using the Innodisk DDR4 modules, has tool-less drive carriers and features 12Gb/s SAS storage architecture. We invite you to come and view the total collaboration presented by AIC and Innodisk. You are invited to visit us at: VM World 2016 Location: Mandalay Bay Hotel & Convention Center, Las Vegas, NV, USA Date: August 28-31, 2016 Booth: #2707 About VM World 2016 VMworld, hosted by VMware, is the number-one event for enabling the digital enterprise. VMworld offers four full days of innovation to accelerate your journey to software-defined business—from mobile devices to the data center and the cloud. Provided is an exhibition to highlight sponsors and other technology companies' products and services. It starts with General Sessions on the trends that matter most to your business and IT, then goes deeper into Breakout Sessions, Group Discussions and Expert Panels. In attendance are a mix of IT technical professionals and business decision-makers representing a wide range of industries. About Innodisk Innodisk is a service driven provider of flash memory and DRAM products for the industrial and enterprise applications. With satisfied customers across the embedded, aerospace and defense, cloud storage markets and more, we have set ourselves apart with a commitment to dependable products and unparalleled service. This has resulted in products including embedded peripherals designed to supplement existing industrial solutions and high IOPS flash arrays for industrial and enterprise applications. The expanded business lines are leading our next step in being a comprehensive solution and service provider in industrial storage industry. Founded in 2005 and headquartered in Taipei, Taiwan with engineering support and sales teams in China, Europe, Japan, and the United States, Innodisk is able to support clients globally. With abundant experience and an unrivaled knowledge of the memory industry, Innodisk develops products with excellent quality, remarkable performance, great cost-efficiency, and the highest reliability. For more information about Innodisk, please visit www.innodisk.com. Innodisk Media Contact: Marsha Harrison Tel：510-770-9421 ext. 106 email：marsha_harrison@innodisk.com Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120308/SF67400LOGO To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/innodisk-is-absolutely-on-board-with-demos-and-display-at-vm-world-16-300316438.html SOURCE Innodisk Related Links http://www.innodisk.com Sep 19, 2016, 15:00 ET Preview: Innodisk is Showing the Best as you Spin to Win at Global Gaming Expo (G2E) 2016 Jul 27, 2016, 18:00 ET Preview: Innodisk is Absolutely On Board with "Total Solutions" at Flash Memory Summit '16 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 03, 2016, 15:00 ETInnodisk shows hardware flexibility made for boards at... Sep 28, 2016, 15:00 ETInnodisk showing and serving the best in Military hardware... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Trade Show News You just read: Innodisk is Absolutely On Board with Demos and Display at VM World '16 News provided by Innodisk Aug 22, 2016, 15:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Home Search Skip to content Skip to navigation View mobile version The New York Times Economy|Bay Area Start-Ups Find Low-Cost Outposts in Arizona Search Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go http://nyti.ms/2bt53Dw Loading... See next articles See previous articles Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Advertisement Supported by Economy Bay Area Start-Ups Find Low-Cost Outposts in Arizona By CONOR DOUGHERTYAUG. 21, 2016 Continue reading the main story Share This Page Continue reading the main story Photo Downtown Phoenix, as seen from the offices of Gainsight, a Redwood City, Calif., company that opened the 12-person office in November. Credit Caitlin O'Hara for The New York Times PHOENIX — Three years ago, Kate Rogers was caught in the Bay Area struggle. She paid the astronomical rents. She did the crushing commute. She lived the frustration of always thinking about money even though she was a well-paid professional in the booming technology industry. And then, just like that, the stress went away. All she had to do was move to Arizona. “I didn’t want to have to decide between picking my son up at school and being successful at my job,” said Ms. Rogers, who runs the Phoenix-area offices of Weebly, a San Francisco company whose software makes it easier for regular people to build websites. “In San Francisco, that would not have been possible.” As start-ups across San Francisco and the Silicon Valley try to contend with high salaries and housing costs, many are expanding to lower-cost cities in the West and employing more people like Ms. Rogers. For Phoenix, which is about a 90-minute flight from San Francisco, the Bay Area’s loss is its gain. The Phoenix metro area was hit hard by the housing bust, but it is experiencing a strong recovery. The unemployment rate has recently fallen below 5 percent, the lowest in eight years, and several Silicon Valley companies, including Yelp and Uber, have opened new offices in the region. A reviving downtown Phoenix now has a cluster of companies that make business software. The Tech Jobs Bounty The San Francisco Bay Area is the nation’s most prolific source of new jobs in technology, but other metro areas are also playing an important role in the industry’s expansion. Areas with the highest number of technology jobs, 2015 Seattle Portland Cambridge/ Boston Detroit/ Warren MI Minneapolis Newark San Francisco/ Oakland/San Jose New York/Nassau Co. Pittsburgh Chicago/Lake Co. Salt Lake City Montgomery Co., Pa. Indianapolis Denver Columbus Baltimore Kansas City St. Louis Washington/ Silver Spring, Md. Los Angeles/ Anaheim Charlotte Raleigh/ Durham Phoenix Atlanta San Diego Dallas Austin NUMBER OF JOBS Orlando Tampa Houston 500,000 50,000 Areas with the greatest percentage increase in technology jobs from 2010 to 2015 AREA INCREASE IN NUMBER OF JOBS San Francisco 71.6   % San Antonio 19.4   Raleigh 38.5   Chicago 18.7   Austin 37.2   Denver 18.6   Phoenix 18.6   Nashville 30.0   San Jose 28.7   New York 18.5   Charlotte 28.0   Seattle 18.2   Dallas 17.6   Boston 27.3   Warren, Mich. 17.5   Detroit 27.2   Atlanta 22.6   Indianapolis 17.1   Salt Lake City 22.0   Pittsburgh 16.6 Areas with the greatest percentage increase in technology jobs from 2010 to 2015 AREA INCREASE IN NUMBER OF JOBS San Francisco 71.6   % Raleigh 38.5   Austin 37.2   Nashville 30.0   San Jose 28.7   Charlotte 28.0   Boston 27.3   Detroit 27.2   Atlanta 22.6   Salt Lake City 22.0   San Antonio 19.4   Chicago 18.7   Denver 18.6   Phoenix 18.6   New York 18.5   Seattle 18.2   Dallas 17.6   Warren, Mich. 17.5   Indianapolis 17.1   Pittsburgh 16.6 Source: Moody’s AUG. 21, 2016 By The New York Times At the end of last year in the Bay Area mega-region — including both the San Francisco and San Jose metropolitan areas — there were 530,000 tech and engineering jobs, a 7 percent increase from a year earlier. Phoenix has about one-fifth as many tech jobs, but the total grew 8 percent from a year ago, according to Moody’s Analytics. Continue reading the main story Advertisement Continue reading the main story “The Bay Area’s explosive growth is almost too much for the region,” said Jackson Kitchen, an analyst at Moody’s Analytics. “They are bidding up wages so high that companies are saying, ‘Let’s expand to Phoenix or Boise or Salt Lake City where wages and real estate are that much cheaper.’” Advertisement Continue reading the main story Indirectly, of course, this is also good for the Bay Area’s tech cluster, allowing companies to grow faster and make jobs more appealing. By expanding to Arizona, for example, Weebly was able to turn freelance customer service representatives into full-time employees. The company’s Scottsdale, Ariz., office has Silicon Valley perks like catered lunches and a massage room, along with some local touches, like a “No Weapons” sign to remind employees that open-carry laws do not extend onto company property. Wages, taxes and energy cost about 25 percent less in Phoenix than they do in San Francisco, according to an index of business costs compiled by Moody’s Analytics. Photo By expanding to Arizona, Weebly was able to turn freelance customer service representatives into full-time employees. Credit Caitlin O'Hara for The New York Times Housing is much cheaper. The median home price in the Phoenix metropolitan area is $221,000, according to Zillow. In San Francisco, it is $812,000. For Ms. Rogers and others, that is a far bigger perk than an extra vacation or a raise in California. Instead of renting a rundown house in Redwood City and commuting an hour or more to work, she now lives 10 minutes from the office in a house that is twice the size — with mortgage payments that are half the cost of her California rent. “When I had a kid, it forced the decision for me,” Ms. Rogers said. Hordes of young dreamy entrepreneurs still flock to the Bay Area each year in search of venture capital. Silicon Valley is to tech entrepreneurs what Hollywood is to actors, and the region continues to significantly outpace the nation in creating engineering jobs. But as companies grow and add large numbers of sales and customer service jobs, “it’s less about survival and having everybody in the same room,” said Lawrence Coburn, chief executive of DoubleDutch, a San Francisco maker of software for live events that recently laid off a quarter of its staff to try to become profitable sooner. This year, the company opened a downtown Phoenix office with sales and customer service jobs. “San Francisco is a terrible place for entry-level people,” Mr. Coburn said, because the infrastructure and housing are “failing.” Photo Kate Rogers, director of people operations for Weebly, at its offices in Scottsdale, Ariz. Credit Caitlin O’Hara for The New York Times Local economic development agencies and real estate developers are doing what they can to keep the movement going. Take, for instance, the downtown Phoenix offices of Gainsight, a Redwood City company whose software helps companies track and retain customers. In November, Gainsight opened its 12-person Phoenix office, with modernist touches like exposed ceilings and concrete floors in the hallways, along with the crammed desks and open floor plan favored by tech companies. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times The only private spaces are a handful of conference rooms, including one that has a Ping-Pong table and is decorated with posters with famous quotes by luminaries including Mother Teresa. Advertisement Continue reading the main story Most of the building’s floors have a more traditional layout full of offices and carpet. But the building’s owner, Ironline Partners, renovated the more open floor with an eye toward software companies, of which there are now three, including Gainsight. “Since those guys moved in, we’ve blown out the entire 15th floor and the entire fifth floor to do more of the same,” said D. J. Fernandes, an architect at Ironline Partners who designed the spaces. The Bay Area has never been especially cheap, and tech companies have a long history of moving their more expensive and labor-intensive functions to second-tier cities where land and labor are less expensive. Intel, the semiconductor giant, was founded in the Silicon Valley in 1968, and by 1979, it had manufacturing facilities outside Portland, Ore., and Phoenix. Photo Scott Salkin, left, and Kyle Burnett, founders of Allbound, in their Phoenix offices. Credit Caitlin O'Hara for The New York Times But as the latest exodus gathers steam, these outlying cities hope some of the higher-paying engineering jobs will start moving as well. “We don’t want to be San Francisco’s back office — we need more creators here,” said Scott Salkin, a founder and the chief executive of Allbound, which is based in Phoenix, makes sales software and has offices down the hall from Gainsight’s. Chris Camacho, chief executive of the Greater Phoenix Economic Council, says better-paying jobs will follow, since companies prefer to expand in cities where they already have offices. That has been true for Intel, which over the last few decades has added a number of different positions to its original manufacturing hubs. This is why part of Mr. Camacho’s strategy is to focus on Bay Area start-ups just as they reach a growth spurt. “The reality is all of these companies are going to hit a pain point once they hit more than 50 employees,” he said. Advertisement Continue reading the main story But while Phoenix is recruiting companies, its technology scene lacks some crucial elements. Mr. Salkin, from Allbound, said he still flies to the Bay Area once a month for networking or other events. “We’re doing amazing things here,” he said, “but we’ve got a way to go.” Mr. Salkin added that for technology companies, which hire people from all kinds of backgrounds, Arizona’s socially conservative politics can be a form of cultural baggage. For example, the former governor, Jan Brewer, signed one of the nation’s toughest immigration laws in 2010, and same-sex marriage was illegal until a federal court overturned a voter-approved ban in 2014. In San Francisco, “you can come from any walk of life and feel pretty much accepted and safe,” Mr. Salkin said. “You struggle to say that here right now. I think that’s changing, but it has not been the case in Arizona, and I think that’s a big thing.” A version of this article appears in print on August 22, 2016, on page B1 of the New York edition with the headline: Bay Area Start-Up Spillover. Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe Continue reading the main story We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think. Related Coverage SQUARE FEET Chattanooga’s Innovation District Beckons to Young Entrepreneurs AUG. 16, 2016 The Silicon Valley of Space Start-Ups? It Could be Seattle JULY 29, 2016 A New Wrinkle in the Gig Economy: Workers Get Most of the Money JULY 20, 2016 In Cramped and Costly Bay Area, Cries to Build, Baby, Build APRIL 16, 2016 Editors’ Picks A Four-Day Feast in Philadelphia NOV 22 The Message of Thomas Friedman’s New Book: It’s Going to Be O.K. NOV 22 50 Years Ago, Truman Capote Hosted the Best Party Ever NOV 21 From Elton John, Photography’s Greatest Hits NOV 21 The Passion of Martin Scorsese NOV 21 See More » Related Coverage SQUARE FEET Chattanooga’s Innovation District Beckons to Young Entrepreneurs AUG. 16, 2016 The Silicon Valley of Space Start-Ups? It Could be Seattle JULY 29, 2016 A New Wrinkle in the Gig Economy: Workers Get Most of the Money JULY 20, 2016 In Cramped and Costly Bay Area, Cries to Build, Baby, Build APRIL 16, 2016 What's Next Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2016 The New York Times Company Home Search Accessibility concerns? Email us at accessibility@nytimes.com. We would love to hear from you. Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions
Focus: Making medicine more precise, accessible Scientist Kristen Chen places samples onto chips for DNA sequencing on Aug. 12, 2016 at Thermo Fisher in Carlsbad. Hayne Palmour IV / San Diego Union-Tribune Scientist Kristen Chen places samples onto chips for DNA sequencing on Aug. 12, 2016 at Thermo Fisher in Carlsbad. Scientist Kristen Chen places samples onto chips for DNA sequencing on Aug. 12, 2016 at Thermo Fisher in Carlsbad. (Hayne Palmour IV / San Diego Union-Tribune) Bradley J. FikesContact Reporter Medical science is more advanced than at any point in history. Yet the health care system — medical science applied to actual patients — still leaves many people without the best and latest treatments. For example, new knowledge about health and disease accumulates in research labs at an accelerating rate. Genomics explores the effects of DNA variations. Proteomics examines the roles of proteins. The microbiome, the set of microscopic creatures living on and in us, is increasingly linked to well-being. And environmental influences affect all of these other factors, for good or ill. But amid this torrent of discoveries, there’s a growing backlog in trying to put them into action. The innovations remain stuck in the laboratories or kept within elite medical institutions, left untranslated into medications, equipment and other therapies that would help doctors, health insurers and the public. Fixing the bottleneck has become its own branch of medical science. The young but exploding field is known by various names that emphasize various nuances — translational medicine, personalized medicine, individualized medicine and precision medicine. These terms point toward the same goals: Making medicine more effective by creating smoother and quicker paths for commercializing lab discoveries, plus tailoring those new products and technologies to the many different types of patients. Precision Medicine uses medical information more efficiently to guide patient care See more videos “In its simplest terms, it’s the right drug for the right patient at the right time,” said Damian Doherty, editor of a new publication devoted to the field — the Journal of Precision Medicine. His journal joins an expanding field of similarly focused titles. It sponsored the Precision Medicine Leaders Summit this month, drawing experts from around the country to downtown San Diego for spirited discussions about the field’s biggest hopes and biggest hurdles. Tremendous changes have already taken place. With the use of “big data” and other powerful information technologies, more genetic variations linked to cancer are being identified. Patients’ genomes are screened against drugs such as the blood thinner Plavix to determine if those medications will be effective, a practice pioneered by the local Scripps Health network. Such testing is also occurring at Rady Children’s Institute for Genomic Medicine in San Diego. Infants and children with undiagnosed diseases are screened there in a bid to find treatments for them. Dr. Stephen Kingsmore, president and CEO of the institute, discussed at the summit how the life of an infant who had seven days to live was saved by this kind of diagnosis. The summit’s participants also dealt with practical challenges. These include how to get more Americans from diverse racial, gender and age categories to enroll in clinical trials. Also, how to maximize collaboration between scientific institutes, biotech companies and pharmaceutical giants so there’s a streamlined process for turning lab findings into usable drugs and products. And the summit’s attendees took on the difficult issue of disparities in access to the most advanced and comprehensive care. In other words, how can experts help patients in poor communities or those living far away from a major medical center secure the chance to try groundbreaking or experimental treatments? Underlying all of these speeches and forum panels was the omnipresent theme of economics. Can the government, hospitals, physicians, drug companies, scientists and others take advantage of precision medicine to control medical costs while raising the quality of care? The advantages are too great not to pursue precision medicine, said Euan Ashley, a Stanford University Medical Center associate professor of medicine and genetics, in an article last week in Nature Reviews Genetics. “Fueled by technological advancement, fundamental discovery of genetic elements related to health and disease has been the engine of human genetics for decades,” Ashley wrote. “Building on this foundation, precision medicine will use the knowledge gained to redefine disease, to realize new therapies and to provide hope for generations of patients to come.” That’s the vision. At the summit, experts in precision medicine outlined a path to getting there. Dr. Stephen Kingsmore is president and CEO of the Rady Children’s Institute for Genomic Medicine in San Diego. Eduardo Contreras Dr. Stephen Kingsmore is president and CEO of the Rady Children’s Institute for Genomic Medicine in San Diego. Dr. Stephen Kingsmore is president and CEO of the Rady Children’s Institute for Genomic Medicine in San Diego. (Eduardo Contreras) Government efforts The federal government during President Barack Obama’s tenure and California during Gov. Jerry Brown’s latest terms have committed to advancing precision medicine. These efforts have largely involved fostering coordination among the wide-ranging groups with a stake in the field. Money hasn’t necessarily been a big part of the governmental investment. California’s initial contribution to precision medicine, announced in 2014, was just $3 million. And the Obama administration’s push came with a relatively modest injection of $215 million. More important, making precision medicine an official priority gave it a stamp of approval, indicating that this was the direction health care would take. The goal is to get those in all aspects of medicine to understand that they have a role to play, said Dr. Elizabeth Baca, a senior health care adviser in Brown’s Office of Planning and Research. “It’s not just in one program or one area,” Baca said at the recent summit in San Diego. “It’s about a different approach to disease ... the knowledge network, environment, lifestyle. It’s not just about the genes.” While the $3 million wasn’t a formidable sum, Baca said it served to prompt discussions about how those involved in medicine could use the resources they already have more effectively through translational science. “We talked with a lot of thought leaders in this space from private sector venture capital, academia, patient groups, to think about what we could do in California,” Baca said. Since all of this planning is supposed to wind up helping patients, any project adopted by the initiative will be measured for results, Baca said. A benefit to patients needs to show up within two years. One project selected for funding is to speed up diagnosis of infectious diseases by examining body fluids from the spine and elsewhere for the presence of infectious agents. The fluids are screened for the presence of genetic material from a panel of known pathogens. This technology has already been used to diagnose a disease that numerous tests couldn’t find, Baca said. The California program’s website is www.ciapm.org. At the federal level, Obama’s campaign, called the Precision Medicine Initiative, was unveiled in January 2015. Components include enlisting at least 1 million volunteers to provide their health and genetic information, finding genetic variants that fuel cancer and develop better therapies against them, building high-quality databases and formulating better technology for transmitting data across different networks. Recruiting the 1 million-plus volunteers started last month. Safeguarding the privacy of volunteers’ personal information from hackers and others is obviously a concern, said Fae Jencks, a White House adviser with the initiative. The White House is asking the public for suggestions on what it would like to see in terms of data security for such medical projects. The initiative’s website is whitehouse.gov/pmi. Since there’s less than half a year left in the White House for the Obama administration, officials have worked to ensure the initiative continues long term, Jencks said. Survival odds look good because Congress has given bipartisan support to the initiative. The initiative’s work at the National Institutes of Health, the nation’s dominant source of funding for life sciences, is directed by scientist Eric Dishman. The former Intel executive joined the NIH in April. Since he is not a political appointee, Dishman’s job continues even after Obama leaves office, Jencks said. Scientist Kristen Chen prepares samples for placement into a sequencing instrument at Thermo Fisher in Carlsbad on Aug. 12, 2016. Fellow scientist Azadeh Farahmand is at left. Hayne Palmour IV / San Diego Union-Tribune Scientist Kristen Chen prepares samples for placement into a sequencing instrument at Thermo Fisher in Carlsbad on Aug. 12, 2016. Fellow scientist Azadeh Farahmand is at left. Scientist Kristen Chen prepares samples for placement into a sequencing instrument at Thermo Fisher in Carlsbad on Aug. 12, 2016. Fellow scientist Azadeh Farahmand is at left. (Hayne Palmour IV / San Diego Union-Tribune) Cancer While precision medicine can be used for all diseases, cancer is among those in the most need of better approaches. Uneven progress against cancer provides one of the greatest frustrations for researchers, and it was a major topic at the Precision Medicine Summit. Underlying the frustration is cancer’s great complexity. It’s not just one disease, but more like many diseases with many different causes. Uncontrolled cell growth is the common factor. Some forms are easily treatable, such as choriocarcinoma, or cancer of the placenta. This cancer was nearly 100 percent fatal before the discovery of chemotherapy. With chemotherapy, it’s more than 90 percent curable. Other forms are mostly incurable even today. These include pancreatic cancer, which killed Apple co-founder Steve Jobs at the age of 56. Its five-year survival rate is just 7 percent, according to the American Cancer Society. Still other cancers, such as ovarian cancer, often initially respond to treatment but tend to recur and metastasize. Subsequent treatments become progressively less effective, and patients often die of the recurrence. Not surprisingly, there’s an urgent push to find more effective drugs for resistant and metastatic cancers, and to get experimental drugs to patients in greatest need. Many of these newer drugs target genetic disorders specific to tumor cells in particular patients. And existing drugs are being further examined to find out if they may work against other cancers than the ones they are approved to treat. It’s a promising approach, UC San Diego oncologist and researcher Razelle Kurzrock said at the summit. Kurzrock is co-founder of CureMatch, a San Diego company that makes software that guides doctors in choosing the best course of cancer treatment. “I genuinely believe that genomics and other ‘omics’ is bringing us the ability to match patients with the best drugs,” Kurzrock said. “What they are telling us is the classical way of doing clinical trials and practice doesn’t work well. And we need to do things differently in order to transform care.” That transformation must overcome considerable inertia, Kurzrock said. “We’ve built this enormous way of doing things that we’ve been doing for decades, and the science is saying we need to do things differently,” she said. “For cancer patients with metastatic disease, we need to move to combination therapy. Single agents are unlikely to get very far with these patients.” Advanced approaches to cancer therapy need to be used earlier in the disease. “Right now, we’re using them almost exclusively for end-stage patients,” Kurzrock said. “That’s really too late.” The Clearity Foundation, a San Diego nonprofit, specializes in matching the best drugs to ovarian cancer patients with recurrent tumors. Through partners, Clearity arranges for tumor samples to be genetically analyzed and compared with those of others in a tumor database of hundreds of tumor samples. Results are summarized in a “tumor blueprint” that indicates which drugs have had the best effect against that tumor’s genetic profile. This can help doctors and patients decide which drugs to try, whether recommended for the cancer, or an “off label” use, or perhaps an experimental drug. Clearity provides these services free of charge. President Barack Obama prepares to announce the federal government's Precision Medicine Initiative on Jan. 30, 2015 at the White House. / photo by AFP MANDEL NGAN / AFP/Getty Images President Barack Obama prepares to announce the federal government's Precision Medicine Initiative on Jan. 30, 2015 at the White House. / photo by AFP President Barack Obama prepares to announce the federal government's Precision Medicine Initiative on Jan. 30, 2015 at the White House. / photo by AFP (MANDEL NGAN / AFP/Getty Images) Adding to arsenal Meanwhile, discoveries continue to roll out, illuminating the molecular roots of cancers. In June, scientists led by Kurzrock’s fellow researcher and oncologist Catriona Jamieson published a study in the journal Cell Stem Cell that showed how precursor cells to leukemia transform into actual leukemia stem cells — and how that process can be stopped. The culprit is an enzyme called ADAR1 that edits RNA. In certain leukemias, precursor cancer stem cells become sensitive to inflammation, which causes increased production of ADAR1. That enzyme changes the sequence of genetic molecules called microRNAs. In turn, the altered microRNAs cause the precursor cells to grow more rapidly, precipitating a dangerous turn of events known as “blast crisis.” Jamieson said the discovery could be used in the near-term to monitor and predict the progression of leukemia. In the longer term, a drug that can stop the process could be developed to treat ADAR1-sensitive leukemia. The final link in this process of research for new drugs and development of new ways to use them is to actually get the drugs to patients. Surgical oncologist Timothy Yeatman told summit participants the clinical trial locations for testing new cancer therapies are inconvenient for many patients who could benefit. These trials tend to cluster in prestigious hospitals in big cities, posing a burden on patients who live far away or who are being treated in community hospitals. Since 85 percent of cancer care is delivered in these community settings, there’s enormous room to improve patient access, said Yeatman, director of Gibbs Cancer Center. The center is located in Greer, a city of about 27,000 between Greenville and Spartanburg in South Carolina. Automating start-ups and centralizing contracting can help these community hospitals take part by cutting the needed labor and time, he said. “You can open a trial up in 17 days from receipt (of authorization) like we did last week,” Yeatman said. By teaming with community hospitals and their patients, clinical trial sponsors such as drug companies also benefit, Yeatman said, citing a Forbes article on money lost from trials with botched openings. “Billions of dollars (are) lost in opening trials at sites where there are no patients,” Yeatman said. “If you can screen for patients ahead of time ... and then not doing the site visit until you absolutely positively know there’s a patient there ... you won’t have goose eggs when you open a trial. And these $100,000 site openings will disappear.” Laura Shawver is founder of the San Diego-based nonprofit Clearity Foundation. / courtesy photo Laura Shawver is founder of the San Diego-based nonprofit Clearity Foundation. / courtesy photo Laura Shawver is founder of the San Diego-based nonprofit Clearity Foundation. / courtesy photo Advancing technology Genomic sequencing and testing technology has progressed exponentially since the first human genome draft was completed in 2001. But everyone in the field agrees that much more progress is needed to truly unlock its potential. Thermo Fisher Scientific is working toward that end in partnerships with the federal government and pharmaceutical companies, said James Godsey, vice president of R&D for Thermo Fisher’s Clinical Next Generation Sequencing Division. Thermo Fisher is working with the National Cancer Institute to demonstrate the usefulness of genomic testing as a new standard for guiding treatment, Godsey said. The company has a large center in Carlsbad, acquired when it purchased Life Technologies in a deal completed in 2014 for $13.6 billion. The company competes with Illumina in selling instruments for next-generation sequencing, or NGS. “Now, the focus is shifting to actionable cancer genes, the identification of those in a very efficient manner,” Godsey said. For Novartis and Pfizer, Thermo Fisher is developing advanced cancer tests to be used as companion diagnostics for new drugs. This is one way to increase effectiveness by selecting patients whose tumors are genetically vulnerable to specific drugs. Better targeting could also lower prices, by avoiding the use of drugs that are likely to be ineffective. Getting medicines approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration should be easier when accompanied by a test, he said. “Our goal there is to create the first multi-analyte, universal companion diagnostic NGS panel that enables that,” Godsey said. “The effort is substantial on many fronts. We have to develop the product; the software and the instrumentation, and validate that on their initial (genomic) markers.” Once that is done and the FDA has approved Thermo Fisher’s 52-gene panel, physicians can have their patients’ tumor samples tested using that product, which quickly detects the presence of hundreds of genetic variants associated with solid tumors. “The time to market approval, the cost, the risk, all is driven down dramatically,” Godsey said. “We think this is central to the success of precision medicine.” Notable names in precision medicine *ERIC DISHMAN -- Director of the National Institutes of Health’s program linked to President Barack Obama’s Precision Medicine Initiative. *DR. ELIZABETH BACA -- Senior health adviser to the California Governor’s Office of Planning and Research who helps coordinate the California Initiative to Advance Precision Medicine. *DR. ERIC TOPOL -- Director of the Scripps Translational Science Institute and chief academic officer for the San Diego-based Scripps Health network. He is leading a national project, backed by $120 million in federal funding, to enroll 1 million volunteers in a study to deeply explore their health. The aim is to get more data to customize patient care. *DR. STEPHEN KINGSMORE -- Diagnoses genetic childhood diseases at Rady Children’s Hospital-San Diego as president and CEO of the Rady Children’s Institute for Genomic Medicine. *J. CRAIG VENTER -- Genomics pioneer based in La Jolla. Beyond his eponymously named institute, Venter is co-founder of Human Longevity, a company aiming to sequence the DNA of hundreds of thousands of people. *JAY FLATLEY -- Executive chairman of Illumina in San Diego, the world’s leader in making systems that sequence DNA in high volume. *LAURA SHAWVER -- Founder of The Clearity Foundation in San Diego, which uses precision medicine to help match ovarian-cancer patients with drugs targeted to their various types of tumors. *DR. ATUL BUTTE -- Professor at UC San Francisco and principal investigator for the California Initiative to Advance Precision Medicine. Copyright © 2016, The San Diego Union-Tribune US Politics Latest Most Popular Jobs Homes Cars Customer Help Today's Paper 67°
null
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 9:36am Thu 24 November Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox IT accounts for 4.6 million US jobs - and most of them are going to men By Karen Turner 6:00 AM Tuesday Aug 23, 2016 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print IT Security Internet Technology The percentage of women in IT declined by 6pc over the past decade, a study. Photo / iStock The percentage of women working in the information technology field has always been relatively low, but it didn't used to be as low as it is now. It peaked at 31 per cent in 1990, then declined by about 6 per cent over the past decade, even as the percentage of women in other occupations has steadily risen. That's just one notable metric from a new Census Bureau report released last week that provides a bird's-eye view of the changing field of computer work since the 1970s. The report also shows that most IT workers tend to be young, male and often foreign-born, and that the field has grown considerably in size and complexity as technology becomes increasingly important. The report found the number of IT jobs has grown from 450,000 in 1970 to 4.6 million in 2014, which accounts for 2.9 per cent of the labour force. Additionally, IT work has become increasingly diverse, growing from three categories in the 1970s to 12 in 2014, reflecting new professions within the field. "In these early years, computers were large, expensive mainframes mostly used by governments, research laboratories, and manufacturing firms," the report said, citing the mid-1970s as the beginning of the personal-computer boom. "As the market expanded, so did the demand for IT workers." IT jobs identified in the 1970s included computer programmers, systems analysts and computer specialists. As the field grew in size in the following decades, jobs such as database administrators, information security analysts and Web developers were born. The report also reflects not just new jobs but also old ones that have been classified more accurately. Continued below. Related Content IT salaries drop 2pc as global talent arrives Netflix Aus content faces possible delay Helen Twose: My wife missed out on $16,500 from KiwiSaver Wages in the IT field have grown in the past four decades for men and women. In the '70s, men were paid a median of $74,180, which jumped to $80,895 in 2014. The field represents a rare net rise in earnings - wages for men across all professions have gone down over the same timeline, according to the census report. For women, wages have grown in IT and across all other professions, although median wages for women are overall lower than for men. In 1970, the median wage for women working in IT jobs was $57,315, and in 2014 it jumped to $70,385. Clearly, the wage gap has closed slightly over the years, but it persists. Given the large amount of IT spending by all companies and the out sized role that IT plays in consumers' lives, employment in the sector should be much higher. A breakdown of wage and gender on a specific job level reveals that the wage gap tends to be bigger where there are more women employed. For example, for the job of database administrator, which has the most equal breakdown of genders within the IT field, the gender wage gap was the highest. The wage gap along with the drop in female workers in IT, which decreased from 31 per cent to 25 per cent since the '90s, shows that issues surrounding lack of women in etch persist. The report also projects that the field will grow by 18 per cent by 2022, although the latest Bureau of Labour Statistics occupational handbook has the industry's growth at 12 per cent by 2022. While the growth in industry jobs is irrefutable, some experts, including Ronil Hira, an economist at the Economic Policy Institute (EPI), aren't impressed by these numbers in context. "Given the large amount of IT spending by all companies and the outsized role that IT plays in consumers' lives, employment in the sector should be much higher," he said, citing recent layoffs and the trend of offshoring IT jobs to less expensive countries as examples that the industry might be more unstable than the report suggests. This drives down wages and harms working conditions for Americans and immigrants alike because workers are paid less. Cisco announced 5,500 layoffs last week on the heels of Intel's 12,000 layoffs and Dell's 10,000 worker cuts, adding to a total of 63,000 IT job losses this year alone. Hira said that many of the jobs are going abroad to places such as India. "The next generation of IT jobs will be created in those countries rather than the US," he predicted. Hira is also concerned with the IT field's tendency to hire young, foreign-born workers. The census report shows that more than half of all IT workers are between the ages of 25 and 44 and that 24 per cent are foreign-born. Hira suspects that a number of these employees are guest workers employed under H1-B or L-1 visas. These workers tend to be young, male and, despite being highly skilled, are employed in the United States under uncertain conditions and at considerably lower pay. While the census report does not dive into the number of IT workers who have guest visas, EPI's own analysis has estimated that about two-thirds of all hires each year are employed under guest-worker visas. "This drives down wages and harms working conditions for Americans and immigrants alike because H-1B workers are paid less," Hira said. "It reduces incentives to make IT more inclusive demographically, and reduces incentives to invest in training and retraining for incumbent workers." - Washington Post By Karen Turner Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Scooter road trip hits bumpy patches It wasn't just their tiny motor scooters that gave three Kerikeri men the shakes during… Hawke's Bay Today Bay lambs three weeks behind schedule The Bay's lambs are both fewer and smaller on the ground this season. Silver Fern Farms… Bay of Plenty Times The regional hotspots where population will boom Almost all of New Zealand has had a "hotspot" feeling to it this year, but one part of… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Tauranga in pole WRC position Tauranga sits in pole position to host a return of the FIA World Rally Championship to… Viva Fun things to do this weekend It's all about shopping and art events for the last weekend of spring True Commercial Auckland CBD building leased to university A nine level Auckland central city office building, that generates annual rent of over… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2016, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf05 at 24 Nov 2016 09:36:58 Processing Time: 1181ms
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Another day, another 4,600 lines of Linux kernel code Another day, another 4,600 lines of Linux kernel code The vast majority of contributions come from paid developers Katherine Noyes (IDG News Service) 23 August, 2016 04:12 - - - - print email Comments The Linux kernel is improving faster than ever, gaining 7.8 patches per hour and 4,600 lines of new code every day. That's according to a new report published Monday by the Linux Foundation and focusing on the state of kernel development. Entitled “Linux kernel development -- how fast it is going, who is doing it, what they are doing, and who is sponsoring it,” the report is the seventh the nonprofit has published on the topic in roughly as many years. This year’s paper covers work completed through Linux kernel 4.7, with an emphasis on releases 3.19 to 4.7. The last report was released March 2015 and focused on versions 3.11 to 3.18. Among the findings this year is that more than 13,500 developers from more than 1,300 companies have contributed to the Linux kernel since the adoption of Git made detailed tracking possible back in 2005. Just since the last report, nearly 5,000 developers from 400 companies have contributed to the kernel, and almost half of them were doing so for the first time. Things are clearly getting faster, too. This year's rate of 7.8 changes accepted into the kernel per hour on average is up from 7.71 in the last report. A new kernel comes out every nine to 10 weeks. Intel, Red Hat, Linaro, Samsung, SUSE, IBM, Renesas, Google, AMD, Texas Instruments, and ARM were among the top organizational sponsors of Linux kernel development in this analysis. The Outreachy program -- which provides open source internships to underrepresented groups -- ranked at No. 13. On the whole, however, the volume of contributions from unpaid developers fell from 11.8 percent in 2014 to just 7.7 percent in this report. The Linux kernel was launched 25 years ago this Thursday. It now includes 22 million lines of code. "The Linux kernel continues to be one of the most visible and prolific examples of open source software development," said Stephen Hendrick, a principal analyst at Enterprise Strategy Group. The growing proportion of work being done by paid developers "demonstrates the strategic importance of Linux to the IT vendor community that largely drives its development," Hendrick said. The fact that the Linux kernel is now celebrating its 25th anniversary, meanwhile, is a testament to the project’s ability to embrace change, he added. "This change has made it easier for developers to participate and provides a more streamlined and efficient method to leverage contributions," Hendrick said. "Overall, there are lessons to be learned here on how to consistently keep important technologies relevant." Brand Post Look outside the email to stop whaling: Mimecast Country Manager Nicholas Lennon More from Mimecast Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AMDARMGoogleIntelLinuxRed HatSamsung Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Veeam Resources Centre Gartner Partner Zone Whaling Information Security Resource Centre Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers A Whale of a Tale: How to Stop the Rising Tide of Impersonation Attacks 5 Tips to Defend Against Malicious Insiders Security-as-a-Service: Threat Mitigation From the Cloud CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies Latest Jobs Iteration Manager NSW ITIL Productivity Support Officer - contract Initially - Sydney NSW Strategy and Architecture Manager NSW Senior UX/UI Designer NSW Service Monitoring Specialist - Information Security NSW Senior Front End Developer NSW Windows Administrator NSW IT Specialist - Application Blueprinting Engineer ( Developer) NSW SAS Developer SA Project Manager (HR, Payroll) VIC Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Conrad MacKenzie on leading transformational change at UNSW What Facebook's miscalculated metrics mean for marketers ​DoD opens Hack the Army and reveals how not to be sued ... CSO Online In pictures: Roundtable - Top strategies for CIOs in the cybersecurity war In pictures: Roundtable - Creating capacity for digital transformation There’s a war on for cybersecurity talent CSO NTP fixes denial-of-service flaws Voting security experts call on Clinton to demand recount Make companies pay full cost of breaches to restore trust in the internet, says ISOC 12 tips for safer Black Friday and Cyber Monday shopping How to dodge Black Friday and Cyber Monday shopping hackers Computerworld Senator asks FTC to investigate Office Depot PC tech practices Scalpers try to cash in on MacBook Pro shortage U.S. says cybersecurity skills shortage is a myth Government expands mandate of eSafety Commissioner Government reveals offensive cyber operations against IS ARN Microsoft ISV launches Azure-powered intelligence for mining industry Key resellers signed on as Mellanox pushes into enterprise Freshtel to take Field Solutions Group in multimillion-dollar merger Delta Electronics makes Aussie IT channel move with Synnex deal NetComm Wireless eyes revenue surge after NBN deal Techworld Microsoft's reported LinkedIn concessions don't amount to much NTP fixes denial-of-service flaws ZoneSavvy taps big data to help SMBs find best sites for businesses Senator asks FTC to investigate Office Depot PC tech practices Voting security experts call on Clinton to demand recount CMO Telstra's Kingsmill takes up new post at Virgin Australia How video content is helping Cochlear with demand and engagement Report: Personalisation is impacting consumer and business brand loyalty Why GlamCorner is investing more into email marketing Cronulla Sharks to expand marketing automation efforts Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2016 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Microsoft: The Latest Tech Company Rushing To Acquire Machine Intelligence Startups Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} August 22, 2016 1:57pm   Comments Share: Related MSFT Here's All The Sell-Side Reaction To Hewlett Packard Enterprise's Q4 Earnings Analyst: Hewlett Packard Enterprise Has 'Zero Chance Of Remaining Relevant' Analysts Have It All Wrong With These Dividend Growth Stocks (Seeking Alpha) Technology companies have been scrambling to prepare for the next generation of technology by acquiring machine intelligence startups. The most recent notable transaction occurred on Monday when Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT) announced it has acquired Genee. Genee is an artificial intelligence-powered scheduled service that simplifies the often time-consuming task of scheduled and rescheduled meetings. According to Microsoft's official announcement, Genee "uses natural language processing and optimized decision-making algorithms so that interacting with a virtual assistant is just like interacting with a human one." Related Link: Oracle Versus Salesforce; Trip Chowdhry Says Salesforce's Woes Are "Fixable" The How Behind Genee Here is how the technology works. Suppose a business owner needs to schedule a meeting with a client to discuss business. An e-mail is sent to the client, but Genee works in the background and will streamline the process by emailing directly with the client on the user's behalf and find appropriate options that fit in with the user's schedule and preferences. As noted by Recode, Microsoft's acquisition actually marks the third time this month alone that a large tech player acquired an artificial intelligence startup. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC) acquired Nervana Systems, a deep learning startup, and Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) "quietly" acquired Turi, a machine learning company that will help users explore songs, apps and news. Microsoft will integrate its newly acquired technology into Office and Office 365. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Posted-In: deep learning Genee Machine IntelligenceNews M&A Startups Tech Media Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AAPL + INTC) Why Sector ETFs May Be Better Than Individual Stocks Vetr Crowd Thinks AMD Is Running Hot Apple Getting Flexible President-Elect Trump and Your Portfolio Apple Isn't Massively Benefiting From Samsung Note 7 Recall, But Google Pixel Is Previewing Black Friday Week: Apple Best Positioned Tech Name View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on MSFT Trending Recent 1 PDCO, DLTR: 18 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 2 JACK, GME: 12 Stocks You Should Be Watching Today 3 SCON, URBN: 20 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 4 CTSH: Bank Of America Cuts Cognizant's Price Tar... 5 BABA, MSFT: President-Elect Trump and Your Portfolio 6 CTRP, URBN: 7 Stocks To Watch For Novem... 7 FCAU, TSLA: Why This Analyst... 1 BNS, ENY: If You Don't Actually Want To Move To Canada, Here's How To Mo... 2 TGT, RIO: Najarian Brothers See Unusual Options Activity In Rio Tinto And... 3 DTEGY, TMUS: Investment Group Asks SEC To Investigate T-Mobile... 4 IEF, UST: How One Algo Trader Approaches The Stock Mark... 5 STX, WDC: Here's Every Rating And Price Ta... 6 SPLK: Splunk: Cloud Adoption Has Compan... 7 JUNO, CMCO: Mid-Afternoon Market Up... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products USDA Daily Cattle Slaughter; Live Cattle Futures Little Changed 10 Notable Stocks Trading Ex-Dividend Tuesday, August 23
Close IT accounts for 4.6 million jobs — and most of them are going to men - SentinelSource.com: Wapo Advanced Search 32° Overcast SentinelSource.com News Local Local Crime Reports Obituaries Environment National & World Religion Special Reports Photos e-Edition Business Top Story Second round of Swanzey address changes approved, ZIP code change may be delayed SWANZEY CENTER — Selectmen have approved a second round of address and street number changes as part of an ongoing effort to rid the town of d… posted: November 22 rss More headlines Facing backlash, state agency imposes moratorium on new rumble strips City Council to replace Kahn after resignation Area case shines light on less common sexual offender Thanksgiving dinners set in region Man suffers serious burns in Swanzey equipment fire Tuesday The Keene Sentinel e-Edition The Keene Sentinel e-Edition Sports Local Sports News Schedules Contests Submit a Score Top Story Bruins veteran feels he’s turning the corner following offseason hip surgery BOSTON — When Boston Bruins center David Krejci underwent major left hip surgery — his second — on April 25, the prognosis was a five-month re… posted: November 22 rss More headlines NASCAR caught in Trump crossfire again Area high school players make All-State soccer team Tryouts scheduled for area youth basketball league Monadnock graduate earns All-Spring Football League recognition for Franklin Pierce Community Community News Weddings & Engagements Births Anniversaries Community Calendar Top Story Community news Nov. 20, 2016 Operation Santa gets underway posted: November 20 Community News School news Nov. 20, 2016 Births Community news Nov. 19, 2016 Community news Nov. 16 Hecker/Hinman wedding Entertainment Entertainment News Games Calendar Local TV Listings Dear Abby Top Story Celebrity birthdays, Nov. 21, 2016 Actor Laurence Luckinbill is 82 posted: November 21 rss More headlines Suggest that holiday critics step up and lend a hand Horoscope Celebrity birthdays, Nov. 21, 2016 Surgery abroad goes wrong after infection takes hold Horoscope Life & Style Food Travel & Leisure Home and Garden Lifestyles Pets Books Health & Fitness Parenting Top Story For a decadent feast, you want an over-the-top mash True to stereotype, my mother's side of the family — numerous, boisterous and Irish-Catholic — loves potatoes. Each Thanksgiving requires two … posted: November 22 rss More headlines Go into Thanksgiving with a plan for the unavoidable leftovers How a chef gives thanks Study: Dementia rates decline sharply among senior citizens Addiction starts young but reaches peak in addicts’ mid-20s and early 30s, experts say Penn Jillette talks about his current extreme: His diet Top Story Submission Guidelines to the Public Muse Local writers are encouraged to submit short pieces of their best verse to Susan Quatrain, judge of The Public Muse, in care of The Keene Sent… posted: September 25 CONFUSION by Lee F. Johnson of Swanzey, NH The stars are slow coming out tonite posted: September 25 THE JOURNEY by Lee F. Johnson of Swanzey, NH Many a path have I taken in this life posted: September 25 Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Columnists Cartoons Editorial Sununu should listen to police on concealed carry law Repeatedly over the past several years the N.H. Legislature, with Republican majorities in both chambers, has attempted to undo the state’s lo… posted: November 21 rss Columnists Carefully reform — don’t wreck — critical agency Sluggish economy can be jump-started by revamping EPA Trump’s brand of attorney general Indians embrace gratitude over despair rss Letters to the editor Carefully reform — don’t wreck — critical agency Sluggish economy can be jump-started by revamping EPA Trump’s brand of attorney general Indians embrace gratitude over despair Oh please, not another gratitude list Vestiges of color remain as the seasons turn, by Chris Bosak What Democrats owe the country Post-election deportation hysteria may be overblown Advertise Advertise With Us Online Rate Card Online Rate Card The Keene Sentinel Rate Card Rate Card More Site help About Us Contact Us Parent express Mobile Rss Register Account lookup Send to The Sentinel Classifieds Place Classified Ad Merchandise Yard Sales Autos Homes Jobs (on kscareerfinder.com) Jobs Jobs Place your ad now! Services Services Lessons & Classes (1) - Private Instruction & Tutoring (1) Home Repair & Maintenance (4) - Construction & Remodeling (1) - Other Home Services (1) - Painting & Staining Services (2) Lawn & Garden Services (2) - Snow Removal (1) Other Services (3) Place your ad now! Real Estate for Sale or Rent Real Estate For Sale Or Rent Other (1) Property For Rent (37) - Apartments for Rent (29) - Commercial & Office Space for Rent (3) - Condos & Townhouses for Rent (1) - Homes for Rent (2) - Storage Space for Rent (1) - Vacation Rentals (1) Real Estate (2) - Single-Family Houses (1) - Mobile Homes for Sale (1) Place your ad now! Pets Pets Livestock (1) - Livestock Supplies (1) Other Pets (3) Place your ad now! Property For Rent Property For Rent Apartments for Rent (29) Commercial & Office Space for Rent (3) - Retail Property for rent (3) Condos & Townhouses for Rent (1) Homes for Rent (2) Storage Space for Rent (1) Vacation Rentals (1) Place your ad now! Auctions, Estate & Garage Sales Auctions, Estate & Garage Sales Garage & Yard Sales (1) Place your ad now! Cars & Vehicles Cars & Vehicles Cars (6) - SUVs (3) Heavy Equipment Vehicles (1) Vehicle Parts, Accessories & Storage (1) - Car & Truck Parts & Accessories (1) RVs & Motor Homes (1) Trailers (1) Place your ad now! Community Community Announcements (2) - Celebrations (1) - Legal Announcements (1) Place your ad now! Subscribe Home News IT accounts for 4.6 million jobs — and most of them are going to men Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Posted: Monday, August 22, 2016 12:00 pm IT accounts for 4.6 million jobs — and most of them are going to men By Karen Turner The Washington Post SentinelSource.com The percentage of women working in the information technology field has always been relatively low, but it didn’t used to be as low as it is now. It peaked at 31 percent in 1990, then declined by about 6 percent over the past decade, even as the percentage of women in other occupations has steadily risen. That’s just one notable metric from a new Census Bureau report released last week that provides a bird’s-eye view of the changing field of computer work since the 1970s. The report also shows that most IT workers tend to be young, male and often foreign-born, and that the field has grown considerably in size and complexity as technology becomes increasingly important. The report found the number of IT jobs has grown from 450,000 in 1970 to 4.6 million in 2014, which accounts for 2.9 percent of the labor force. Additionally, IT work has become increasingly diverse, growing from three categories in the 1970s to 12 in 2014, reflecting new professions within the field. “In these early years, computers were large, expensive mainframes mostly used by governments, research laboratories, and manufacturing firms,” the report said, citing the mid-1970s as the beginning of the personal-computer boom. “As the market expanded, so did the demand for IT workers.” IT jobs identified in the 1970s included computer programmers, systems analysts and computer specialists. As the field grew in size in the following decades, jobs such as database administrators, information security analysts and Web developers were born. The report also reflects not just new jobs but also old ones that have been classified more accurately. Wages in the IT field have grown in the past four decades for men and women. In the ‘70s, men were paid a median of $74,180, which jumped to $80,895 in 2014. The field represents a rare net rise in earnings — wages for men across all professions have gone down over the same timeline, according to the census report. For women, wages have grown in IT and across all other professions, although median wages for women are overall lower than for men. In 1970, the median wage for women working in IT jobs was $57,315, and in 2014 it jumped to $70,385. Clearly, the wage gap has closed slightly over the years, but it persists. A breakdown of wage and gender on a specific job level reveals that the wage gap tends to be bigger where there are more women employed. For example, for the job of database administrator, which has the most equal breakdown of genders within the IT field, the gender wage gap was the highest. The wage gap along with the drop in female workers in IT, which decreased from 31 percent to 25 percent since the ‘90s, shows that issues surrounding lack of women in tech persist. The report also projects that the field will grow by 18 percent by 2022, although the latest Bureau of Labor Statistics occupational handbook has the industry’s growth at 12 percent by 2022. While the growth in industry jobs is irrefutable, some experts, including Ronil Hira, an economist at the Economic Policy Institute (EPI), aren’t impressed by these numbers in context. “Given the large amount of IT spending by all companies and the outsized role that IT plays in consumers’ lives, employment in the sector should be much higher,” he said, citing recent layoffs and the trend of offshoring IT jobs to less expensive countries as examples that the industry might be more unstable than the report suggests. Cisco announced 5,500 layoffs last week on the heels of Intel’s 12,000 layoffs and Dell’s 10,000 worker cuts, adding to a total of 63,000 IT job losses this year alone. Hira said that many of the jobs are going abroad to places such as India. “The next generation of IT jobs will be created in those countries rather than the U.S.,” he predicted. Hira is also concerned with the IT field’s tendency to hire young, foreign-born workers. The census report shows that more than half of all IT workers are between the ages of 25 and 44 and that 24 percent are foreign-born. Hira suspects that a number of these employees are guest workers employed under H1-B or L-1 visas. These workers tend to be young, male and, despite being highly skilled, are employed in the United States under uncertain conditions and at considerably lower pay. While the census report does not dive into the number of IT workers who have guest visas, EPI’s own analysis has estimated that about two-thirds of all hires each year are employed under guest-worker visas. “This drives down wages and harms working conditions for Americans and immigrants alike because H-1B workers are paid less,” Hira said. “It reduces incentives to make IT more inclusive demographically, and reduces incentives to invest in training and retraining for incumbent workers.” Discuss Print Posted in News on Monday, August 22, 2016 12:00 pm. Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Not you?|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Latest News Videos Submit your news! Submit your news! We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on! Submit news Most Popular Most Popular Stories Jaffrey woman sentenced to prison for sexual relationship with 13-year-old (0) Hinsdale man accused of home improvement fraud (0) Spofford man accused of assault in Keene grocery store parking lot (0) Most Popular Photos Most Popular Videos Sections Home News Sports Entertainment Business Opinion Community Life & Style Photos Videos Online Features Weather Services About Us Contact Us Rack Locations Advertise Place an Ad Subscription Services Submit to the Sentinel Site Index Add Search Toolbar Contact us Submit news, events, letters, etc. SentinelSource.com Phone number: 603-352-1234 E-mail: webmaster@keenesentinel.com Address: 60 West Street Keene, NH 03431 Search Search in: All News Sports Entertainment Life & Style News/obituaries Business Opinion Community Photo Galleries Video © Copyright 2016, SentinelSource.com, Keene, NH. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Remember me on this computer Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Features Tech Science Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Microsoft Surface Pro 5: Specs, Release Date And Everything We Know So Far 22 August 2016, 11:28 am EDT By Anu Passary Tech Times Microsoft - Here's What You Didn't KnowNow Playing ADVERTISEMENT Microsoft is expected to debut the next-gen Surface Pro 5 in October, which may hit the shelves in early 2017. We round up all the information we know about the impending tablet. In the photo is the Surface Pro 4.  ( Microsoft Store ) Advertisement Microsoft's Windows-powered Surface Pro 5, the Surface Pro 4's successor, is one of the most hotly anticipated devices on the market. Rumors pertaining to the tablet's release have been surfacing frequently as eager consumers await the device's arrival. We take a look at the specs, features and potential release date of the Surface Pro 5 in this rumor roundup. Specs And Features Little has leaked with regard to the Surface Pro 5's specs but it is anticipated to sport a 12.3-inch PixelSense display like its predecessors. The impending tablet is also rumored to tout a 2K resolution display and a 4K Ultra HD variant is allegedly also on the cards. This news will be welcomed by fans as Microsoft stuck to the 2,736 x 1,824 resolution for both the Surface Pro 4 and Surface Pro 3. Rumors are also rife that the top-end variant of the Surface Pro 5 will house 16 GB of RAM. The tablet may also run on Windows 10 (Redstone 2 update) and house AMD or Nvidia Pascal GPU. The tablet will allegedly come with an upgraded Surface Pen, which could pack in a rechargeable battery that supports wireless charging when attached to the tablet magnetically. A patent from the company previously hinted at the new features. The device is also expected to offer an improved battery and come with USB-C support for charging. It is slated to house Intel's seventh-gen processor — Kaby Lake. Release Date The release date for the Surface Pro 5 has been the center of quite a bit of drama. Previous reports hinted at a June 2016 release. However, since that time window lapsed, rumors started circulating that Microsoft would release the tablet in spring 2017. Speculation is also rife that the company had to hold off the release as the Intel processor would release by the end of this year. Moreover, the Surface Pro 5's 2017 release date also coincides with the Windows 10 Redstone 2 update's arrival. In July, a developer tweeted images that showed off placeholders for new Surface devices. One placeholder revealed a 2016 release date for a Surface device, and three others showed 2017. The words "Coming Soon" were also seen in a close-up of one of the images, which were taken in Microsoft's Building 88. This suggests that the company could debut the device soon enough. Other reports suggest that Microsoft may actually announce the Surface Pro 5 in October this year but release it in early 2017. Price The base model of the Surface Pro 5, presumably the non 4K UHD variant, will likely start from $899. The top-end 4K UHD variant is anticipated to be priced at $1,599, according to rumors. TAG Microsoft, Surface Pro 5 © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Poised For 2017 Release, Intel Kaby Lake Chip In Tow Surface Pro 5 Rumored To Be Delayed For Intel Kaby Lake Processors Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Could Launch In June, May Come With Kaby Lake Processor, 4K Display And More Microsoft Patent Hints At Surface Pro 5 Rechargeable Pen WIth Magnetic Dock From Our Sponsor Where Can You Get The Best Smartphone Deals And Tablet Deals This Fall At Unbeatable Prices? With the holiday season drawing near, if you're one of the early tech shoppers who's on the lookout to snag a good deal on smartphone, tablet or any gadget, check out GearBest. SPONSORED BY GearBest Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Get All The Legendaries And Ultra Beasts 2 Apple Black Friday 2016: Best Deals For MacBook Pro, MacBook Air And iMac From Best Buy, eBay, Amazon And Newegg 3 Google Google Pixel Update Brings Double-Tap And Raise-To-Wake Moves To The Mix Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016 Smartphone Deals: Verizon, Sprint and AT&T Samsung Galaxy S7/Edge, iPhone 7/Plus Sales And BOGOs At Walmart, Target, Best Buy And More 5 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: Where To Find Eevee, Pikachu (And Pichu) And Growlithe 6 Gadgets Best Black Friday 2016 Headphone Deals: Grab Beats, Bose, Harman Kardon, Skullcandy From Best Buy, Amazon, Target And Other Retailers 7 Earth/Environment Asteroid That Killed The Dinosaurs Formed Mountain Range Taller Than Mount Everest In Less Than 10 Minutes 8 Gadgets Best 4K TV Black Friday 2016 Deals From Walmart, Best Buy, eBay, Target And More 9 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Get A Shiny Starter Pokémon 10 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech T-Mobile Free iPhone 7 With Trade-In Deal Comes Back For Black Friday, Free Samsung Galaxy S7 And LG V20 Join The Party EDITOR'S PICKS Best Upcoming Smartphones 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, Galaxy S8, Galaxy Note 8, OnePlus 4 And More Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? NASA's 'Impossible' Propulsion Engine EmDrive Passes Peer Review Amgen Cholesterol Drug And Statin Combo Reduces Plaque Buildup In Arteries Of Heart Patients Baba Vanga Predictions: The New Nostradamus? Read Her Uncanny Prophecies On Trump, Islamic State, Obama And End Of The World Xbox One Black Friday 2016 Bundle Deal Prices Compared: Target, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, Costco And More Samsung Galaxy S7 To Launch In New Glossy Black Color To Compete With Shiny Jet Black iPhone 7 Marrakech Vision: World's Most Climate-Vulnerable Countries Aiming For 100 Percent Green Energy Best 4K TV Black Friday 2016 Deals From Walmart, Best Buy, eBay, Target And More Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Technology Lab / Information Technology Linux turns 25, is bigger and more professional than ever Just 7.7% of devs are unpaid—because Linux development is worth paying for. by Jon Brodkin - Aug 22, 2016 3:56 pm UTC Login to bookmark 150 Athanasios Kasampalis The Linux operating system kernel is 25 years old this month. It was August 25, 1991 when Linus Torvalds posted his famous message announcing the project, claiming that Linux was "just a hobby, won't be big and professional like gnu." But now, Linux is far bigger and more professional than Torvalds could have imagined. Linux powers huge portions of the Internet's infrastructure, corporate data centers, websites, stock exchanges, the world's most widely used smartphone operating system, and nearly all of the world's fastest supercomputers. The successes easily outweigh Linux's failure to unseat Microsoft and Apple on PCs, but Linux has still managed to get on tens of millions of desktops and laptops and Linux software even runs on Windows. As its importance has grown, development of Linux has steadily shifted from unpaid volunteers to professional developers. The 25th anniversary version of the Linux Kernel Development Report, released by the Linux Foundation today, notes that "the volume of contributions from unpaid developers has been in slow decline for many years. It was 14.6 percent in the 2012 version of this paper, 13.6 percent in 2013, and 11.8 percent in 2014; over the period covered by this report, it has fallen to 7.7 percent. There are many possible reasons for this decline, but, arguably, the most plausible of those is quite simple: Kernel developers are in short supply, so anybody who demonstrates an ability to get code into the mainline tends not to have trouble finding job offers." Torvalds himself oversees development of the kernel as an employee of the nonprofit Linux Foundation, which is funded by contributions from corporations and individuals. Linux is important enough to the bottom line of major technology companies that they don't mind employees contributing to the kernel on their employers' dime. Intel and Red Hat led the way in corporate contributions to the kernel from December 2014 to July 2016: Enlarge Linux Foundation "[E]ven if one assumes that all of the 'unknown' contributors are working on their own time, well over 80 percent of all kernel development is demonstrably done by developers who are being paid for their work," the report said. A small number of companies are responsible for a large portion of development, but more than 400 companies "made significant changes" in the period covered by the report. Though volunteer developers are declining, 2,355 developers contributed for the first time, out of about 5,000 overall. Most of the new developers contributed on behalf of their employers. There were nine new versions of the kernel in the period studied by the report, with about one-third of developers contributing just one patch to each new version. But some individuals have contributed hundreds since December 2014: Enlarge Linux Foundation Torvalds doesn't show up on the list, as he and other senior kernel developers spend their time reviewing changes submitted by other developers and routing accepted patches toward the mainline kernel. There's been an increased focus on security lately, including support for hardware-based security features from Intel and ARM and work on "hardening the kernel to prevent attackers from taking over the system even when an exploitable vulnerability is present," the report said. The development model has been fine-tuned over the years so that the release cycle is quite predictable, with a new version coming out every nine or 10 weeks. But the numbering scheme—which jumped from version 3.19 to 4.0 in April 2015 and is now up to 4.7—is harder to predict, unless your name is Linus Torvalds. "The release of the 4.0 kernel, ending the 3.x series, was not indicative of anything in particular beyond the fact that the minor numbers were getting large and Linus Torvalds was 'running out of  fingers and toes,'" the report said. "Every kernel release is a 'major' release with significant changes; the numbering scheme no longer matters much." Expand full story Promoted Comments Faanchou Ars Centurion jump to post daneren2005 wrote: I would also argue that the kernel has reached the point of good enough for most. 20 years ago I might have contributed to the kernel because it would be an interesting project to work on. Today the kernel just runs for the most part and the work which needs to be done on it is grueling and not very interesting IMHO.. Trying to reverse engineer drivers is a good example. I would much rather work on user-land projects which solve an interesting problem such as a browser extension to make my life easier or a pokemon bot or a thousand other things. 20 years ago I contributed to the kernel because there was this caching IO board that apparently no one else in the world was using and I wanted to. Today i feel confident in upgrading my daily driver to the latest LTS kernel without bothering to read the changelog. Usually. 1063 posts | registered 9/6/2014 Reader comments 150 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Jon Brodkin / Jon is Ars Technica's senior IT reporter, covering the FCC and broadband, telecommunications, wireless technology, and more.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Welcome, Guest Log in | Register Home   Slideshows   Blogs   IT Downloads   Research Center   Newsletters   Sponsored Content IT Management   Data Center   Cloud   Careers   Mobility   Security   Enterprise Apps   Social Media   Big Data   Internet of Things Home      Blogs      IT Unmasked      PLUMgrid Networks Rolls Out More Secure SDN Platform Related Content Blog :  AT&T Thinks ECOMP Offers Industrywide Benefit Article :  Bringing Software-Defined Networking to the WAN PLUMgrid Networks Rolls Out More Secure SDN Platform Mike Vizard |   IT Unmasked   |   Posted 22 Aug, 2016          |         |     Share Software-Defined Networking and the Enterprise While there are a lot of good reasons to adopt software-defined networks (SDNs), one of the least appreciated perhaps is IT security. To make it even easier to secure an SDN environment, PLUMgrid Networks today delivered, via an upgrade to the PLUMgrid Open Networking Suite (ONS), a CloudSecure module that makes it simpler to secure individual virtual network segments in an OpenStack environment. Wendy Cartee, vice president of product management and marketing for PLUMgrid, says the microsegmentation of virtual networks enabled by CloudSecure is provided using a virtual tap that PLUMgrid Networks developed. Via CloudSecure, IT organizations can now also monitor and apply different security policies to individual virtual network segments, says Cartee. “IT organizations can now secure any east-west and north-south data flow,” says Cartee. Built on top of an open source IO Visor data plane technology that PLUMgrid Networks helped develop, Cartee says, ONS is now a platform through which a variety of security software technologies from Check Point Software, Intel and Fortinet can be deployed. In addition, Rackspace today announced that it will be making use of ONS to add SDN services on its cloud platform that it manages on behalf of customers. As IT organizations move to embrace SDNs and network virtualization, Cartee says, one of the issues they need to cope with is the sheer number of virtual network connections being created by microservices that are made up of virtual machines and containers. As those virtual network connections multiply, Cartee says, IT organizations will find it difficult to secure connections that can now rapidly come and go. This ephemeral state of computing will drive more organizations to embrace microsegmentation at the network level to better secure microservices, says Cartee. When it comes to virtualization, it’s clear that networking has lagged behind servers and storage for years. But as networking virtualization technologies mature, it’s starting to look like IT organizations are now ready to virtualize the entire data center from one end to another. Save Save Save          |         |     Share Add Comment      Leave a comment on this blog post Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. Post a comment  Your name/nickname  Your email  WebSite  Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.     Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Property of Quinstreet Enterprise. Sitemap | Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | About Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright © 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Quinstreet Inc. All right reserved.
Tweakers Frontpage Nieuws Reviews Pricewatch Vraag & Aanbod Forum Meer Video Downloads IT Banen IT Pro Profielen Tweakblogs Acties Word Abonnee Over Tweakers 0 Account Inloggen Registreren settings vergelijk items0 Zoeken Inloggen Registreren Wij stellen technologie op de proef 27,7K 78,4K Cookies op Tweakers Tweakers maakt gebruik van cookies, onder andere om de website te analyseren, het gebruiksgemak te vergroten en advertenties te tonen. Door gebruik te maken van deze website, of door op 'Ga verder' te klikken, geef je toestemming voor het gebruik van cookies. Wil je meer informatie over cookies en hoe ze worden gebruikt, bekijk dan ons cookiebeleid. Ga verder Meer informatie Software-update: DragonFly BSD 4.6 Door Japke Rosink, maandag 22 augustus 2016 16:44, 1 reactie • Feedback Bron: DragonFly BSD Bij een BSD-besturingssysteem zullen de meesten denken aan een van de drie varianten FreeBSD, OpenBSD of NetBSD. Er zijn echter nog diverse andere BSD-versies, zoals PC-BSD en DragonFly BSD. Deze laatste is een afsplitsing van FreeBSD 4.8, dat rond juni 2003 is ontstaan. Dit gebeurde omdat Matthew Dillon, de projectleider van DragonFly BSD, het destijds oneens was met de gekozen ontwikkelstrategie en de aandachtsgebieden van FreeBSD 5. Voor een overzicht van de ontwikkelingen sinds die tijd met betrekking tot DragonFly BSD kun je deze pagina doorspitten. Versie 4.6 is sinds kort beschikbaar en werd met de volgende aankondiging uitgebracht: DragonFly BSD 4.6 DragonFly version 4.6 brings more updates to accelerated video for both i915 and radeon users, home-grown support for NVMe controllers, preliminary EFI support, improvements in SMP and networking performance under heavy load, and a full range of binary packages. The details of all commits between the 4.4 and 4.6 branches are available in the associated commit messages for 4.6RC, 4.6RC2, and 4.6.0. Big-ticket items Improved graphics support The i915 driver has been updated to match the version found with the Linux 4.4 kernel. This gives us significantly better stability on newer cpus, Broadwell and Skylake in particular. The radeon driver has been updated to match Linux 3.18, and controls for the backlight are available through drm.radeon.backlight. NVMe support We now have a NVMe driver (PCIe SSDs). It currently must be kldloaded with nvme_load="YES" in /boot/loader.conf. The driver uses all concurrency features offered by the chip and will distribute queues and interrupts across multiple CPUs to maximize performance. It has been tested up to around 1.05M IOPS @4K, and roughly 6.5 GBytes/sec @32K (random read from urandom-filled partition, physio, many threads), with the 2xE5-2620v4 (xeon) test server 78% idle in the IOPS test and 72% idle on the bandwidth test. In other words, we maxed out the three NVMe devices we had plugged in and the system still had plenty of suds left over. Please note that a machine's ability to boot from an NVMe device depends on the BIOS, and not DragonFly. Most BIOSes cannot boot from NVMe devices and those that can probably only do it through UEFI. Info on device state is available with the new utility nvmectl. NVMe support is not in the default kernel, yet. Put nvme_load=”YES” in loader.conf to use it. SMP Performance Significantly Improved SMP performance was already very good. As part of the NVMe driver work we revamped the buffer cache subsystem and a number of other I/O related paths, further reducing lock contention and IPI signalling overheads. We also put topology-aware cpu cache localization into the kernel memory allocator (primarily helps multi-socket systems and systems with high core counts). The network subsystem also continues to receive significant improvement, with modest machine configurations now capable of handling upwards of 580K conns/sec. Expansion of Supported Packages DragonFly now supports over 24000 packages via its dports mechanism. This year a great deal of work went into improving library compatibility and improving the quality of the ports and the dependability of the bulk build system that backs them. Normal users can now do customized bulk builds of their own ports packages through a simplified build interface called "synth", which is itself available via the dports system (if desired, and you have sufficient machine resources and time). Preliminary EFI Support DragonFly now supports (64-bit) EFI booting, but it has not been integrated into the installer. Following the manual steps of other users is the immediate solution. Changes since DragonFly 4.4 Kernel Fix a namecache race (triggered by heavy tmpfs mount/umount rate) Fix two unmount / access races when many mounts are present Improve context switch hotpath Cut pmap invalidations from buffer cache activity in half Reduce certain potential interrupt stacking issues Implement a new fixed memory pool for physio accesses, eliminating all SMP invalidations from the path Refactor pmap invalidations to operate at a higher priority than critical sections, reduce response latency and greatly reducing multi-core stalls during heavy invalidation activity Fix a 2-instruction SMP race during thread exit. Add buffer cache repurposing to reduce TLB invalidations in high-I/O-thru-filesystem situations. Defaults to off (sysctl vfs.repurpose_enable). Revamp the IPIQ (IPI messaging) mechanics to avoid deadlocks during heavy activity. Revamp the IPI interrupt signalling mechanics to reduce unnecessary duplicate IPIs. We no longer use the vm_map subsystem to dynamically allocate and deallocate KVM for the buffer-cache. Instead we pre-reserve the maximum amount of (unmapped) KVM for every buffer. This makes certain congestion-control algorithms for the buffer cache unnecessary and they have been removed. Add a SMP %rip sniffer IPI, very useful for debugging. Fix an issue where the reported real-time becomes inconsistent between cpu threads under heavy loads. This issue generally resulted in 'make' getting confused. Refactor the VM prefaulting code to improve pipe-lining. This improves burst page-in performance when starting large applications such as chrome. A lot of work to reduce noticable (but short) stalls in various subsystems when they have to work on large data-sets. For example such as when a process with 64GB of RSS exits. Fix zfree()'s hysteresis, greatly reducing unnecessary IPIs. Reduce stalls during major token contention. It used to be that a large multi-threaded program contending on a single lock across all cpus could create noticable stalls even if the program was running niced or at a high (aka low) dynamic priority. These situations have been fixed. New threads should not inherit the sigalstack. Fixes issues with 'go'. Fix MSI support issues. Improve buffer flush and cluster_write linearity. Allow drivers to register interrupts which are specifically meant to be high-frequency (disable the rate limiter for such interrupts). Bring in ipfw3 implement a lockless in-kernel NAT for ipfw3 (note that PF's NAT is also mostly lockless). Add ipfwsync for ipfw3, for synchronizing state between multiple machines. Various procfs workarounds added to fix truss issues. Implement PIE (place independent executables). Randomization be enabled with a sysctl kern.elf64.pie_base_mmap. Implement ppoll() with precise microsecond timeout. Fix VM issues with virtio. Add EVFILT_FS support to kqueue. Cut-down on the amount of BSS in the kernel binary. We ran over the loader's 64MB limit (with the initrd image and a few kld's also loaded), AGAIN! modules.local mechanism added for non-base kernel modules. Implement I2cSerialBus ACPI module support (used by IG4). Implement ACPI's GPIO. Work around HW VM bugs by aligning the kernel load's end address to 2MB, so there is no transition from 4K pages to 2MB pages for kernel text+data+bss. Many, many HAMMER improvements. HAMMER mount is now forced to noatime by default. Do not allow the kqueue sleep timer to wrap. User process scheduler adjustments to improve interactive responsiveness in situations where (essentially) batch jobs are syscall-heavy or VM fault-heavy. Fix cpu selection skew in the scheduler with high fork/exec rates. Fixed vfork()/getpid() bug in heavily threaded programs. Refactor vm_page_alloc() and the pre-zeroing code to maintain cpu-v-cache affinity. Graphics The drm/i915 driver now matches Linux kernel 4.4, supporting Intel GPUs up to the Skylake and Cherryview generations The drm/radeon driver mostly matches Linux 3.18 with specific fixes from Linux 3.19 UEFI framebuffer support Networking Fix an issue with IWMs packet tx. Bring in expanded ipfw from FreeBSD (called ipfw3 in DFly) Complete WIFI sync from FreeBSD. This gives us the new single-ifconfig mechanic that fixes all the locking issues that existed with the dual-ifconfig mechanic and allowed us to synchronize all FreeBSD wlan drivers. DragonFly and FreeBSD developers are thus able to combine efforts on bug fixes and new work. IWM, IWN, ATH, usb-based, and other wifi drivers now have better support. Reduce network maintenance IPI spamming (e.g. ipfrag_slowtimo()). These now only signal the cpus that actually need it. hyperv/vmbus support added (ported from FreeBSD) AUTOFS added (ported from FreeBSD), AM-UTILS removed. Improve NFS handling of ESTALE. Fix two inet6 issues. Do not prematurely drop receiving-only TCP connections when mbufs are not available. Make setsockopt() asynchronous for commonly used options. This significantly improves the connection rate. Fix kernel panic when /dev/mapper/control is read or written (it isn't supposed to be readable or writable). Improved power management for AHCI. Improve DDB by making x/a work like in gdb. Add x/p. Implement per-cpu lport cache for listen sockets. Greatly reduces listen/accept contention on a busy TCP server. Move libedit and libncurses to /lib/priv to ensure that packages do not try to use them. They should only be used by base utilities. Remove all references to libtermcap from ncurses. The nrelease build can now build snapshots on tmpfs. Rework the GCC Makefiles to reduce unnecessary re-building for incremental builds (quickworld). Add kqueue support to NFS (fixes firefox issues w/NFS that cause firefox to corrupt itself). Add EV_RECEIPT and EV_DISPATCH support to kqueue. Add quirks for xhci (USB). Significant work on IGB, IG, EMX, RAL, and many other NIC drivers. accept(2)/close(2) performance has been [significantly improved](http://lists.dragonflybsd.org/pipermail/users/2016-June/249699.html0. Other drivers NVMe (PCIe SSD) driver added. This is a home-grown driver written from the ground-up for maximum SMP performance. Syscons got some reworking to work better with GPU framebuffers. Multiple SD/MMC card slots in a single device can be accessed simultaneously. Userland Revamp systat -vm display. MSI/MSI-x interrupts are aggregated a little, memory use reformulated, more page rates are shown in bytes (K,M,G, etc) instead of pages. Revamp systat -pv display on wide terminals (add %rip sampling) Fix mountd-caused system performance issue in mount-heavy systems TRIM support refactored for newfs_hammer. Align output from cat(1) when invoked with -be and -ne flags (from NetBSD) Remove non-standard and headers from the system. Turn SO_REUSEADDR on for mountd. Fixes startup errors when mountd is restarted or initially fails due to /etc/exports issues, and then restarted a little later. Numerous wide-char improvements. Port fstyp from FreeBSD Add -E option to showmount Add -o retrycnt= option to mount_nfs Add -i and -q to sysctl, from FreeBSD Add -x to chown/chgrp and sync with FreeBSD fix -S option of ln (before it required -t to work) Sync chflags, chmod, ctags, cpucontrol, kenv, pathchk, stat(1), ncal(1) with FreeBSD Fix an issue with malloc() improperly setting errno. Fix fscanf() format in atrun when reading the uid and gid from the job file. Misc fixes to zic. Synced ncal from FreeBSD Add unzip(1) (if you can't beat 'em, join 'em). Update ssh (now a private library) libc - improve realloc() performance. libc - Fix numerous open/dup/pipe descriptor leaks due to threaded races by using O_CLOEXEC in appropriate places. In particular, fixed bugs in popen(). nurses upgraded to version 6.0 and made private. As a result, functionality not needed in base (e.g. panel/form/menu libs) were removed as well as man pages. libldns was privatized Various tools have been upgraded in the base system: Installer changes the inode/data space mix for the UFS /boot. We don't need 128K inodes on a 1GB /boot! Installer no longer uses HAMMER PFSs, it causes too much confusion. Instead it separates out stuff that would normally not need to be backed up into /build and uses null-mounts. Fix a couple of logic issues in (gcc, mpfr, tre). gcc and mpfr fixes pushed to upstream. Import OpenSSL 1.0.1t HAMMER improvements Many bug fixes and improvements by Tomohiro Kusumi. Fix an improper DATA CRC error that can occur sometimes when a block of data read just after being written. The rescue image now includes the 'undo' utility for HAMMER1. Other improvements 24000+ dports packages now build. User utility "synth" to automate bulk building. Many manual page improvements. share/doc has had a significant number of papers added. Hammer2 Status HAMMER2 is still in-progress and will continue to be for some time. It is not ready for prime-time, but significant work has been done on its internals to improve backing-device separation, improve stability, and increase throughput in SMP environments. HAMMER2 now supports export via NFS. Clang status A starting framework has been added for using clang as the alternate base compiler in DragonFly, to replace gcc 4.7. It's not yet complete. Clang can of course be added as a package. A Note on the Removal of 32-bit Support DragonFlyBSD is now a 64-bit only distribution. It will no longer compile for a 32-bit target and most of the 32-bit support code has been removed over the past year. Some users have noted that this might be little premature, but the reality is that developers not only of DragonFlyBSD, but of other operating systems and more importantly of applications have begun to quickly shift over as well. From a kernel development perspective: Several kernel subsystems now need to be able to assume a larger kernel virtual memory address space than is possible in 32-bit mode, allowing the implementation of significantly more efficient algorithms. The older code paths were conditionalized for 32-bit, but were becoming stale due to lack of eyeballs. The 32-bit pmap code was becoming difficult to maintain for multiple reasons. We need to be able to assume that a DMAP exists because non-DMAP code paths were no longer being tested or maintained. And certain algorithms just don't work without a DMAP. The 32-bit kernel didn't have enough address space for a DMAP. We need to be able to assume a minimum SSE2 level for FP support moving forwards. Compilers are starting to assume this regardless. There's virtually no point running a 32-bit server OR workstation any more. While some BSDs strive to maintain support for old (or ancient) hardware, the DragonFlyBSD team just doesn't have the man-power to do it. We are able to keep DFly relevant because we are able to focus on supporting contemporary hardware. That said, we do not expect to remove support for 'older' 64-bit hardware for many years as the 64-bit baseline is quite decent. Delen Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ OpenAFS 1.6.18.3 PostgreSQL 9.5.4 / 9.4.9 / 9.3.14 / 9.2.18 / 9.1.23 Lees meer over DragonFly BSD geen prijs bekend Besturingssystemen Versienummer: 4.6 Releasestatus: Final Website: DragonFly BSD Download: http://www.dragonflybsd.org/download/ Licentietype: Voorwaarden (GNU/BSD/etc.) Updategeschiedenis 22-08 DragonFly BSD 4.6 03-'12 DragonFly BSD 3.0.1 02-'08 DragonFly BSD 1.12.0 08-'07 DragonFly BSD 1.10.0 08-'06 DragonFly BSD 1.6.1 07-'06 DragonFly BSD 1.6.0 04-'06 DragonFly BSD 1.4.4 07-'04 DragonFly BSD 1.0 Moderatie-faq• Wijzig weergave Sorteer op: Kwaliteit - beste threads eerst Kwaliteit - slechtste threads eerst Tijd - oudste threads eerst Tijd - nieuwste threads eerst Weergave: Threaded Plat Reacties (1) -1101+10+20+30Ongemodereerd1 0 terradrone 23 augustus 2016 12:44 Toch mooi dat er eindelijk support voor i915 video is. Jammer dat ik het bord een jaar of zes geleden in de kliko gekiept heb Typisch om te zien hoe men gruwelijk achterloopt op hardware support. Op dit item kan niet meer gereageerd worden. OpenAFS 1.6.18.3 PostgreSQL 9.5.4 / 9.4.9 / 9.3.14 / 9.2.18 / 9.1.23 Nintendo Switch Google Pixel Sony PlayStation VR Samsung Galaxy S8 Apple iPhone 7 Dishonored 2 Google Android 7.x Watch_Dogs 2 Adverteren Contact Weergaveopties Over Tweakers Jouw privacy Algemene voorwaarden Cookies Feedback Volg @tweakers Like Tweakers Rss-feeds © 1998 - 2016 de Persgroep Online Services B.V. • Tweakers vormt samen met o.a. Autotrack en Carsom.nl de Persgroep Online Services B.V. • Hosting door True
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Submitted posted: 8/22/2016 9:03 AM West Chicago native retires from Army Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   West Chicago native Joseph K. Baker III recently retired from the Army after 36 years of service to his country. Courtesy of Baker family   Daily Herald report The son of a longtime West Chicago couple retired this year from the Army after 36 years of service to his country. Joseph K. Baker III is currently an assistant principal at Fort Stockton High School in Fort Stockton, Texas. The son of Joseph K. Baker Jr. and the late Heidi Baker, Joe Baker was born and raised in West Chicago, where he attended St. Mary's Grade School and Campion Prep School in Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin. He received an associate degree from College of DuPage, a bachelor's from University of Iowa and a master's from Sullivan-Ross University in Texas. He enlisted in 1980 and took basic training at Fort Jackson, South Carolina. He spent the next four years studying Russian and Intel in Texas and Massachusetts, including two years of helicopter training at Ft. Hood Texas. In 1986, he and his wife, Elizabeth Laidly, were sent to Berlin to monitor Russian transmissions and intelligence during the Cold War. When the Cold War ended and the Berlin Wall came down, they returned to Goodfellow Air Base in Texas. Baker began his teaching career in 1995 when he left active duty and joined the Inactive Ready Reserves. He was recalled in 2007 and sent to Iraq, where he saw combat in Ramadi and Southern Baghdad. On Christmas Day of that year he got to see one of his two sons, Liam, who also was fighting in Iraq. He returned home in August 2008 and again was released from active duty. His final retirement from the Army became effective earlier this year. Tweet This article filed under: News West Chicago News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Mittwoch, 23.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»5G Technology Market Worth 89.0 Million Subscriptions by 2022 22.08.2016 | 15:31 (5 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire 5G Technology Market Worth 89.0 Million Subscriptions by 2022 PUNE, India, August 22, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- According to the new market research report "5G Technology Market and Its Impact on Communication and IoT Market (R&D Spending and Trial Investments, Technology Requirements, Future Roadmap, Spectrum Consideration, Key Strategies, Regulatory Landscape, and Application Trends & Geographical Analysis)", published by MarketsandMarkets. The market is expected to get developed by 2020 and is yet to be commercialized. The total number of subscriptions for 5G technology is expected to reach 89.0 Million by 2022. (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160303/792302 ) Browse 4 market data Tables and 94 Figures spread through 164 Pages and in-depth TOC on"5G Technology Market". http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/5g-technology-market-202955795.html Early buyers will receive 10% customization on this report. The prominent factors that are driving the paradigm shift toward new broadband technology include the rising demand for high data speed and large network coverage, significant growth in the mobile data traffic, growing machine-to- machine communication in organizations, and need to support the increasing demand for broadband services over mobile networks. Funding from governments and several private organizations is adding the pace for the deployment of 5G technology A significant amount of funding have been provided by the public and private organizations, and established research projects have been undertaken for the development and promotion of 5G technology in European Union (EU) and APAC. The EU has invested heavily in R&D to ensure that Europe takes the leading role in deploying the new-generation mobile broadband technology. For example, 5G Infrastructure Public Private Partnership (5G PPP) has been initiated by the EU Commission and industry manufacturers, telecommunications operators, service providers, SMEs, and researchers. In addition, several countries in APAC such as China, Japan, and South Korea have stated to taking up developmental projects to establish regional and/or national leadership positions in wireless R&D related to the 5G technology. LTE would be the dominant technology by 2022 On a global scale, GSM/EDGE would continue to lead, in terms of subscription numbers, till 2017. This is because new and less affluent users entering the networks in growing markets are likely to use low-cost mobile phones and subscriptions available. Currently, the number of subscriptions in GSM/EDGE represents the largest share; but by 2021, both LTE and WCDMA/HSPA mobile subscription numbers are expected to be more than double of GSM/EDGE subscriptions. In technologically advanced markets such as the U.S. and Japan, there already has been a substantial shift toward more advanced technologies which has resulted in a slight decline in GSM/EDGE subscriptions. However, in developing markets such as India EDGE/GSM remains a viable option as less affluent users are likely to choose low-cost mobile phones and subscriptions. Inquiry Before Buying:- http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Enquiry_Before_Buying.asp?id=202955795 The key players in the 5G Technology Market include Cisco (U.S.), Ericsson (Sweden), SK Telecom (South Korea), Korea Telecom (South Korea), Nokia Networks (Finland), Samsung (South Korea), Qualcomm (U.S.), Intel (U.S.), NEC Corporation (Japan), Huawei (China), Verizon (U.S.), AT&T (U.S.), T-Mobile USA, Inc., LG (South Korea), and China Mobile (China). Browse Related Reports IoT Communication Protocol Market by Connectivity Technology (Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, Zigbee, Bluetooth Smart), End-Use Application (Consumer Electronics, Automotive & Transportation, Building Automation, Healthcare), Region - Global Forecast to 2022 http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/iot-communication-protocol-market-172564879.html IoT Gateway Market by Nodes (Smart Watch, Camera, RADAR, Thermostat, Actuator, Smart TV), by Connectivity Technology (Bluetooth, WiFi, ZigBee, Ethernet, Z-Wave), by Component (MCU, FPGA, Sensor, Memory), by End-Use and Geography - Global Forecast to 2022 http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/iot-gateway-market-248007097.html Know More About our Knowledge Store @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Knowledgestore.asp About MarketsandMarkets MarketsandMarkets is the largest market research firm worldwide in terms of annually published premium market research reports. Serving 1700 global fortune enterprises with more than 1200 premium studies in a year, M&M is catering to a multitude of clients across 8 different industrial verticals. We specialize in consulting assignments and business research across high growth markets, cutting edge technologies and newer applications. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the "Growth Engagement Model - GEM". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write "Attack, avoid and defend" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. M&M's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, "RT" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. The new included chapters on Methodology and Benchmarking presented with high quality analytical infographics in our reports gives complete visibility of how the numbers have been arrived and defend the accuracy of the numbers. We at MarketsandMarkets are inspired to help our clients grow by providing apt business insight with our huge market intelligence repository. Contact: Mr. Rohan Markets and Markets UNIT no 802, Tower no. 7, SEZ Magarpatta city, Hadapsar Pune, Maharashtra 411013, India Tel: 1-888-600-6441 Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com Visit MarketsandMarkets Blog @ http://www.marketsandmarketsblog.com/market-reports/electronics-and-semiconductors Connect with us on LinkedIn @ http://www.linkedin.com/company/marketsandmarkets © 2016 PR Newswire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Vanity Fair hive business technology politics vf summit hwd movies television awards reviews vanities celebrity fashion beauty royals NEWSLETTER Video VF Store Search Business Politics Technology VF Summit 2016 Election Is Peter Thiel Turning His Back on Donald Trump? Email Facebook Twitter SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER 2016 Election Is Peter Thiel Turning His Back on Donald Trump? Thiel has no plans to fundraise for the Republican candidate. by Maya KosoffAugust 22, 2016 8:59 am Email Facebook Twitter From Bloomberg/Getty Images. In July, billionaire venture capitalist and Gawker bankrupter Peter Thiel took the stage in Cleveland at the Republican National Convention to speak in support of Donald Trump. Thiel serving as a Trump delegate makes sense; the two wealthy capitalists with an authoritarian bend have much in common. They’re both litigious—Trump has threatened to sue a number of people, including his ghostwriter, and Thiel bankrolled former wrestler Hulk Hogan’s lawsuit against Gawker Media, extracting a $140 million judgment and forcing it to sell to Univision last week. Thiel and Trump also share a distaste for “political correctness” and multiculturalism. Despite all their similarities, however, it seems Thiel hasn’t done much lately to actually support Trump’s presidential run. The billionaire PayPal co-founder, arguably Trump’s most prominent supporter in Silicon Valley, has no plans to fundraise or donate to Trump’s presidential campaign, a spokesperson told the Wall Street Journal. Thiel had previously donated $2 million to a super PAC that funded an early 2016 Republican contender, former Hewlett-Packard chief executive officer Carly Fiorina, but is not known to have given similarly to Trump. In that respect, Thiel is not unlike many conservatives in Silicon Valley. Through June 2016, Hillary Clinton has trounced Trump in fundraising efforts from the tech sector, which has given the former secretary of state $30.7 million to Trump’s $300,000, according to an analysis of F.E.C. databy the Center for Responsive Politics. Other Republicans in tech have been even more wary of throwing support behind Trump, the Wall Street Journal reports. Oracle founder Larry Ellison, who gave $5 million to Marco Rubio in 2012 and $3 million to Mitt Romney, has yet to donate to the 2016 G.O.P. nominee. Intel C.E.O. Brian Krzanich cancelled a fundraiser he planned to host for Trump earlier this year after the event was reported on by The New York Times, and now Krzanich says he plans not to endorse either presidential candidate. Trump also hasn’t done much outreach to the tech community; in June, Clinton laid out a veritable love letter of a tech policy plan filled with promises of investments in high-speed Internet and computer-science education, but Trump has done no such thing, instead choosing to focus on attacking tech companies. He called for a boycott of Apple products earlier this year in light of the company’s public battle with the F.B.I., and his surrogates have attacked Mark Zuckerberg after the Facebook C.E.O. criticized the candidate’s immigration plan. That, perhaps, is one of the biggest sticking point for tech billionaires. The otherwise liberal Bay Area, awash in venture capital money, is now filled with budding conservatives and libertarians, but high-skill immigration remains critical to the sector’s success. And anything that threatens that success is not looked upon kindly. In July, 145 leaders of tech companies signed an open letter stating that Trump would be a “disaster for innovation.” (Oh, and for the nation’s “legal and political institutions,” too.) Share Email Facebook Twitter Maya KosoffMaya Kosoff writes about tech for VF.com, with a focus on start-ups and venture capital. Around the Web Powered by Zergnet RELATED SEEK Kobe Bryant Launches $100 Million Venture-Capital FirmBY EMILY JANE FOX Sean Hannity Admits to Giving Donald Trump Campaign Advice, Surprising No OneBY JOANNA ROBINSON SEEK NEWSLETTER SIGN UP subscribe Follow VF Vanity Fair Worldwide: United Kingdom Italy Mexico Spain France Visit our sister sites Condé Nast Store Reprint/Permissions VF Media Kit Promotions Contact VF Customer Service Advertising Inside The Issue Careers Digital Edition Sitemap Condé Nast © Condé Nast. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective January 2, 2014) and Privacy Policy (effective January 2, 2014). Your CA Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
null
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Wednesday 23 Nov 2016 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment AT&T teams with global technology providers for 5G deployment By Gulli Arnason in Media and Technology · August 22, 2016 AT&T (NYSE: T) has reported it is working with several global technology providers and operators to align on 5G in preparation for the release of the official 3GPP specifications, which will form the basis of the global standards, the company said. The company said the goal is to enable faster 5G deployment once 3GPP completes the first release of the official specifications. AT&T said it hopes to collaborate with a broad set of industry participants. Preliminary discussions are underway with China Mobile, Deutsche Telekom, Ericsson, Huawei, Intel, KDDI, LG, Nokia, NTT DOCOMO, INC., Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., Samsung, SK Telecom, Telstra and Vodafone. In 5G trials, AT&T is accelerating over-the-air interoperability testing based on standards developed under the 3GPP new radio (NR) specifications. AT&T Inc. provides entertainment, mobile, high-speed internet and voice services and is a large provider of pay TV to customers in the US and 11 Latin American countries. Related posts Fuze launches managed webcasting November 23, 2016 Fuze has released its Managed Webcasting solution for organizing and broadcasting interactive presentations, the company... Sparkle, Global Cloud Xchange enhance partnership November 23, 2016 Sparkle will acquire a significant Spectrum capacity across Global Cloud Xchange´s Flag Atlantic (FA-1) system... YuuZoo's 9-month revenues grow 132% YoY November 23, 2016 YuuZoo Corporation Limited (SGX:AFC) revenue for the nine months ended 30 September 2016 grew by... GREE Adopts Aviatrix Software with Amazon Web Services (AWS) November 23, 2016 Aviatrix Systems, a pioneer in Enterprise Cloud-defined Networking, sai that GREE International Entertainment, Inc. is... Neustar chosen to provide number portability November 23, 2016 Neustar, Inc. (NYSE: NSR) has been chosen by Canadian Local Number Portability Consortium Inc. (CLNPC)... « Corporate Armor acquired by Tiversa Comcast launches gigabit Internet service in Chicago » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 August 2016 M T W T F S S « Jul   Sep » 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2016 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
null
Business Live BL Premium Business Live Sign In Register Sign In Register BL Premium Login Markets Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment Politics Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Economy Business World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Life Arts & Entertainment Books Motoring Gadgets & Gear Video Calculators JSE Sens Futures end the day lower as Naspers weighs heavily on the JSE all share Thanks to market jitters about South Africa’s looming credit agency ratings, and Naspers pulling the JSE all share down, local futures ended the day weaker Most Read Dow Jones breaking 19,000 barrier may boost JSE 15 hours ago JSE back on track but rand falters 16 hours ago Rand weakens as consumer inflation disappoints 10 hours ago Columnists Editorials Letters EDITOR’S LUNCHBOX: Suffering from altitude sickness? Try Viagra While Herman Mashaba raises the ANC’s ire by ending ‘vanity projects’, and unemployment in SA hits 13-year high Most Read A hug for Fikile 'Razzmatazz' Mbalula 5 days ago BL PREMIUM Jacob Zuma: ‘I’m just watching’ 16 hours ago BL PREMIUM NATASHA MARRIAN: Jacob Zuma up to his opportunistic tricks again 6 days ago BL PREMIUM Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment Hotline for patients to expose poor treatment and shoddy hospitals, clinics People visiting hospitals and clinics will soon have a hotline to blow the whistle on negligence, long queues and shoddy facilities Most Read Fees report tells us nothing we do not already know, says DA’s Belinda Bozzoli 2 hours ago Home Affairs converting millions of documents to digital records 2 hours ago Zuma tackles Madonsela over state of capture ‘instruction’ 2 hours ago NUCLEAR BUILD Stalled nuclear build exposes Zuma's waning power South Africa’s decision to stall plans championed by President Jacob Zuma to build nuclear plants has exposed his waning authority. News of the delay came Tuesday when the Department of Energy said ... Most Read Jacob Zuma: Liar-in-chief 2 days ago WATCH: Five things that Ajay Gupta said in THAT interview 11 hours ago Stalled nuclear build exposes Zuma's waning power 7 hours ago Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Hammond expects sharp slowdown for UK in 2017 The Chancellor of the Exchequer confirms corporate tax cuts, raises the minimum wage, and unveils a package of UK-wide investment projects Most Read Inept PetroSA team ‘caused record loss’ 2 days ago Nuclear power ‘not needed for 21 years’ 16 hours ago BL PREMIUM Tiger Brands’ profit trebles after ditching the Dangote millstone 13 hours ago Violence against children a heavy burden for SA’s economy — study Save the Children has launched a report on a study showing in rand terms the cost of widespread violence against children in South Africa Most Read Consumer inflation speeds up, led by food prices 12 hours ago Rise in jobless points to lack of growth 15 hours ago A disaster SA cannot afford, says small business 1 day ago How much is he really worth? Africa's youngest billionaire, a messy divorce and a curious judge Ashish Thakkar, who co-founded Africa banking conglomerate Atlas Mara Ltd. with ex-Barclays Plc head Bob Diamond, is a 35-year-old "billionaire" whose divorce fight has been prolonged thanks to a ... Most Read WATCH: Dealing with cyber bullying and harassment in the workplace 8 hours ago Business and labour join hands to protest against cheap poultry imports 8 hours ago Three sets of traits to look for in spotting successful chief executives 1 day ago Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Satirical French weekly Charlie Hebdo to launch German edition Less than two years after a bloody terror attack that took 12 lives, France’s satirical weekly Charlie Hebdo is to start publishing in Germany Most Read Morocco quits Africa-Arab summit over Polisario delegation 3 hours ago Trump taps South Carolina governor Nikki Haley for UN ambassador 4 hours ago Extremist jailed for life in murder of British MP Jo Cox 5 hours ago Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Disciplinary hearing for Shakes Mashaba moved to next week Safa suspended the Bafana Bafana coach after he ranted about how the football body did not support him, after the team beat Senegal in a World Cup qualifier Most Read Faf, Australia’s public enemy number one 15 hours ago What was that David Warner used to shine the ball with? 15 hours ago Hold your horses, Cricket SA urges outraged Faf du Plessis 14 hours ago Arts & Entertainment Books Motoring Gadgets & Gear BOKONI’S TERRACED LANDS ‘Primitive’ farm methods beat drought The Bakoni are one of the few societies in sub-Saharan Africa to have developed terraced farming Most Read WATCH: Stellenbosch at Summer Place showcases rare art 9 hours ago Montblanc rediscovers the art of handwriting 16 hours ago SARAH WILD: Technology helps to put new plants on the map 16 hours ago Jacob Zuma says banks’ move to close Gupta accounts is ‘suspicious’ 5 hours ago The President was answering questions in Parliament on Wednesday, which also included queries about the crisis in the higher education sector Stalled nuclear build exposes Zuma's waning power South Africa’s decision to stall plans championed by President Jacob Zuma to build nuclear plants has exposed his waning authority. News of the delay came ... Politics 7 hours ago ‘Save South Africa from President Jacob Zuma’ The Save SA campaign has launched what it calls the people’s motion of no confidence in President Jacob Zuma National 4 hours ago Deal allowing takeover of Edcon by creditors gets tribunal’s approval It is understood that government stakeholders and Edcon held last-minute discussions on Wednesday to discuss issues relating to employment Companies / Retail & Consumer 5 hours ago Africa's youngest billionaire, a messy divorce and a curious judge Ashish Thakkar, who co-founded Africa banking conglomerate Atlas Mara Ltd. with ex-Barclays Plc head Bob Diamond, is a 35-year-old "billionaire" whose divorce ... Business 6 hours ago Court sets aside caps on interest rates and fees for short-term credit The ruling is a victory for microlenders, as the court finds the minister and the National Credit Regulator failed to properly consider the effects of the caps National 9 hours ago Trump taps South Carolina governor Nikki Haley for UN ambassador If confirmed, Haley faces a tough challenge as a veto-wielding member of the UN’s Security Council at a time of great international uncertainty World / Americas 4 hours ago Hammond expects sharp slowdown for UK in 2017 The Chancellor of the Exchequer confirms corporate tax cuts, raises the minimum wage, and unveils a package of UK-wide investment projects Companies 5 hours ago Vusi Pikoli describes charges against Pravin Gordhan as mind-boggling Former head of the National Prosecuting Authority says an element of political interference is at play within the authority, similar to what he had experienced National 7 hours ago ANC lambasts DA Joburg mayor Mashaba for cancelling its projects The ANC says that DA Johannesburg mayor Herman Mashaba’s canning of its projects shows he is turning his back on the identified township economic nodes National 9 hours ago EDITOR’S LUNCHBOX: Suffering from altitude sickness? Try Viagra While Herman Mashaba raises the ANC’s ire by ending ‘vanity projects’, and unemployment in SA hits 13-year high Opinion / Columnists 8 hours ago WATCH: Five things that Ajay Gupta said in THAT interview These are extracts from Stephen Grootes's interview with Ajay Gupta. Politics 11 hours ago CoreShares’ new JSE-listed property fund makes the global connection The ETF, a first for the South African market, was listed on the JSE at the start of November Companies / Financial Services 7 hours ago SPONSORED Interest rates likely to remain on hold this week The South African Reserve Bank projects that inflation will return to its target by the second quarter of 2017 Economy 8 hours ago Business and labour join hands to protest against cheap poultry imports Management of poultry producers will march with Food and Allied Workers Union members to draw attention to the dire state of the industry Business 8 hours ago Hlaudi Motsoeneng’s friends are no friends of the court in DA’s High Court case The High Court in Cape Town has denied a bid by supporters of the SABC executive, who wanted to join his battle against the DA National 10 hours ago SA’s consumers still willing to spend on premium products Tough economic conditions have forced some consumers to adopt a frugal lifestyle, but some shoppers are not holding back on expensive products Economy 8 hours ago Ipid taking seriously death threats against officers The Independent Police Investigative Directorate (Ipid) is taking seriously death threats made against officers investigating acting national police ... National 9 hours ago Nuclear power ‘not needed for 21 years’ State releases its energy planning documents, with tender for nucear build still on the cards for December Companies / Energy 16 hours ago BL PREMIUM Family denies that Ajay Gupta lied in interview Guptas say appropriate steps will be taken against Stephen Grootes ‘in the appropriate forum’, invite the journalist to ‘substantiate his false, defamatory ... National 12 hours ago Load more BLPremium Need the best business news in SA? Register to try BL Premium at no cost until early 2017 – with content from Business Day, Financial Mail, Rand Daily Mail, Business Times, Financial Times and more. Most read 1. A hug for Fikile 'Razzmatazz' Mbalula Opinion / Columnists 2. Jacob Zuma: ‘I’m just watching’ Opinion / Columnists 3. Inept PetroSA team ‘caused record loss’ Companies / Energy 4. I am a benefit to the SABC, Hlaudi testifies National / Media 5. WATCH: Five things that Ajay Gupta said in THAT ... Politics Investors Monthly is a magazine published by Times Media, Media Division included in the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of the month. View all > Opinion views & analysis EDITOR’S LUNCHBOX: Suffering from altitude sickness? Try Viagra While Herman Mashaba raises the ANC’s ire by ending ‘vanity projects’, and unemployment in SA hits 13-year high Read More Why selling out to sell to China is not Mark Zuckerberg’s smartest move The social network is risking its reputation just as it tries to show it is serious about clamping down on fake news sites, writes Tim Culpan Read More Gareth van Onselen Columnist Jacob Zuma: ‘I’m just watching’ Corruption is not an ethical problem for the ANC, but a political weapon, writes Gareth van Onselen Read More View all > Markets & Economy data, indicators & analysis 1. Futures end the day lower as Naspers weighs heavily on the JSE all share Markets 4 hours ago 2. Gold slides to nine-month low as dollar rallies on US data Markets 4 hours ago 3. Oil prices ease on doubts Opec-led cut will end glut Markets 4 hours ago 4. JSE closes lower on market jitters ahead of ratings announcements Markets 4 hours ago 5. Bonds in stable range despite inflation spurt as focus shifts to repo rate Markets 5 hours ago View all > Video watch the news unfold PLENARY, National Assembly, 23 November 2016 Read Full Article PLENARY, National Assembly, 23 November 2016 5 things Ajay Gupta said in the interview 'that never happened' Master Class: Dealing with cyberbullying & harrasment The Business of the Arts: Stellenbosch at Summer Place Business Tools make your life easier Share Search GO Type in a share code or part of a company’s name in the Company Lookup box, then select the company name from the list of results and click Go to view its tearsheet with share data,news and more. Get the latest unit trust data Calendar JSE Sens Capital & Regional PLC - Disposal of The Mall, Camberley Index Change Advice – 20161121 Fairvest Property Hldgs Shares In Issue and Free Float Update City Lodge Hotels Ltd - Results of AGM Middle East Diamond Resources Ltd - Results of annual general meeting View all > BL Premium exclusively for our subscribers Why we talk about the minimum wage but ignore CEOs’ huge salaries Steven Friedman Critics of inequality in the private sector are not trying to destroy the market, they simply want our economy to resemble everyone else’s, writes Steven Friedman Read More Wage report exposes SA’s inequality cogs Hilary Joffe The report reveals just how low wages are for millions of working South Africans — and just how dysfunctional SA’s labour market is, writes Hilary Joffe Read More Trump flurry of activity sparks clashes with media and the UK Demetri Sevastopulo and David J Lynch The events suggest that after a victory speech in which he seemed to be heading towards governing in a more conventional manner, he will remain an unconventional president Read More Task-switching will not solve our woes Xhanti Payi SA cannot risk allowing its moral motivations to go the way of the US, writes Xhanti Payi Read More Top Stories editor’s news selection 1. Wage report exposes SA’s inequality cogs Opinion / Columnists 16 hours ago BL PREMIUM Hilary Joffe Editor-at-large 2. Costly, clunky aviation rules clip our wings, say drone operators Companies / Transport & Tourism 16 hours ago 3. Task-switching will not solve our woes Opinion / Columnists 15 hours ago BL PREMIUM Xhanti Payi Columnist 4. Africa's youngest billionaire, a messy divorce and a curious judge Business 6 hours ago 5. US ambassador Patrick Gaspard’s final message to SA: grab trade relations with both hands Opinion / Columnists 15 hours ago BL PREMIUM Hilary Joffe Editor-at-large 6. State snacking on tourism’s future Opinion 15 hours ago 7. Stalled nuclear build exposes Zuma's waning power Politics 7 hours ago 8. Spare us the farcical forums and pretend policy powwows Opinion / Columnists 15 hours ago BL PREMIUM Leon Louw Columnist Comments / top and trending articles by comments Top Trending View all > Sport results, opinions and personalities Sport / Soccer 9 hours ago Disciplinary hearing for Shakes Mashaba moved to next week For the Proteas, pink is the new white come Thursday in Australia Sport / Cricket 10 hours ago Ricky Ponting ‘open to discussions on taking up coaching role’ Sport / Cricket 13 hours ago Hold your horses, Cricket SA urges outraged Faf du Plessis Sport / Cricket 14 hours ago View all > Lifestyle art, culture, music and more Life 16 hours ago ‘Primitive’ farm methods beat drought WATCH: Stellenbosch at Summer Place showcases rare art Life / Arts & Entertainment 9 hours ago Montblanc rediscovers the art of handwriting Life / Gadgets & Gear 16 hours ago SARAH WILD: Technology helps to put new plants on the map Life 16 hours ago Politics National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Markets Business Economy Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Read More About us Contact us FAQs Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Privacy policy © 2016 Times Media Group. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. © BusinessLIVE MMXVI
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Deal: Samsung Galaxy TabPro S now available for $699.99 0 by Pradeep  @pradeepviswav Aug 22, 2016 at 11:00 GMT3 months ago Samsung Galaxy TabPro S is now available for $699 (Reg. $899.99) from BestBuy as a limited time offer. Featuring a full-sized keyboard and intuitive touchpad, Galaxy TabPro S lets you navigate websites and type documents effortlessly. A Super AMOLED display delivers crisp visuals for viewing videos or gaming, and the Windows 10 OS gives the Samsung Galaxy TabPro S enhanced productivity for work or play. Samsung, Intel and Microsoft teams spent countless hours collaborating and refining the user experience for the Galaxy TabPro S with the goal to deliver an entirely new experience and build a wonderful Windows 10 device that was not only powerful in computing capability, but also beautiful in design with the upmost functionality for mobile productivity. 12″ widescreen with 2160 x 1440 resolution High pixel density and stunning detail make this screen ideal for Web browsing, studying, reading and streaming HD content. 128GB internal storage Store your software, apps, music, movies, photos and more. Dual-core processor Delivers responsive performance, smooth-streaming video and fast access to the Web and e-mail. Dual cameras for photos and face-to-face chat 5MP rear camera and 5MP front camera with auto focus and CMOS sensor. Find the deal here from BestBuy. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Related availability best buy Galaxy TabPro S microsoft stores Order Pricing samsung Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Microsoft’s Home Hub appears to be on the Windows and Device Group product roadmap by Surur 0 Trending Microsoft is bringing Xbox One game streaming to the Oculus Rift on Windows 10 by Mehedi Hassan 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 22: No Phone Left Behind by Andrew Bennett on November 21, 2016 It doesn’t matter if your phone’s running the fast ring, slow ring, or even stuck on 10586 – Windows 10 Mobile users have plenty of updates to enjoy downloading this week, ... Subscribe Now Windows 10 Microsoft’s CEO Satya Nadella wants to build the ‘the ultimate mobile device’ by Mehedi Hassan on November 22, 2016 Many Microsoft execs have been spoken of building new category of devices lately. This, of course, includes Satya Nadella. In a recent interview, Nadella acknowledged the fact that Microsof... HP Elite x3 snags a new firmware update by Sean Chan HP has started rolling out a new firmware update for the Elite x3. The latest firmware update takes the software to 0002.0000.0018.0105. This update does not seem to include any new features... Microsoft’s Home Hub appears to be on the Windows and Device Group product... by Surur We reported earlier that the software foundations for Microsoft’s Home Hub have been spotted, showing that it would allow access to a Family Desktop above the Lock Screen featuring ... Cartoon texture pack now available on Minecraft: Pocket and Windows 10 Editions by Pradeep Mojang today announced the availability of Cartoon texture pack on Minecraft Pocket and Windows 10 Editions. A Minecraft texture pack to surprise and amuse you. Even the spiders are happy! T... ASUS ROG G701VI gaming laptop with NVIDIA GTX 1080 now available for order in th... by Pradeep Earlier this month, ASUS announced the updated ROG G701VI gaming laptop with NVIDIA GTX 1080 card. The VR Ready NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 graphics card used in ROG G701VI provides improved gra... Deals Deals Deal: Get ReCore Xbox One game for just $19.99 You can now get the popular adventure game ReCore for just $19.99 from Amazon. Experience a new masterpiece from Keiji Inafune and the makers of Metroid Prime. Explore a dynamic world in a ... Deal: Save up to £30 on Office for a limited time from Microsoft Store UK You can now save up to £30 on Office for a limited time from Microsoft Store UK. Office 365 Home, Office Home & Student 2016 for Mac and Office Home and Student 2016 are available on di... Black Friday Deal: Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3, Surface Pen and Type Cover ... Microsoft Store UK’s Black Friday Deal for Surface Pro 4 device is now available online. Get a Surface Pro 4 with 128GB / Intel Core m3, Surface Pen and Type Cover for just £599. You ... Deal: Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5/128GB for $799, plus add a Type Cover for... Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $200 for the Core i5/128GB Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get a Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD and ... Deal: Save $250 on entry-level Surface Book device from Microsoft Store Microsoft Store is now offering $250 discount on the entry level Surface Book device. Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for $1249. Surface Book... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 256GB storage for £969 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of £110 for the Core i5/256GB Surface Pro 4 device in the UK. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 256GB SSD and 4GB RAM for ... Microsoft Store to offer great deals on Surface, Windows 10 PCs and Xbox for thi... Along with the great deals on Xbox One consoles and Xbox games, Microsoft today announced that they will be offering great deals from Microsoft Store for this Black Friday. Find the details ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3/128GB SSD and Alcantara Type Co... BestBuy retail stores are now offering a great deal on the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Xbox One clearance sale now available from Microsoft Store UK, save up to £200 Microsoft Store UK is going early with the Black Friday Deals. Today, Microsoft Store UK has started selling Xbox One bundles starting at just £199. For example, you can get the Xbox One ... HP’s Black Friday Sale deals revealed, includes several Windows laptops HP’s Black Friday Sale deals were revealed yesterday. It includes number of Windows laptops, desktops, PC accessories, monitors, etc,. For example, you can save up to $729 on HP Elit... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2016 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Home Search Skip to content Skip to navigation View mobile version The New York Times Economy|Bay Area Start-Ups Find Low-Cost Outposts in Arizona Search Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go http://nyti.ms/2bt53Dw Loading... See next articles See previous articles Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Advertisement Supported by Economy Bay Area Start-Ups Find Low-Cost Outposts in Arizona By CONOR DOUGHERTYAUG. 21, 2016 Continue reading the main story Share This Page Continue reading the main story Photo Downtown Phoenix, as seen from the offices of Gainsight, a Redwood City, Calif., company that opened the 12-person office in November. Credit Caitlin O'Hara for The New York Times PHOENIX — Three years ago, Kate Rogers was caught in the Bay Area struggle. She paid the astronomical rents. She did the crushing commute. She lived the frustration of always thinking about money even though she was a well-paid professional in the booming technology industry. And then, just like that, the stress went away. All she had to do was move to Arizona. “I didn’t want to have to decide between picking my son up at school and being successful at my job,” said Ms. Rogers, who runs the Phoenix-area offices of Weebly, a San Francisco company whose software makes it easier for regular people to build websites. “In San Francisco, that would not have been possible.” As start-ups across San Francisco and the Silicon Valley try to contend with high salaries and housing costs, many are expanding to lower-cost cities in the West and employing more people like Ms. Rogers. For Phoenix, which is about a 90-minute flight from San Francisco, the Bay Area’s loss is its gain. The Phoenix metro area was hit hard by the housing bust, but it is experiencing a strong recovery. The unemployment rate has recently fallen below 5 percent, the lowest in eight years, and several Silicon Valley companies, including Yelp and Uber, have opened new offices in the region. A reviving downtown Phoenix now has a cluster of companies that make business software. The Tech Jobs Bounty The San Francisco Bay Area is the nation’s most prolific source of new jobs in technology, but other metro areas are also playing an important role in the industry’s expansion. Areas with the highest number of technology jobs, 2015 Seattle Portland Cambridge/ Boston Detroit/ Warren MI Minneapolis Newark San Francisco/ Oakland/San Jose New York/Nassau Co. Pittsburgh Chicago/Lake Co. Salt Lake City Montgomery Co., Pa. Indianapolis Denver Columbus Baltimore Kansas City St. Louis Washington/ Silver Spring, Md. Los Angeles/ Anaheim Charlotte Raleigh/ Durham Phoenix Atlanta San Diego Dallas Austin NUMBER OF JOBS Orlando Tampa Houston 500,000 50,000 Areas with the greatest percentage increase in technology jobs from 2010 to 2015 AREA INCREASE IN NUMBER OF JOBS San Francisco 71.6   % San Antonio 19.4   Raleigh 38.5   Chicago 18.7   Austin 37.2   Denver 18.6   Phoenix 18.6   Nashville 30.0   San Jose 28.7   New York 18.5   Charlotte 28.0   Seattle 18.2   Dallas 17.6   Boston 27.3   Warren, Mich. 17.5   Detroit 27.2   Atlanta 22.6   Indianapolis 17.1   Salt Lake City 22.0   Pittsburgh 16.6 Areas with the greatest percentage increase in technology jobs from 2010 to 2015 AREA INCREASE IN NUMBER OF JOBS San Francisco 71.6   % Raleigh 38.5   Austin 37.2   Nashville 30.0   San Jose 28.7   Charlotte 28.0   Boston 27.3   Detroit 27.2   Atlanta 22.6   Salt Lake City 22.0   San Antonio 19.4   Chicago 18.7   Denver 18.6   Phoenix 18.6   New York 18.5   Seattle 18.2   Dallas 17.6   Warren, Mich. 17.5   Indianapolis 17.1   Pittsburgh 16.6 Source: Moody’s AUG. 21, 2016 By The New York Times At the end of last year in the Bay Area mega-region — including both the San Francisco and San Jose metropolitan areas — there were 530,000 tech and engineering jobs, a 7 percent increase from a year earlier. Phoenix has about one-fifth as many tech jobs, but the total grew 8 percent from a year ago, according to Moody’s Analytics. Continue reading the main story Advertisement Continue reading the main story “The Bay Area’s explosive growth is almost too much for the region,” said Jackson Kitchen, an analyst at Moody’s Analytics. “They are bidding up wages so high that companies are saying, ‘Let’s expand to Phoenix or Boise or Salt Lake City where wages and real estate are that much cheaper.’” Advertisement Continue reading the main story Indirectly, of course, this is also good for the Bay Area’s tech cluster, allowing companies to grow faster and make jobs more appealing. By expanding to Arizona, for example, Weebly was able to turn freelance customer service representatives into full-time employees. The company’s Scottsdale, Ariz., office has Silicon Valley perks like catered lunches and a massage room, along with some local touches, like a “No Weapons” sign to remind employees that open-carry laws do not extend onto company property. Wages, taxes and energy cost about 25 percent less in Phoenix than they do in San Francisco, according to an index of business costs compiled by Moody’s Analytics. Photo By expanding to Arizona, Weebly was able to turn freelance customer service representatives into full-time employees. Credit Caitlin O'Hara for The New York Times Housing is much cheaper. The median home price in the Phoenix metropolitan area is $221,000, according to Zillow. In San Francisco, it is $812,000. For Ms. Rogers and others, that is a far bigger perk than an extra vacation or a raise in California. Instead of renting a rundown house in Redwood City and commuting an hour or more to work, she now lives 10 minutes from the office in a house that is twice the size — with mortgage payments that are half the cost of her California rent. “When I had a kid, it forced the decision for me,” Ms. Rogers said. Hordes of young dreamy entrepreneurs still flock to the Bay Area each year in search of venture capital. Silicon Valley is to tech entrepreneurs what Hollywood is to actors, and the region continues to significantly outpace the nation in creating engineering jobs. But as companies grow and add large numbers of sales and customer service jobs, “it’s less about survival and having everybody in the same room,” said Lawrence Coburn, chief executive of DoubleDutch, a San Francisco maker of software for live events that recently laid off a quarter of its staff to try to become profitable sooner. This year, the company opened a downtown Phoenix office with sales and customer service jobs. “San Francisco is a terrible place for entry-level people,” Mr. Coburn said, because the infrastructure and housing are “failing.” Photo Kate Rogers, director of people operations for Weebly, at its offices in Scottsdale, Ariz. Credit Caitlin O’Hara for The New York Times Local economic development agencies and real estate developers are doing what they can to keep the movement going. Take, for instance, the downtown Phoenix offices of Gainsight, a Redwood City company whose software helps companies track and retain customers. In November, Gainsight opened its 12-person Phoenix office, with modernist touches like exposed ceilings and concrete floors in the hallways, along with the crammed desks and open floor plan favored by tech companies. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times The only private spaces are a handful of conference rooms, including one that has a Ping-Pong table and is decorated with posters with famous quotes by luminaries including Mother Teresa. Advertisement Continue reading the main story Most of the building’s floors have a more traditional layout full of offices and carpet. But the building’s owner, Ironline Partners, renovated the more open floor with an eye toward software companies, of which there are now three, including Gainsight. “Since those guys moved in, we’ve blown out the entire 15th floor and the entire fifth floor to do more of the same,” said D. J. Fernandes, an architect at Ironline Partners who designed the spaces. The Bay Area has never been especially cheap, and tech companies have a long history of moving their more expensive and labor-intensive functions to second-tier cities where land and labor are less expensive. Intel, the semiconductor giant, was founded in the Silicon Valley in 1968, and by 1979, it had manufacturing facilities outside Portland, Ore., and Phoenix. Photo Scott Salkin, left, and Kyle Burnett, founders of Allbound, in their Phoenix offices. Credit Caitlin O'Hara for The New York Times But as the latest exodus gathers steam, these outlying cities hope some of the higher-paying engineering jobs will start moving as well. “We don’t want to be San Francisco’s back office — we need more creators here,” said Scott Salkin, a founder and the chief executive of Allbound, which is based in Phoenix, makes sales software and has offices down the hall from Gainsight’s. Chris Camacho, chief executive of the Greater Phoenix Economic Council, says better-paying jobs will follow, since companies prefer to expand in cities where they already have offices. That has been true for Intel, which over the last few decades has added a number of different positions to its original manufacturing hubs. This is why part of Mr. Camacho’s strategy is to focus on Bay Area start-ups just as they reach a growth spurt. “The reality is all of these companies are going to hit a pain point once they hit more than 50 employees,” he said. Advertisement Continue reading the main story But while Phoenix is recruiting companies, its technology scene lacks some crucial elements. Mr. Salkin, from Allbound, said he still flies to the Bay Area once a month for networking or other events. “We’re doing amazing things here,” he said, “but we’ve got a way to go.” Mr. Salkin added that for technology companies, which hire people from all kinds of backgrounds, Arizona’s socially conservative politics can be a form of cultural baggage. For example, the former governor, Jan Brewer, signed one of the nation’s toughest immigration laws in 2010, and same-sex marriage was illegal until a federal court overturned a voter-approved ban in 2014. In San Francisco, “you can come from any walk of life and feel pretty much accepted and safe,” Mr. Salkin said. “You struggle to say that here right now. I think that’s changing, but it has not been the case in Arizona, and I think that’s a big thing.” A version of this article appears in print on August 22, 2016, on page B1 of the New York edition with the headline: Bay Area Start-Up Spillover. Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe Continue reading the main story We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think. Related Coverage SQUARE FEET Chattanooga’s Innovation District Beckons to Young Entrepreneurs AUG. 16, 2016 The Silicon Valley of Space Start-Ups? It Could be Seattle JULY 29, 2016 A New Wrinkle in the Gig Economy: Workers Get Most of the Money JULY 20, 2016 In Cramped and Costly Bay Area, Cries to Build, Baby, Build APRIL 16, 2016 Editors’ Picks A Four-Day Feast in Philadelphia NOV 22 The Message of Thomas Friedman’s New Book: It’s Going to Be O.K. NOV 22 50 Years Ago, Truman Capote Hosted the Best Party Ever NOV 21 From Elton John, Photography’s Greatest Hits NOV 21 The Passion of Martin Scorsese NOV 21 See More » Related Coverage SQUARE FEET Chattanooga’s Innovation District Beckons to Young Entrepreneurs AUG. 16, 2016 The Silicon Valley of Space Start-Ups? It Could be Seattle JULY 29, 2016 A New Wrinkle in the Gig Economy: Workers Get Most of the Money JULY 20, 2016 In Cramped and Costly Bay Area, Cries to Build, Baby, Build APRIL 16, 2016 What's Next Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2016 The New York Times Company Home Search Accessibility concerns? Email us at accessibility@nytimes.com. We would love to hear from you. Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions

Everything News Jobs Opportunities Events Products/Services more▼ Tips Links Pictures Discussion Organisations Case Studies YouTube Twitter FaceBook Other Low Carbon Resources »   About▼ About A Low Carbon Economy About Us Who Is This Website For ? What Is On This Website ? Free Newsletter Premium Partners Contact Us Link To Us Sign Up Sign in My Account▼ Content Enquiries + Downloads Avatar Edit CV/Résumé Edit Profile Edit Settings Companies I'm following Member Networks Upload Content▼ From my Organisation Product / Service News / Press Release Job Opportunity Case Study Event From me Discussion Tip / "Did You Know" Harry Walter - TransparencyMarket Research Tweet About This item has been removed by its owner Related Categories Clicking a category below will direct you to a list of related information Sector Industrial close Forward this page To Email      Your details Your name   Email    Security The details you provide on this page will not be used to send unsolicited e-mail, and will not be sold to a 3rd party. Go To Home Resource Links We're social:             View Available Feeds ▼ Find out more! Leave us your feedback Follow @LCETweets RSS Marketplace Content Products & Services Press Releases Jobs Opportunities Case Studies Events Organisations LCE Content Low Carbon News Community Content Discussions Tips & Did you know Links & Resources Reviews Pictures Copyright © 2006-2016 The Low Carbon Economy Ltd. Terms, Conditions, and Policies Thorney Weir, Iver, BUCKS SL0 9AQ United Kingdom Tel: +44 (0)845 31 31 711 Fax: +44 (0)1895 431 880 | VAT no. GB901241969 Contact Us We appreciate all feedback. Please leave as much or as little as you like about any aspect of this website. If your message requires a response, please leave your email address.
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Linux > Open Source Software FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Anti-Keylogger Premium      30% OFF! Linux Kernel 3.14.77 LTS Has Updated Radeon and InfiniBand Drivers, CIFS Fixes GO All users of the Linux 3.14 LTS kernel series must update Aug 22, 2016 08:20 GMT  ·  By Marius Nestor  ·  Share:  Immediately after announcing the release of Linux kernel 4.7.2, renowned kernel developer Greg Kroah-Hartman informed the community about the immediate availability of Linux kernel 3.14.77 LTS. As you might know already, the Linux 3.14 kernel series is a long-term supported one, and it will receive security patches, updated drivers, and other improvements until January 2017. The seventy-seventh maintenance update comes only four days from the release of Linux kernel 3.14.76 LTS and, according to the appended shortlog and the diff from the previous point release, it changes a total of 45 files, with 337 insertions and 158 deletions. "I'm announcing the release of the 3.14.77 kernel. All users of the 3.14 kernel series must upgrade," says Greg Kroah-Hartman in the release announcement. "The updated 3.14.y git tree can be found at: git://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-stable.git linux-3.14.y and can be browsed at the normal kernel.org git web browser: http://git.kernel.org/?p=linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-stable.git;a=summary." Updated drivers, CIFS improvements, and core networking fixes If you're wondering what's new in Linux kernel 3.14.77 LTS, we can tell you that it includes various updated drivers, in particular for Radeon and Intel i915 GPUs, general-purpose input/output (GPIO), InfiniBand, MD, MTD, PCI, USB, and Virtio devices, small improvements to the CIFS and NFS filesystems, minor MIPS and ARM enhancements, as well as core networking updates, with IPv4, IPv6, and Netlabel changes. If you're using a GNU/Linux operating system powered by a kernel from the Linux 3.14 LTS series, we recommend that you update as soon as possible to Linux kernel 3.14.77 LTS. To do that, simply run the default package manager of your distribution and apply all available updates. Alternatively, power users and OS vendors can now download the Linux kernel 3.14.77 LTS sources via our website or directly from kernel.org. #Linux kernel 3.14.77 LTS#Linux 3.14.77#Linux kernel#Linux LTS#Linux subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Chakra GNU/Linux Users Receive KDE Applications 16.08, VirtualBox 5.1.4, More Linus Torvalds Announces a Fairly Small Third Linux Kernel 4.8 Release Candidate Lubuntu Team Needs Your Feedback on the Size of the Lubuntu Linux ISO Images Intel's New Joule IoT Development Board Is Powered by Snappy Ubuntu Core Donald Trump, Tim Cook Discuss Building iPhones in the United States iPhone 8 to Feature Traditional Wireless Charging like the Samsung Galaxy S7 Lenovo Builds a New Microsoft Surface Clone and It Looks Fabulous Anonymous Hackers Want McAfee to Be Trump’s Security Adviser, Call for March HTC Desire 650 Announced, a Low Mid-End Smartphone for the Masses Glossy Black Galaxy S7 edge Leaks in Live Pictures Download Windows 10 64-bit Drivers for Acer’s Aspire TC-710 Desktop Model Intel Rolls Out Several New BIOS Versions for Its NUC Kits and Compute Sticks    Linux kernel 3.14.77 LTS released New Linux Apps Vendetta Online: A MMORPG (Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game) that takes place in space Ruby: An object-oriented programming language for GNU/Linux and UNIX-like operating systems Opera: Surf the Internet in a safer, faster and easier way with the Opera browser for Linux Google Chrome: The powerful, lightweight and easy-to-use web browser developed by the well known Google company Doomsday Engine: An Open Source 3D-graphics enhanced game engine for Doom, Heretic, and Hexen games GNOME Software: A free project that provides a Software Center app of the GNOME desktop environment GNOME Music: Listen to music, upload music and share audio files across devices with this GNOME app Reader comments Total War: WARHAMMER Out Now for Linux and SteamOS, Ported by Feral Interactive more on: Total War: WARHAMMER i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Länderauswahl: DE AT CH Home Gewinnspiel UFC 2 + Kickboxer: Die Vergeltung - Gewinnspiel Interessante Links Gewinnspiele Newsletter Teamseite Impressum News News Steam Aktuelles aus der Welt der Spiele Nintendo Switch Gamestop: Hat gute Chancen, den Markt umzukrempeln Black Desert Online Neue Klassen + Black-Friday-Rabatt Humble Staff Picks Bundle Neues Schnäppchen mit Volume, Grim Dawn & mehr > Alle News im Überblick < Artikel Special Pokémon Sonne und Mond Neue Artikel auf Gameswelt Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun Wie Commandos – aber mit Ninjas! Top 10 Urgesteine Diese Spieleserien begeistern seit Jahrzehnten Killing Floor 2 Endlose Wellen aus Blut Artikel im Überblick Previews Tests Specials Hardware Videos Video GWTV News Neue Videos auf Gameswelt.tv Outlast 2 Underscare: Retter gegen Angstschiss! Watch_Dogs 2 Hackt auf dem PC mit Hilfe von Nvidia Overwatch Das umfangreiche Symmetra-Redesign > Alle Videos im Überblick < Bilder Screenshots Flying Tigers: Shadows Over China Neue Screenshots und Artworks Endless Space 2 Neun Bilder zum United Empire Update Tavern Keeper Vier Screenshots LEGO Dimensions Sonic, Phantastische Tierwesen und mehr > Alle Bilder im Überblick < Tipps Komplettlösung Pokémon Sonne & Mond Aktuelle Tipps und Lösungen Watch Dogs 2 Komplettlösung, Tipps & Tricks, alle Hauptoperationen, Nebenoperationen und Kerndaten Dishonored 2: Das Vermächtnis der Maske Lösungen gegen Ruckeln und Framerate-Probleme am PC Dishonored 2: Das Vermächtnis der Maske Komplettlösung, Tipps & Tricks, alle Hauptmissionen > Alle Tipps im Überblick < Downloads Freeware MapleStory Aktuelles zum Herunterladen Book of Demons Probiert die PC-Fassung aus Notruf 112: Die Feuerwehr Simulation Demo Euro Truck Simulator 2: Going East! Add-On DLC v1.25.2.5 > Alle Downloads im Überblick < Du wurdest von unserer Mobile-Seite hierher weitergeleitet. Zur Mobile-Seite Schliessen News - No Man's Sky : Das haben die bisherigen PC-Patches geändert PC PS4 Von Tobias Simon 22.08.2016 06:32 UhrKommentieren Hello Games hat das mit Problemen gestartete No Man's Sky mittlerweile mit vielen Verbesserungen versehen. Nun hat man sich konkret zu den Änderungen in den bisherigen PC-Patches geäußert. Drei PC-Updates hat das Entwicklerstudio mittlerweile für diese Fassung des Spiels veröffentlicht, bislang schwieg man sich zu den konkreten Änderungen jedoch aus. Ein viertes Update ist für diese Woche angekündigt. Zuvor könnt ihr hier nun die konkrete Liste der Änderungen in den Patches 1 bis 3 nachlesen, die rund 70 Prozent der Fehler behoben haben sollen: Patch #1 AMD Phenom Support Alt-Tab has improved Improved Performance Framerate Stuttering due to Shader Caching Max FPS Cap Radeon 6xxx Save Corruption Intel GPU Detection Gsync Mouse Smoothing Patch #2 Stuck under the world Crash after warping Game failing to save until you died Crash fixes in scanning Crash warping inside a freighter Patch #3 Stranded in Space Station Loading Corrupted Save Files Crash fixes for next three most commonly reported issues: As the player gathers a huge amount of discoveries, there was a threading issue that becomes more prevalent the more discoveries you have, and could cause the game to crash. If you had collected a large number of blueprints, in a specific order it was possible to crash the game when you received a new blueprint. This has been fixed. Players who set a large number of waypoints could find themselves in a situation where they could crash the game in the Galactic Map, this is remedied now (PS. A better waypoint system is coming). Kein Spiel für jedermann - Warum es so schwer ist, No Man's Sky zu bewerten No Man's Sky ist kein Spiel für jedermann. "Gut so!", sagt Felix. Hier erklärt er euch, warum. Quelle Von Tobias Simon 22.08.2016 06:32 Uhr Könnte dichinteressieren Kommentarezum Artikel Infos zum Titel No Man's Sky Plattform PCPS4 Kurzinfo Erforscht fremde Planeten und Galaxien auf der Suche nach Rohstoffen, um euch zu verbessern und bis zum Zentrum des Weltalls vorzudringen. Genre Action-Adventure Release 12.08.2016 Entwickler Hello Games Publisher Hello Games Spieler Offline: 1 - 1 / Online: - Einstufung Features Soundtrack von 65daysofstatic 18 Trillionen erforschbare Planeten zufallsgenerierte Planeten keine Ladezeiten Genre Action-Adventure Release 10.08.2016 Entwickler Hello Games Publisher Hello Games Spieler Offline: 1 - 1 / Online: - Einstufung Features Soundtrack von 65daysofstatic 18 Trillionen erforschbare Planeten zufallsgenerierte Planeten keine Ladezeiten Webseite Offizielle Webseite Über uns Disclaimer Team Impressum Newsletter Werbung Der Verlag Themen von A bis Z Alle Spiele von A-Z Alle Events von A-Z Alles zu Hardware von A-Z Alle Publisher/Entwickler von A-Z Alle Inhalte aus dem Archiv News-Archiv Artikel-Archiv Video-Archiv Bilder-Archiv Tipps-Archiv Downloads-Archiv Gewinnspiele Partner und Netzwerk Gameswelt Deutschland Gameswelt Österreich Gameswelt Schweiz mann.tv FILM.TV Social Media Gameswelt auf Facebook Gameswelt auf Twitter Gameswelt auf Google+ Gameswelt auf YouTube RSS/Atom Feeds von Gameswelt Copyright 2016 by Entertainment Media Group AG . Alle Rechte vorbehalten. Dein Magazin rund um Games...
Skip to: Content | | Footer Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More! If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly. Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center All Products DEALS & SERVICES Newegg Mobile Shop Exclusive Deals on Newegg Mobile App! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event Black Friday Deals Now What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU ZTE Axon 7 More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1294 25 38 514 947 18 179 293 99 71 727 324 Editor Tested Avegant Glyph, A Personal Theater Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Up Your Game with QLIPP Trending Events Home Safety & Security Systems Radio Controlled Tech Deals Save on Select Dyson Products For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos iframe for layout Search all Search all Search iframe for layout Home >  Components >  Memory >  Desktop Memory >  HyperX >  Item#: N82E16820104446 Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery HyperX FURY 8GB (2 x 4GB) 240-Pin DDR3 SDRAM DDR3 1600 (PC3 12800) Desktop Memory Model HX316C10FBK2/8 Share Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller DDR3 1600 (PC3 12800) Timing 10-10-10 Cas Latency 10 Voltage 1.5V LOADING... HyperX FURY 8GB (2 x 4GB) 240-Pin DDR3 SDRAM DDR3 1600 (PC3 12800) Desktop Memory Model HX316C10FBK2/8 Ships from United States. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A HyperX FURY DDR3 Memory Auto-overclocking up to 1866MHz to get you in the game faster. HyperX® FURY DDR3 memory automatically overclocks up to 1866MHz1 for hassle-free, plug-and-play functionality that gets you in the game faster and instant top-level performance that helps you win it. With voltages as low as 1.35V, it draws less power and generates less heat, while supporting Intel's new 100 Series chipset. Its asymmetric, aggressive design lets you stand out from the crowd of "squared" designs and features quality aluminum and a diamond-cut finish. It's available in black, blue, white and red with a black PCB to match the latest color schemes of motherboards, cases and other components. Automatic overclocking up to 1866MHz* Voltages start as low as 1.35V Asymmetric, aggressive heat spreader design Available in multiple colors with a black PCB Automatic overclocking Get in the game faster with automatic overclocking up to the highest frequency published. Low voltage options HyperX FURY DDR3 offers low 1.35V options to draw less power and generate less heat — while increasing reliability. This low power offering is compatible with Intel's 100 Series chipset. Aggressive look, asymmetrical design Its innovative design makes HyperX FURY DDR3 memory stand out from the crowd. Its asymmetrical heat spreader and black PCB complement the look of many systems. In multiple colors to match your system HyperX FURY DDR3 comes in multiple colors, so there's sure to be one that goes with your system or that custom case mod you've been working on. *HyperX PnP memory will run in most DDR3 systems up to the speed allowed by the manufacturer's system BIOS. PnP cannot increase the system memory speed faster than is allowed by the manufacturer's BIOS. Auto-Overclock The Fury recognizes your platform settings and automatically overclocks to the published frequency, no adjustments in BIOS needed. (HyperX PnP memory will run in most DDR3 systems up to the speed allowed by the manufacturer's system BIOS. PnP cannot increase the system memory speed faster than is allowed by the manufacturer's BIOS.) Asymmetric Heat Spreader FURY’s asymmetric heatspreader design lets you stand out from the “square” crowd. It’s available in black, blue, red and — for the first time in the HyperX line — white, with a black PCB. So your rig can reflect your style and you can show it off with pride — without spending a lot, since FURY is affordably priced. Industry-leading Reliability The Fury is 100-percent factory tested, compatible with Intel and AMD platforms, and tested with all popular brands of motherboards. Learn more about the HyperX HX316C10FBK2/8 Model| Brand HyperX Series FURY Model HX316C10FBK2/8 Details| Capacity 8GB (2 x 4GB) Type 240-Pin DDR3 SDRAM Speed DDR3 1600 (PC3 12800) Cas Latency 10 Timing 10-10-10 Voltage 1.5V ECC No Buffered/Registered Unbuffered Multi-channel Kit Dual Channel Kit Color Black Heat Spreader Yes Features JEDEC standard 1.5V (1.425V ~ 1.575V) Power Supply VDDQ = 1.5V (1.425V ~ 1.575V) 800MHz fCK for 1600MB/sec/pin 8 independent internal bank Programmable CAS Latency: 11, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6 Programmable Additive Latency: 0, CL - 2, or CL - 1 clock 8-bit pre-fetch Burst Length: 8 (Interleave without any limit, sequential with starting address "000" only), 4 with tCCD = 4 which does not allow seamless read or write [either on the fly using A12 or MRS] Bi-directional Differential Data Strobe Internal (self) calibration: Internal self calibration through ZQ pin (RZQ: 240 ohm ± 1%) On Die Termination using ODT pin Asynchronous Reset Height 1.29" (32.80mm) w/ heatsink, single sided component Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): Lifetime Limited Warranty period (labor): Lifetime Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Website: http://www.kingston.com/us/memory/hyperx| Support Phone: 1-877-546-4786 Support Website| View other products from HyperX Return Policies We want to ensure your holiday shopping this year is hassle-free. That’s why we’re automatically extending our return policies on almost every product! For purchases placed between November 1, 2016 and December 24, 2016 you will have until January 31, 2017 to return your product. There's nothing additional that you have to do! Return for refund until: January 31, 2017 Return for replacement until: January 31, 2017 This item is covered by Newegg.com's Extended Holiday Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions.Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset compare Best Service Sellers antonline.com Sold and Shipped by: antonline.com Ask antonline.com about: HyperX FURY 8GB (2 x 4GB) 240-Pin DDR3 SDRAM DDR3 1600 (PC3 12800) Desktop Memory Model HX316C10FBK2/8 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:5/5 (9,997) Ships from United States. Kingshop Sold and Shipped by: Kingshop Ask Kingshop about: HyperX FURY 8GB (2 x 4GB) 240-Pin DDR3 SDRAM DDR3 1600 (PC3 12800) Desktop Memory Model HX316C10FBK2/8 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:5/5 (43) Ships from China. CardMachineOutlet.com Sold and Shipped by: CardMachineOutlet.com Ask CardMachineOutlet.com about: HyperX FURY 8GB (2 x 4GB) 240-Pin DDR3 SDRAM DDR3 1600 (PC3 12800) Desktop Memory Model HX316C10FBK2/8 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:5/5 (35) Ships from United States. Etronix World Sold and Shipped by: Etronix World Ask Etronix World about: HyperX FURY 8GB (2 x 4GB) 240-Pin DDR3 SDRAM DDR3 1600 (PC3 12800) Desktop Memory Model HX316C10FBK2/8 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:5/5 (101) Ships from United States. Jack's Marketplace Sold and Shipped by: Jack's Marketplace Ask Jack's Marketplace about: HyperX FURY 8GB (2 x 4GB) 240-Pin DDR3 SDRAM DDR3 1600 (PC3 12800) Desktop Memory Model HX316C10FBK2/8 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:5/5 (297) Ships from China. Compare offers from more sellers as low as $48.99 plus shipping Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo More Resources HyperX;HX316C10FBK2/8;HX316C10FBK2/8 - Kingston Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal. This item is eligible for Newegg Premier benefits. Are you a Newegg Premier Member? If not, sign up today and get: Free 3-day-or-less shipping on eligible items, discounts on 2- or 1-day delivery Free shipping on returns using labels available on our website No re-stocking fees Learn More | Sign-in Condition Guidelines The following guidelines apply to all product categories unless otherwise indicated within specific categories. New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty. Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions. Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category. Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description. Price Available at Checkout Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book Wish Lists Newegg Notifications Newegg Subscriptions Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Shop by Brand Trade-In Site Map Become an Affiliate Marketplace Sellers Shipped by Newegg Mobile Apps Sell to Newegg Product Review Video Center Rebates Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy  © 2000-2016 Newegg Inc.  All rights reserved. Close close window If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.
null
  You are here: Home > Business > Transport Can China's Didi change the world? 0 Comment(s)Print E-mail CRIENGLISH.com, August 22, 2016 Adjust font size: Do you know Chinese ride-hailing company Didi Chuxing? And do you believe it can change the world? Maybe someone will tell you: why not! United States-based Fortune magazine published a '2016 Change the World' list of the top 50 global companies on August 18, in a move to highlight those who address major social problems as a core part of their business strategy. A screenshot shows the top 10 companies on Fortune magazine's '2016 Change the World' list. [Photo/CRIENGLISH.com]  Among the list, British pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline ranked in the top position, followed by Israeli water desalination firm IDE Technologies in second, as well as American multinational conglomerate General Electric in third. As the only Chinese mainland company on the list, ride-hailing firm Didi Chuxing ranked 30th, while Hong Kong-based apparel manufacturer Crystal Group was listed 17th. A screenshot shows Didi Chuxing in 30th position on Fortune magazine's '2016 Change the World' list. [Photo/CRIENGLISH.com]  A total of 22 US companies were included in the list, including Coca-Cola, Nike, Intel, Walmart, and Bank of America. Surprisingly, Apple, Facebook and Amazon are absent. Fortune magazine published its first 'Change the World' list in August last year which included 51 companies. China's e-commerce giant Alibaba and domestic automaker BYD were featured on that list. Follow China.org.cn on Twitter and Facebook to join the conversation. Print E-mail Go to Forum >>0 Comment(s) No comments. Add your comments... User Name Required Your Comment Enter the words you see:    Racist, abusive and off-topic comments may be removed by the moderator. Send your storiesGet more from China.org.cnMobileRSSNewsletter Can China's Didi change the world? Do you know Chinese ride-hailing company Didi Chuxing? And do you believe it can change the world? Maybe someone will tell you: why not! CRIENGLISH.com CRIENGLISH.com
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Crews adorn Esther Short tree with 11,000 bulbs for Friday ceremony Police investigate body found along Columbia River in Vancouver Deputies investigate strong-arm robbery in Hazel Dell parking lot Sheriff’s Office: Woman rescued from fire, arrested for arson Two arrested following Hazel Dell armed robbery Woman’s engagement ring stolen at Macy’s Black Lives Matter meet, discuss goals with schools Police Activities League gives holiday food baskets Portland man’s conviction overturned Man gets 20 years for kidnapping, assault David Madore buys Living Hope Church for $4.7M Madore Properties, an LLC owned by David Madore, has purchased Living Hope Church for $4,746,700. Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Twin Harbors beach to open for razor clams Spike elk hunters face longest odds Petersen blends in while building up UW RBs play key role in WSU’s Air Raid Porzingis, Rose help Knicks edge Blazers, 107-103 Skyview football team is turning early losses into postseason victories Mount Hood Meadows anticipates Friday opening Apple Cup ranks high East County Jets headed to Pop Warner National Championships Community scoreboard 11-21 Spike elk hunters face longest odds Most discriminating sportsmen in Eastern Washington come from the humble ranks of general tag holders Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Five Trump business ties that pose conflicts Keeping politics off Thanksgiving menu Singletary: Getting a grasp on mutual funds U.S. existing home sales climb to highest since early 2007 Dow passes 19,000 as drive continues Clark County adds jobs in October, labor market improves AT&T defends free data to skeptical regulators Pilot strike threatens Amazon’s routes Open house in Tacoma invites LNG conversation Clark College targets manufacturing, region’s needs Keeping politics off Thanksgiving menu CHICAGO — When Mary Mitchell gathers with family for Thanksgiving, she plans to enjoy cooking with her sister a satisfying… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Sidewalk a stumbling point in Vancouver ‘To die at home’ isn’t as simple as it may sound Everybody Has A Story: Thanksgiving meal prep a family affair, wonderful memory James Corden to host 59th Grammy Awards The cranberry sauce upgrades: Figs, and a swig I wasn’t bowled over by soup for the holiday — until now Give an ethnic seasoning to your Thanksgiving side dishes Herby biscuits with a pedigree I can relate to A mixed-up salad that fits our feast Salted Caramel Sauce an easy treat ‘To die at home’ isn’t as simple as it may sound The blessings and curses of families are not limited to holiday gatherings, graduations, weddings and funerals. They also exist at… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Homelessness Hinders Cepeda: Minority writers have more to say than diversity tales Letter: Trump destined for disaster Letter: America hired an amateur Letter: Trump resistance will persist Letter: Homeless are punished enough Letter: No right to riot Letter: Republicans should live up to word In Our View: Dissent Is U.S. Tradition Sowell: Non-thinking progressives preoccupied with the past Editorial Cartoons, Nov. 20-26 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Sidewalk a stumbling point in Vancouver Everybody Has A Story: Thanksgiving meal prep a family affair, wonderful memory Applause Tell us about your extravagant Christmas lights, decorations You Can Help Ridgefield students celebrate Veterans Day Hathaway Elementary School looks to limit absences Local Daughters celebrate 70th anniversary Harvest of Month brings hummus to school Students dance for Parents Together Organization Green Meadows residents worry about annexation Art Stubbs is resigned to becoming a resident of Vancouver. But the idea still worries him. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate IT employs 4.6 million — mostly men, many immigrants By Karen Turner, Special to The Washington Post Published: August 21, 2016, 5:11 PM A   A The percentage of women working in the information technology field has always been relatively low, but it didn’t used to be as low as it is now. It peaked at 31 percent in 1990, then declined by about 6 percent over the past decade, even as the percentage of women in other occupations has steadily risen. That’s just one notable metric from a new Census Bureau report released last week that provides a bird’s-eye view of the changing field of computer work since the 1970s. The report also shows that most IT workers tend to be young, male and often foreign-born, and that the field has grown considerably in size and complexity as technology becomes increasingly important. The report found the number of IT jobs has grown from 450,000 in 1970 to 4.6 million in 2014, which accounts for 2.9 percent of the labor force. Additionally, IT work has become increasingly diverse, growing from three categories in the 1970s to 12 in 2014, reflecting new professions within the field. “In these early years, computers were large, expensive mainframes mostly used by governments, research laboratories, and manufacturing firms,” the report said, citing the mid-1970s as the beginning of the personal-computer boom. “As the market expanded, so did the demand for IT workers.” IT jobs identified in the 1970s included computer programmers, systems analysts and computer specialists. As the field grew in size in the following decades, jobs such as database administrators, information security analysts and Web developers were born. The report also reflects not just new jobs but also old ones that have been classified more accurately. Wages in the IT field have grown in the past four decades for men and women. In the ’70s, men were paid a median of $74,180, which jumped to $80,895 in 2014. The field represents a rare net rise in earnings — wages for men across all professions have gone down over the same timeline, according to the census report. For women, wages have grown in IT and across all other professions, although median wages for women are overall lower than for men. In 1970, the median wage for women working in IT jobs was $57,315, and in 2014 it jumped to $70,385. Clearly, the wage gap has closed slightly over the years, but it persists. A breakdown of wage and gender on a specific job level reveals that the wage gap tends to be bigger where there are more women employed. For example, for the job of database administrator, which has the most equal breakdown of genders within the IT field, the gender wage gap was the highest. The wage gap along with the drop in female workers in IT, which decreased from 31 percent to 25 percent since the ’90s, shows that issues surrounding lack of women in tech persist. The report also projects that the field will grow by 18 percent by 2022, although the latest Bureau of Labor Statistics occupational handbook has the industry’s growth at 12 percent by 2022. While the growth in industry jobs is irrefutable, some experts, including Ronil Hira, an economist at the Economic Policy Institute, aren’t impressed by these numbers in context. “Given the large amount of IT spending by all companies and the outsized role that IT plays in consumers’ lives, employment in the sector should be much higher,” he said, citing recent layoffs and the trend of offshoring IT jobs to less expensive countries as examples that the industry might be more unstable than the report suggests. Cisco announced 5,500 layoffs last week on the heels of Intel’s 12,000 layoffs and Dell’s 10,000 worker cuts, adding to a total of 63,000 IT job losses this year alone. Hira said that many of the jobs are going abroad to places such as India. “The next generation of IT jobs will be created in those countries rather than the U.S.,” he predicted. Hira is also concerned with the IT field’s tendency to hire young, foreign-born workers. The census report shows that more than half of all IT workers are between the ages of 25 and 44 and that 24 percent are foreign-born. Hira suspects that a number of these employees are guest workers employed under H1-B or L-1 visas. These workers tend to be young and male, and, despite being highly skilled, are employed in the United States under uncertain conditions and at considerably lower pay. While the census report does not dive into the number of IT workers who have guest visas, EPI’s own analysis has estimated that about two-thirds of all hires each year are employed under guest-worker visas. “This drives down wages and harms working conditions for Americans and immigrants alike because H-1B workers are paid less,” Hira said. “It reduces incentives to make IT more inclusive demographically, and reduces incentives to invest in training and retraining for incumbent workers.” Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2016 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: How Risky Is Ambarella, Inc. Stock? Is the GoPro supplier worth owning after plunging 40% over the past year? Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Aug 21, 2016 at 7:03PM Shares of Ambarella (NASDAQ:AMBA) have slumped more than 40% over the past 12 months on concerns of slowing sales, contracting margins, and rising competition. But after that steep decline, do the risks still outweigh the potential rewards? Let's examine Ambarella's growth, valuation, cash position, and competitive threats to decide. Image source: Ambarella. Slowing sales growth Ambarella's sales growth and profitability have weakened considerably over the past year. Sales fell 19% annually last quarter, compared to 5% growth in the previous quarter and 74% growth a year earlier. Analysts expect the chipmaker to post a 3% sales decline for the full year, down from 39% growth in 2015. The main weight on Ambarella's top line is the action camera market, which lost momentum over the past year as GoPro (NASDAQ:GPRO) failed to impress new customers with its existing cameras. Ambarella has tried to diversify away from action cameras with SoCs (system on chip) for drones, security cameras, and dash cams, but Pacific Crest estimates that GoPro's orders will still account for about a quarter of its sales this year. But assuming that GoPro's new Hero 5 and Karma drones post decent sales this holiday season, analysts expect Ambarella's sales to rise 19% next year. Higher sales of drones from DJI Innovations, another key Ambarella customer, and investments in new markets like connected cars should also support that growth. DJI's Phantom 4. Image source: DJI. Weak margins and profitability However, cheaper competitors in China have put pressure on Ambarella's margins, especially in the security camera market. The company has also been spending heavily on research and development to maintain its reputation as the "best in breed" manufacturer of image processing SoCs. Those pressures reduced its operating margin to just 2.4% last quarter, compared to 13.4% in the previous quarter and 28.6% a year ago. As a result, Ambarella's GAAP net income plunged from $18.9 million a year ago to just $1.8 million last quarter. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation and other expenses, net income still fell from $23.7 million to $11.4 million. Analysts expect those declines to result in a 28% drop in non-GAAP earnings for the full year. However, if the aforementioned tailwinds from GoPro, DJI, and others lift Ambarella's top line, its earnings might rebound 22% next year. An average valuation with a solid cash position Looking further ahead, analysts expect Ambarella's earnings to rise 15% annually over the next five years. That gives Ambarella a five-year PEG ratio of 1.8. Since a PEG ratio under 1 is considered undervalued, we can't consider the stock cheap relative to its earnings growth potential. Ambarella's cash and equivalents stayed almost flat sequentially at $268 million last quarter, but represented a 36% increase from the prior-year quarter. The company's marketable securities, which can be quickly converted to cash, rose 40% sequentially to $56 million, and it has no long term debt. Therefore, the chance of Ambarella burning through too much cash or issuing secondary offerings is extremely low. Competitive threats and buyout potential In addition to Chinese rivals, Ambarella must fend off Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), which has been aggressively moving into the image-processing SoC space with its mobile-based SoCs. Qualcomm's key advantage is that it can integrate its 4G modems with the processors to let OEMs create connected cameras or drones which don't need to be tethered to smartphones. Those same OEMs would need to buy an image-processing SoC from Ambarella and a baseband modem (likely from Qualcomm) separately to create the same product -- which would likely be less cost-effective than Qualcomm's approach. Several smaller action camera makers already use Qualcomm's SoCs instead of Ambarella's, and the mobile chipmaker is reportedly trying to lure GoPro and DJI away from Ambarella. Qualcomm's moves are troubling, but they also highlight Ambarella's value as a takeover target. Qualcomm's mobile SoCs still can't go toe-to-toe with Ambarella's SoCs yet, so it would make sense for Qualcomm to simply buy Ambarella and integrate its tech directly into its cameras, drones, and other devices. Intel, which is diversifying away from the PC market, could also buy Ambarella to enhance its depth-sensing RealSense cameras and drone-based Atom chips. So how risky is Ambarella? In my opinion, Ambarella's risks still outweigh its potential rewards. The company's near-term future depends heavily on GoPro making a comeback this year and for drone sales to take off. I've previously expressed my doubts about GoPro's future, and there's a strong chance that drone makers could favor Qualcomm's all-in-one Snapdragon Flight platform over Ambarella's stand-alone SoCs. Ambarella's cash position is strong, but its valuation suggests that the stock needs to fall further before becoming a bargain. If Ambarella falls another 50%, reducing its forward P/E to 11 and its PEG ratio to 0.9, I'd consider buying it. But until that happens, the stock is simply too risky to own. Leo Sun owns shares of Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Ambarella, GoPro, and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Aug 21, 2016 at 7:03PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $68.06 down $0.25 (-0.37%) Ambarella NASDAQ:AMBA $65.21 up $2.93 (4.70%) GoPro NASDAQ:GPRO $9.85 up $0.06 (0.61%) Read More 4 Best Stocks to Invest in Drones 3 Terrible Reasons to Buy Ambarella Inc. Stock Does GoPro's Tough Quarter Mean Trouble for Ambarella? Is Now the Time to Buy Ambarella, Inc. Stock? Why Ambarella Inc Stock Popped 22% in August Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Linux > Open Source Software FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! Linux Kernel 4.7.2 Is a Big Update with Numerous AMDGPU and ARM64 Improvements GO All users of the Linux 4.7 kernel branch must update Aug 21, 2016 21:03 GMT  ·  By Marius Nestor  ·  Share:  Linux kernel developer and maintainer of several kernel branches, Greg Kroah-Hartman, announced the release of the second maintenance update for the Linux kernel 4.7 series. The open source ecosystem advances at a speed that's quite amazing. Linux kernel 4.7.2 is here only four days after the release of the first maintenance update, namely Linux kernel 4.7.1, and it a big one, changing a total of 192 files, with 2086 insertions and 1108 deletions, at least according with the appended shortlog and the diff from the previous point release. "I'm announcing the release of the 4.7.2 kernel. All users of the 4.7 kernel series must upgrade," said Greg Kroah-Hartman. "The updated 4.7.y git tree can be found at: git://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-stable.git linux-4.7.y and can be browsed at the normal kernel.org git web browser: http://git.kernel.org/?p=linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-stable.git;a=summary." Here's what's new in Linux kernel 4.7.2 As mentioned before, the changes are big, and they include numerous improvements to the ARM64 (AArch64), ARM, ARC, MIPS, s390, x86, and PowerPC (PPC), as well as multiple updated drivers, in particular for AMDGPU, ACPI, BCMA, Bluetooth, GPIO, CLK, CPUFreq, EDAC, Intel i915, Nouveau, Radeon, Rockchip, I2C, InfiniBand, IOMMU, MD, MFD, iwlwifi, PHY, PINCTRL, SCSI, SPI, TTY, USB, and Virtio. Additionally, Linux kernel 4.7.2 comes with improved filesystem support, which includes changes for Btrfs, CIFS, JBD2, NFS, OverlayFS, and XFS. Lastly, some core kernel, mm, core networking, and sound stack enhancements are also present. Linux kernel 4.7.2 is available for download right now via our website or directly from kernel.org, so please update as soon as possible. #Linux kernel 4.7.2#Linux 4.7.2#AMDGPU#ARM64#Linux subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news New BlackArch Linux ISO Lands with over 1,500 Penetration Testing, Hacking Tools Wine 1.9.17 Improves Joystick Support, Gun Metal and Multiple DirectX9 Games SlackEX Linux Live Now Powered by Linux Kernel 4.7.1, Based on Slackware 14.2 Valve Pushes New Stable Steam Client with Lots of Steam Controller Improvements Donald Trump, Tim Cook Discuss Building iPhones in the United States iPhone 8 to Feature Traditional Wireless Charging like the Samsung Galaxy S7 Lenovo Builds a New Microsoft Surface Clone and It Looks Fabulous Anonymous Hackers Want McAfee to Be Trump’s Security Adviser, Call for March HTC Desire 650 Announced, a Low Mid-End Smartphone for the Masses Glossy Black Galaxy S7 edge Leaks in Live Pictures Download Windows 10 64-bit Drivers for Acer’s Aspire TC-710 Desktop Model Intel Rolls Out Several New BIOS Versions for Its NUC Kits and Compute Sticks    Linux kernel 4.7.2 released New Linux Apps Vendetta Online: A MMORPG (Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game) that takes place in space Ruby: An object-oriented programming language for GNU/Linux and UNIX-like operating systems Opera: Surf the Internet in a safer, faster and easier way with the Opera browser for Linux Google Chrome: The powerful, lightweight and easy-to-use web browser developed by the well known Google company Doomsday Engine: An Open Source 3D-graphics enhanced game engine for Doom, Heretic, and Hexen games GNOME Software: A free project that provides a Software Center app of the GNOME desktop environment GNOME Music: Listen to music, upload music and share audio files across devices with this GNOME app Reader comments Load old comments   Total War: WARHAMMER Out Now for Linux and SteamOS, Ported by Feral Interactive more on: Total War: WARHAMMER i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Skip to content Menu Skip to content Home Forum libgdx Games About libGDX 1.9.4 released Posted on August 21, 2016 August 21, 2016 by Mario libGDX 1.9.4 Summer’s almost over, time for a release! Here’s what’s new (plus a ton of bug fixes, see the commit logs on GitHub. 
[1.9.4]
- Moved snapping from ProgressBar to Slider to prevent snapping when setting the value programmatically.
- Bullet: added btSoftBody#getLinkCount() and btSoftBody#getLink(int), see https://github.com/libgdx/libgdx/issues/4152
- API Change: Wrapping for scene2d's HorizontalGroup and VerticalGroup.
- Fix hiero problem with certain unicode characters. See https://github.com/libgdx/libgdx/issues/4202
- Switched to RoboVM fork 2.2.0, fixes incompatibility with Android Gradle plugin and iOS 9.3.4
 Please update your projects as usual. If you use MobiDevelop’s RoboVM fork make sure to update your Eclipse/IntelliJ IDEA/Android Studio plugin. It works with iOS 10 devices, but does not work with the Xcode 8 beta just yet. In other news, Multi-OS Engine has been open-sourced by Intel. It’s now being maintained by its originator, Migeran, who previously sold the IP to Intel. We will update to the OSS version in the coming week(s) and do another release. Happy coding, The libGDX team Categorized in: Uncategorized Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name Email Website Post navigation ← Kek or how I’ll waste my free time going forward Decode by Scott Smith Cross Search Archives August 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010
null
To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. Ecumenical News ecunews.com Home U.S. world Church Culture Belief Humanitarian Analysis Lifestyle Korean Peninsula Fighting Fake News Iranian Bahá'ís Middle East Christians Venezuela Impasse Climate Change Nov 23, 2016, Updated at 15:36 PM EST Home Lifestyle Microsoft Surface Pro 5 release date, specs rumors: Device to be released next year, to come with a rechargeable Surface Pen Vincent Alocada |Monday, August 22 2016 Like Us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it (Microsoft Official)Shown in the picture is Microsoft Surface Pro 4. According to rumors, the Microsoft Surface Pro 5 will be released in spring next year. Contrary to earlier speculations, it is said that Microsoft Surface Pro 5 will not be released this year and will come out in spring next year. Speculations on Microsoft Surface 5 not getting released this year stemmed from the leaked photos of the placeholders of the variants of the Surface with labels "2016," "2017," and "coming soon." While it is true that there is a possibility for Microsoft to make an announcement of one Surface product in October, it is unlikely to be the Microsoft Surface Pro 5 as its predecessor was only released in the same month last year. However, there are also other reports claiming that it is unlikely for Microsoft to release any hardware this year as it wants the release of its products to coincide with the second part of the big Windows 10 update in early next year, otherwise known as the Redstone 2. There are also allegations that Microsoft is still waiting for the arrival of Intel's Kaby Lake processor, which is rumored to be packed in the upcoming various Surface products. Meanwhile, apart from being rumored to be released in spring next year, the Microsoft Surface Pro 5 is also believed to come with an upgraded Surface Pen. While it's true that the Microsoft Surface Pro 4 already comes with the Surface Pen, it is alleged that the upgraded version will come with a rechargeable battery that automatically charges wirelessly when it is attached magnetically to the device. There are also rumors claiming that Microsoft Surface Pro 5 will come with a 2K resolution screen, although there will be a variant that will offer a 4K resolution. It is also suspected that Microsoft Surface Pro 5 will come with a USB-C port that will be used for charging the device. Interesting as the specs and features of the Microsoft Surface Pro 5 may be, they are nothing but rumors and speculations at this point in time and can only be confirmed once the device is launched. Copyright © 2016 Ecumenical News Like Us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it RECOMMENDED Ukrainian conflict East Europe's worst crisis since World War 2, says archbishop S. African priest who resisted witchcraft on path to Catholic sainthood First black presiding bishop installed at Episcopal Church USA Churches unite in call for United States to confront racism Pentecostal Church in Chile celebrates Christian unity at ecumenical service News from Lifestyle Xbox Project Scorpio release date, specs news: New console to support 4K resolution iPad Mini 5 rumors: Device to assume iPad Pro Mini name? 'Qualcomm Quick Charge 4' latest news: 5 minutes of charging for 5 hours of battery life is Qualcomm's new feature Samsung Galaxy S8 release date, specs, latest news: New smartphone will come with two variants Apple iPhone 8 2017 release date, specs news: Upcoming iPhone believed to have a better camera Most Popular FAO and Vatican denounce illegal fishing and forced labor on the high seas Western marriage laws clash with 'moral human nature,' says Russian Orthodox Patriarch It's wrong to say ISIS has nothing to do with Islam, says Archbishop of Canterbury Full text: Justin Welby's address on Europe's future and dealing with religious extremism International church leaders call for reopening of North Korea industrial zone UN condemns Iran's harassment of its religious monitories, particularly Bahá'ís Google and Facebook fake news scandal during US election also entangled Pope Francis Tweets by @EcumenicalNews Ecumenical News ©2016 All rights resesrved About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms of Service Privacy Policy X
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Black Friday Deals Blu-ray Players DVRs and Media players Gadgets Headphones Portable Audio Projectors More Surround Sound Systems TVs Trending: Black Friday Deals Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Gadget News / CES 2017 Preview: News, rumours, key dates and what to expect in Las Vegas CES 2017 Preview: News, rumours, key dates and what to expect in Las Vegas by Sean Keach 02 November 2016 0 shares Read Comments What would you like to see from CES 2017? CES 2017 is arguably the biggest event in the tech calendar, and it's only two months away. Read on for all the latest CES 2017 news, rumours, key dates, and more. What is CES? One of the biggest technology tradeshows in the world, the Consumer Electronics Show (or CES, for short), takes place in Las Vegas every January. The show sees big-name firms like Samsung, LG and Ford flock to the city to flaunt their latest wares, and CES 2017 will be no different. Media registration for the event has already begun. Here's how the organisers reckon it'll make you feel: "The moment you find what you didn't know you were looking for, when you feel like you might have found the next unicorn, when your eyes and your brain stare blankly at each other and the only thing your mouth can muster is 'whoa'." Right... When is CES 2017? CES always takes place every January. For 2017, it's on 5-8 January. But you can guarantee that some of the bigger companies will show off their new goodies in the days leading up the show, typically at dedicated press conferences. TrustedReviews' Editor Evan Kypreos got a sneak peek at CES 2017 when he went to CES Unveiled in Paris. Here are some of the innovative products he saw there. Buddy: The Family Companion Robot If Jonny 5 taught us anything, it’s that robots can have feelings but more importantly that they can be cute. None are cuter than Buddy and its kawaii features. It pootles around your home checking for intruders, and can manage your smart home products, remind you of important events, play music and even call the fire brigade if it senses a fire. Jooki Bluetooth Speaker Bluetooth speakers are ten-a-penny but Jooki is a little different. For a start it's also a Wi-Fi enabled which means it can work like a Sonos or other streaming speaker. It's also different because it's aimed at children. It combines Amiibo-like toys with playlists so kids can decide what to listen to simply by placing the right toy on top of the splash-proof Jooki. You can even record your own voice reading out stories so your kid can listen to your voice when you’re travelling abroad. CT Band If you’re a bit of a watch fiend then the idea of dumping your favourite Rolex for a fitness band or Apple Watch Series 2 will freak you out. The CT Band attempts to give you the best of both worlds by providing fitness tracking capabilities and a small LED screen in the strap instead. Still in its prototype stage, the CT Band looks a little chunky, and I’m not convinced a screen that small is useful or needed, but getting fitness tracking capabilities using any watch face is a great idea. Rool’in This is one of the smartest ways I’ve seen a traditional push bike transformed into an electric bike. All you do is attach the wheel to your bike and the small communication to your pedal and off you go. The Rool’in is available to buy now in three sizes but one that can be charged by the sun as you pedal is also in the works. What else to expect from CES 2017 Unfortunately, because it’s still early days, very few of the major companies have announced their press events, and the organisers of CES are still keeping a lid on the show schedule. That said, it’s guaranteed that almost every major tech firm you’ve heard of will be in attendance, except for Apple – tradeshows aren’t its thing. CES is a little different than most other tradeshows, however, in that it falls straight after Christmas. That means most companies will have already announced their flagship products several months prior to the holiday season. Generally, this results in CES being a hotbed of spin-off devices (think LG G Flex) and concept products (like Razer’s Project Christine). What to expect at CES 2017 Unfortunately, most companies are keeping their announcements close to their chests. But here's what we know so far: Nvidia at CES 2017 Nvidia has teased its announcement line-up for CES 2017, and it’s got everyone excited. It turns out that CEO Jen-Hsun Huang will be helming Nvidia’s first-ever keynote address at the CES technology tradeshow in Las Vegas this January. Nvidia has promised that he’ll be breaking news in “some of the areas” it’s focused on, including artificial intelligence, self-driving cars, virtual reality, and gaming. This announcement has launched speculation into what Nvidia might announce. Last year, Nvidia showed off DRIVE PX 2, the world’s first supercomputer for driverless cars. And the year before that, it ignited conspiracy theories by commissioning a crop circle in California – oh, and the launched the Tegra mobile processor too. Check out this year’s teaser video: So what might Nvidia actually announce? It’s hard to say, but we could see anything from new processors to a brand new GeForce graphics card to improvements in deep learning AI technology to a new accelerator for self-driving cars. There’s even a chance we could see a new device to follow on from the Shield hand-held console. Perhaps the most exciting possibility would be details on the new Volta GPU architecture, the sixth-generation technology that’s set to follow Pascal (launched 2016). After all, rival AMD plans to show off its new Zen ‘Summit Ridge’ CPUs at the show, and has been heavily teasing its next-gem Vega graphics cards. What happened last year? Here’s what we saw from some of the big companies last time at CES 2016: Acer: Aspire Switch 12 S | Liquid Jade Primo (Windows 10 Phone) | Iconia One 8 tablet | 11.6-inch Chromebook 11 BlackBerry: QNX automated driving software announcements Blu-ray Disc Association: Announced Ultra HD 4K Blu-ray Fitbit: Fitbit Blaze Ford: News on Ford Smart Mobility plan (driverless car technology) Garmin: Fenix watch redesign | Garmin Drive sat nav updates | Varia Vision HUD Hisense: 22 televisions, including 4K and HDR models HTC: Second-gen dev kit for HTC Vive | UA HealthBox fitness kit HP: Updated Spectre X360 Huawei: Huawei Mate 8 launch details | New Huawei Watch editions | Huawei MediaPad M2 tablet Intel: RealSense camera update | Start-up tech showcase Lenovo: Yoga 900S | ThinkPad X1 updates LG: LG Signature range (TVs, washers, fridges) | New Super UHD TVs | New soundbars (SH8/SH7/SH6) Nvidia: ‘Supercomputer’ for driverless cars | In-car artificial intelligence Panasonic: New cameras (TZ family) | DMP-UB900 UHD Blu-ray player Qualcomm: Showcased automotive tech | SD820 launch details Razer: Razer Blade Stealth Ultrabook and Razer Core desktop graphics hub Samsung: New SUHD TVs | Luxury Gear S2 Classic | Galaxy TabPro S Windows 10 2-in-1 | New sounder (HW-K950) | Samsung Family Hub fridge Sony: New action camera (HDR-AS50R) | XD93 TV | PS-HX500 Hi-Res Audio turntable | New speakers, headphones, and AV players UHD Alliance: Announced specifications for Ultra HD Premium certification Volkswagen: Electric van concept | E-Golf Touch new-gem infotainment system with gesture control Related: Best 4K TV 2016 Watch The Refresh: The best tech gossip and reviews every week What would you like to see from CES 2017? Let us know in the comments. Latest Deals From Ebay Apple iPhone6s - 16GB - (Sprint) Silver/White - NEW IN BOX $480.00 View Item New iPhone 6s 16gb space gray unlocked Lot of 2 iPhones $977.99 View Item Apple iPhone 6/ iPhone 6S 4.7 Tech21 Evo Mesh - Clear / Gray $9.95 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice Prosecutors raid inspection unit controlled by former presidential aide English Cafe > Tech > Samsung Samsung ranks second in the most reputable tech firm in US   Published : 2016-08-21 16:01 Updated : 2016-08-21 16:58 [THE INVESTOR]  Samsung Electronics ranked second in a recent US survey of the most reputable technology companies, according to foreign media reports on Aug. 21.  Amazon, the US online retailer, nabbed the top spot.  The survey by Reputation Institute, a US management consulting firm, gave high remark to Samsung, the last year’s winner, for the new Galaxy S smartphones and its corporate social responsibility projects.  Intel Corp. ranked the third place, followed by VMWare and Toshiba.  Oracle, HP, Alphabet, Microsoft and IBM also made it into the top 10 list.   The survey measures a company’s ability to deliver on stakeholder expectation on the seven key rational dimensions of reputation such as products and services, innovation, workplace and governance, according to the Reputation Institute’s website. (theinvestor@heraldcorp.com) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. Prosecutors raid inspection ... 2. Viagra was for altitude sick... 3. Companies see net profit ri... 4. Terrorism deaths fall in 20... 5. Controversy over Samsung C&T... 6. Dutch prince encourages Kore... 7. SR offers free SRT tickets f... 8. Samsung seeks new growth in ... 9. North Korea’s unlikely vent... 10. State-run LX expands access ... 1. Anger at Park brings out mis... 2. Viagra was for altitude sick... 3. Justice minister, presidenti... 4. Park's actions warrant impea... 5. K-pop groups soar on Billboa... 6. North Korea’s unlikely vent... 7. Jang’s meddling 8. Controversy over Samsung C&T... 9. Recapping a month of Choi s... 10. Korean dramas escape to fant... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Lee Young-man | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
15 Must Read Articles Home Education News Entertainment Technology Ola Launched Its New Ola Play App Which is the first connected platform for Ridesharing Expectant Parents Will Soon Be Able To Watch Their Unborn Babies Grow in 3D VR Model AP Police Constable PET/PMT 2016 Admit Card Download @ recruitment.appolice.gov.in – Check Examination Schedule Here Google Maps New Upgraded Popular Times Feature Now Lets The User Know How Busy A Place Is in Real-time Instagram Stories is now Updated with Live Video Broadcasts and Disappearing Direct Messages Tizen-Powered Samsung Z2 Smartphone is Expected to Launch on 23rd August in India Gadgets, News, Technology August 22, 2016 Harjeet Tizen-Powered Samsung Z2 Smartphone: Samsung, a South Korean multinational conglomerate company is planning to launch the new Tizen-based Samsung Z2 smartphone in India on 23rd August with an expected price of Rs. 4,499. the Handset is said to be available in White and Black color options. The company over the weekend started sending media invites for an event on 23rd August 2016 where it is widely expected to launch this latest smartphone. check more details below. Tizen-Powered Samsung Z2 Smartphone is Expected to Launch on 23rd August in India Tizen-Powered Samsung Z2 Smartphone is Expected to Launch on 23rd August in India According to some sources, The New Tizen-powered Samsung Z2 smartphone is said to come with Jio Preview offer, In which the users of this new smartphone will get unlimited data, voice, and texting facility as well as unlimited access to Jio Apps Suite for 3 months. Rumors Specifications, The handset is expected to feature a 4-inch AMOLED display, there is no information provided about the resolution of the display. It will be powered by a quad-core processor, that is paired with 1GB of RAM. The Smartphone supports Dual-SIM and runs on new Tizen 3.0 Operating system out of the box. It is said to pack with an 8GB of internal Storage, that can be expandable later up to 32GB Via. Micro SD Card. The Handset is expected to pack with a 2,000 mAh battery with a design that looks very similar to the previous Tizen smartphone. In terms of connectivity options, the upcoming Tizen Handset will offer 4G LTE, 2G/3G, GPS/ A-GPS, Glonass, GPRS/ EDGE, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, and Micro-USB. The Samsung Z2 Tizen will be the fourth Samsung Tizen smartphone after Samsung Z1, Samsung Z, and Samsung Z3. Based on Linux, the Tizen has the backing of many organizations, especially Samsung and Intel. The Tizen-Powered Z2 smartphone will be launched in India, Bangladesh, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Indonesia, South Africa, Nigeria and Kenya first. Watch this space for more news and updates and Press CTRL+D to bookmark this page: FitNHit About Harjeet View all posts by Harjeet → Post navigation Satish Kumar Punjab Gau Raksha Dal Chief arrested for Buggery, abduction – Report Syndicate Bank SO Joining Schedule 2016 Released : Check @ www.syndicatebank.in Ola Launched Its New Ola Play App Which is the first connected platform for Ridesharing Expectant Parents Will Soon Be Able To Watch Their Unborn Babies Grow in 3D VR Model Google Maps New Upgraded Popular Times Feature Now Lets The User Know How Busy A Place Is in Real-time Instagram Stories is now Updated with Live Video Broadcasts and Disappearing Direct Messages Access Photo Gallery and Contacts on iPhone Without Passcode or Touch ID Fingerprint Recent Posts Ola Launched Its New Ola Play App Which is the first connected platform for Ridesharing Expectant Parents Will Soon Be Able To Watch Their Unborn Babies Grow in 3D VR Model AP Police Constable PET/PMT 2016 Admit Card Download @ recruitment.appolice.gov.in – Check Examination Schedule Here Google Maps New Upgraded Popular Times Feature Now Lets The User Know How Busy A Place Is in Real-time Instagram Stories is now Updated with Live Video Broadcasts and Disappearing Direct Messages Access Photo Gallery and Contacts on iPhone Without Passcode or Touch ID Fingerprint Facebook Examining New Feature That Helps You Find Out Nearest Free Wi-Fi UPPCL Assistant Accountant 2016 Official Answer Key Released @ uppcl.gov.in IBPS CWE PO/MT VI Mains Supplementary Exam Admit Card 2016 Download Link Activated @ ibps.in MP Vyapam Platoon Commander Admit Card 2016 Available To Download @ vyapam.nic.in NCERT Lower Division Clerk 2016 Admit Card Download Link Activated @ ncert.nic.in – Exam On December 4 UPPSC Civil Judge PCS J Prelims Exam Marks /Cut Off 2016 Available @ uppsc.up.nic.in .. Copyright © 2016 by FitnHit.com.
null
Autos ☰ Home Features Email Newsletters Gear & Style Gadgets Apparel Grooming Health & Fitness Exercise Diet & Nutrition Stress & Sleep Relationships & Family Money & Career Productivity Career Advice Personal Finance Autos Industry Insights The Best Drives & Reviews Concepts & Rumors Luxury Hybrids & EVs Motorcycles Sports NFL NBA MLB NCAA Other Sports Entertainment Movies TV Gaming Music Books Culture States & Cities Food & Drink Travel More About Us Archive Jobs Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ Home / Auto News / How Self-Driving Cars Could Shake the Supply Chain Micah Wright More Articles August 22, 2016 Facebook Twitter Linkedin Googleplus Stumbleupon Reddit Rinspeed Etos | Source: Rinspeed We’ve come to a crossroads, ladies and gents; the automotive landscape is on the verge of becoming more of a robotic monster than ever before. But despite all of man’s technological advancements and autonomous inclinations, not everything is right in this carbon-clad future: A recent report from Bloomberg illustrates that self-driving cars and the electronics that go into them are making or breaking auto suppliers. According to the business-oriented publication, “the auto industry’s self-driving revolution has spurred the biggest two years of car-supplier takeovers in a decade,” with further acquisitions on the horizon as many parts makers struggle to keep up with tech demands. To put this shift into perspective, note that the value of automotive-supplier deals in 2015 and 2016 alone was around $74.4 billion; Bloomberg’s data shows that this easily dwarfed the $17.7 billion annual average seen in the previous 10 years. Rinspeed Tesla | Source: Rinspeed While all of this looks great for tech startups and established electronics suppliers, as the total number of acquisitions valued at over $500 million came to 18 last year — triple the level from the previous decade — trouble brews at the bottom. In 2016 alone, there have already been 11 of these major deals, meaning monolithic consolidation is squeezing out smaller businesses at an alarming rate as the urgency to keep up with an increasingly autonomous future becomes more frantic. The suppliers of tomorrow need interdisciplinary tech expertise today if they want to survive, which means providing the sensors, cameras, radar systems, and computers that make self-driving commuter cars a reality. Competition is fierce in this segment too, with many parts manufacturers offering cheaper components and software patches due to engineering advancements and outsourcing, all while economic uncertainty continues to keep share prices at increasingly lower levels. Christian Kames, Citigroup’s head of investment banking for Germany, Austria, and Switzerland, and the global co-head of automotive, elaborates: “The focus areas are electronics, communications, and software. In the past, most suppliers didn’t really have that kind of technology, but they now know they need to have it to set the industry standards for the future.” Google self-driving car | Source: Noah Berger/AFP/Getty Images This leads us to the next major topic of takeovers. As infotainment goes from being a passive touchscreen designed for listening to music and getting directions to a control panel that keeps the driver in touch with the car, a new breed of programmer is emerging. As Bloomberg illustrates, for many smaller startups, this particular sector is quite attractive since thus far it hasn’t been flagged by competition regulators. Autonomous tech specialist Delphi Automotive is a prime example; just look at Delphi’s coast-to-coast autonomous drive last year. Meanwhile, major players like ZF Friedrichshafen AG, Continental AG, and Robert Bosch surprisingly have very little prior exposure to infotainment, a fact that’s about to change after a recent slew of deals left ZF with a 40% stake in radar supplier Ibeo Automotive Systems. It’s nothing that we didn’t expect to see eventually, just further proof that big businesses are buddying-up with any and all tech automotive firms that exhibit self-driving creativity. Budii interior | Source: Rinspeed But gobbling up smaller startups and buying stakes in large tech firms aren’t the only moves being made by the multi-billion dollar industry giants. In South Korea, Samsung is rumored to be in talks with Fiat Chrysler in order to buy some or all of auto-parts maker Magneti Marelli, a deal that could top out at $3 billion when the tire smoke clears. This would mark Samsung’s first automotive purchase and, based upon the company’s continued success in global markets, could prove to be a major power move for the tech-focused firm. “If you don’t buy now, and boost your capabilities for autonomous driving and for connected cars, there’s no second chance, because the others will,” says Dietmar Ostermann, director of automotive practices at PWC, and a specialist who conducts annual studies on supplier deals. While transactions involving the acquisition of powertrain and chassis manufacturers still remains the most common move, Ostermann says that electronics-related procurements are easily the fastest growing segment. Mobileye display | Source: Mobileye Axel Hoefer, a managing director at Goldman Sachs in Frankfurt, weighed in with the point that the shift toward electric vehicles will also continue to drive deals, especially with stricter government regulations prompting automakers to one-up one another. Volkswagen expects that as much as 25% of its global sales will be battery-powered by 2025. Regarding the rolls of traditional suppliers and the chain that has stood in place for decades, Hoefer says that many of these companies are having a tough time adjusting to the rapidly transforming automotive landscape. “A gradual shift is fine,” he explains, “But if it’s a steep change, that will put lots of people under pressure.” Nowhere is this issue more apparent than in China, where companies like Ningbo Joyson Electronic Corp., a crucial supplier for several of the world’s largest automakers, agreed in February to buy U.S. airbag maker Key Safety Systems for $920 million. Being a pivotal player behind many of these recent purchases, Hoefer sums it up simply and effectively. “The targets for my clients sit in Silicon Valley,” he says, “while the buyers for my clients are in China.” JLR self-driving technology | Source: Land Rover Continental, Europe’s second largest automotive parts supplier, bought Elektrobit Oyj’s automotive-software division for $665 million last year, and now claims that orders for self-driving systems leapt 50%, marking it as the brand’s fastest-growing division. “If you think back five years ago, nobody knew such products would exist,” says Continental Chief Financial Officer Wolfgang Schaefer in an interview, who isn’t the only German getting in on this action. BMW is also pushing full steam ahead, as it teams up with computer chip specialist Intel and camera-software powerhouse Mobileye to meet a 2021 self-driving deadline that is being matched by companies like Volvo and, more recently, Ford. Meanwhile, Uber is tirelessly testing autonomous vehicles in Pittsburgh, as lofty profit projections for shared vehicles spurn on interest, making it the world’s most valuable startup, with a $62 billion price tag currently attached to it. The mass production of headliners, rear differentials, and door jams won’t ever go away though, because in order to make a vehicle, automakers must always have parts on hand in order to complete an assembly line sweep. It’s just that the tech side of the equation is growing so much more rapidly than previously predicted, and any supplier that has issue keeping up with the times stands a strong chance of getting gobbled up by big business or going belly-up. Electronic innovation and hands-free driving experiences are rapidly replacing horsepower numbers and stamped steel sales pitches, and that creates both an opportunity and an obstacle for automotive suppliers. Check out Autos Cheat Sheet on Facebook  More from Autos Cheat Sheet: Warning! 4 Dangers Lurking in a Hot Car 11 Features Missing From Some New Cars: Shouldn’t These Be Standard? 10 Things You Need to Know About the 1/2 Ton Nissan Titan 2016-08-22 14:00:40 Get Autos Newsletters Daily Cheat Sheet Gear & Style Autos Gadgets Sports NFL Entertainment Culture Money & Career Food & Drink Health & Fitness Friday Cheat Sheet © & ® 2015 The Cheat Sheet, All Rights Reserved. About Us Archive Jobs Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Close menu News Metro National Atlanta Chicago Detroit Memphis News One Newsroom International Archives Entertainment Business Lifestyle Community Bulletin Board Opinion Health Sport Youth People Classifieds Subscribe Subscribe to Print Edition Join NPC’s Email List Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2016 Copyright ©2016, Interactive One, LLC . All Rights Reserved - Interactive One Affluent. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News Metro National Atlanta Chicago Detroit Memphis News One Newsroom International Archives Entertainment Business Lifestyle Community Bulletin Board Opinion Health Sport Youth People Classifieds Subscribe Subscribe to Print Edition Join NPC’s Email List Business Home > Business Sign of times: Tech upheaval triggers job cuts Posted 3 months ago. The Associated Press Leave a comment 35 reads In this April 2, 2014 file photo, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella gestures during the keynote address of the Build Conference in San Francisco.  (AP Photo/Eric Risberg, File) Cisco Systems’ plans to lay off 5,500 workers mirror recent cutbacks at other major technology companies that have been trimming their payrolls as they try to adapt to shifting market conditions undercutting their businesses. Here’s a look at other recent payroll purges in the industry: __ Software maker Microsoft has disclosed about 12,000 layoffs since last year as it has scaled back its troubled smartphone division. __ Silicon Valley pioneer Hewlett-Packard announced plans to cut more than 80,000 jobs along the way to breaking up its business into two companies last year, HP Inc. and HP Enterprise. Since then, HP Enterprise has announced plans to sell a business-services division with nearly 100,000 employees. __ Computer chip maker Intel is jettisoning 12,000 jobs, or 11 percent of its workforce, to help offset an ongoing slump in personal computer sales that has reduced demand for its processers.     Also On New Pittsburgh Courier: Red Carpet Rundown: 2016 Oscars 22 photos Launch gallery Red Carpet Rundown: 2016 Oscars 1. Chris Rock 1 of 22 2. Chrissy Teigen and John Legend 2 of 22 3. Sylvester Stallone & His Wife 3 of 22 4. Pharrell Williams 4 of 22 5. Kerry Washington 5 of 22 6. Rachel McAdams and Michael B. Jordan 6 of 22 7. Mindy Kaling 7 of 22 8. Andra Day 8 of 22 9. The Weeknd 9 of 22 10. Kevin Hart (R) with fiancee Eniko Parrish 10 of 22 11. Common 11 of 22 12. Priyanka Chopra 12 of 22 13. Lady Gaga 13 of 22 14. Whoopi Goldberg 14 of 22 15. Sofia Vergara 15 of 22 16. Dorith Mous 16 of 22 17. Robin Roberts 17 of 22 18. Leonardo DiCaprio 18 of 22 19. Brie Larson 19 of 22 20. Charlize Theron 20 of 22 21. Olivia Wilde 21 of 22 22. Jennifer Lawrence 22 of 22 Skip ad Continue reading Sign of times: Tech upheaval triggers job cuts Red Carpet Rundown: 2016 Oscars comments – Add Yours Your browser does not support iframes. × Like What You See? Sign Up for New Pittsburgh Courier's email newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription. Email Submit Don't show this to me again Not now Get It On Your Doorstep Most Popular Colin Powell slams Trump, endorses Clinton 2016 Women of Excellence list unveiled The life and achievements of Martin Luther King Jr. Former pro baseball player Omar Washington training Black youth for the big leagues Erasing juvenile records…Duquesne Law School and Housing Authority win expungement grant Passionate, proud Franklin named first permanent Black head football coach at Penn State Get Informed! Close Subscribe to our Newsletter! Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription. Email Submit Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2016 Copyright ©2016, Interactive One, LLC . All Rights Reserved - Interactive One Affluent. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ BTW Microsoft Artificial Intelligence Microsoft is buying another AI startup. This one automatically schedules meetings. The company is buying Genee and shutting down the service. by Ina Fried Aug 22, 2016, 11:25am EDT tweet share Linkedin The buying spree of machine intelligence startups continues, with Microsoft announcing Monday that it is acquiring automated calendaring service Genee. Genee, which launched in 2014, uses artificial intelligence to help automatically schedule meetings based on the participants’ schedules. Microsoft plans to shut down Genee’s existing service as of Sept. 1 and was vague on just how the technology will be incorporated into Office and Office 365, though scheduling meetings seems a natural fit for Outlook. The move is at least the third time this month that a big-name tech company has bought an AI startup. Intel is paying $400 million to buy Nervana Systems and Apple quietly scooped up Seattle-based Turi. recode_divider More From Recode Donald Trump told Tim Cook that Apple is going to ‘build a big plant’ in the U.S. Post-election ‘terror and hysteria’ over Trump is not justified, says Observer editor Ken Kurson Recode Daily: Facebook built a censorship tool that could help it get back into China Can the journalists who work for Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner still cover the White House fairly? A credit card hack at MSG gives Knicks fans another reason to despise owner Jim Dolan Twitter reminds everyone it won’t cooperate with government or police surveillance Trending Black Friday isn’t dead. It’s just irrelevant. The marketing genius behind Snap’s new Spectacles More in Trending This Article has a component height of 4. The sidebar size is short. The Latest Apple Politics President Trump Donald Trump told Tim Cook that Apple is going to ‘build a big plant’ in the U.S. by Peter Kafka “I think you’re going to do it.” Podcasts Politics Recode Media with Peter Kafka Post-election ‘terror and hysteria’ over Trump is not justified, says Observer editor Ken Kurson by Eric Johnson@HeyHeyESJ Kurson says he’s proud to have voted for Donald Trump, and to work for his son-in-law, Observer publisher Jared Kushner. Recode Daily Recode Daily: Facebook built a censorship tool that could help it get back into China by John Murrell The tool can block posts from appearing in News Feeds based on location. Podcasts Media Politics Can the journalists who work for Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner still cover the White House fairly? by Eric Johnson@HeyHeyESJ Yes, says one of the few people who might know: Observer Editor in Chief Ken Kurson. Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
CLOSE Home News Downloads Download Past Issues Read on Issuu Read on Google Play Read on Magzter Download Podcasts Special Editions FCM Wiki Page Table of Contents Writers Style Guide Wednesday, November 23, 2016 Home News Downloads Download Past Issues Read on Issuu Read on Google Play Read on Magzter Download Podcasts Special Editions FCM Wiki Page Table of Contents Writers Style Guide Trending Now KDE Plasma 5.8.4 LTS Desktop Environment Released for Linux with More Bug Fixes Fedora 25 Released With Wayland, GNOME 3.22, And Kernel 4.8 New IoT botnet behind fake Instagram, Twitter and YouTube profiles Escuelas Linux 5.0 “Berserker” Is Based on Bodhi Linux 4.0.0 and Ubuntu 16.04 Linux Kernel 4.4.33 LTS Introduces Minor MIPS and Btrfs Fixes, Updated Drivers Home news Linux Kernel 4.7.2 Is a Big Update with Numerous AMDGPU and ARM64... news Linux Kernel 4.7.2 Is a Big Update with Numerous AMDGPU and ARM64 Improvements By rascal23 - Aug 22, 2016 1604 0 Linux kernel developer and maintainer of several kernel branches, Greg Kroah-Hartman, announced the release of the second maintenance update for the Linux kernel 4.7 series. The open source ecosystem advances at a speed that’s quite amazing. Linux kernel 4.7.2 is here only four days after the release of the first maintenance update, namely Linux kernel 4.7.1, and it a big one, changing a total of 192 files, with 2086 insertions and 1108 deletions, at least according with the appended shortlog and the diff from the previous point release. As mentioned before, the changes are big, and they include numerous improvements to the ARM64 (AArch64), ARM, ARC, MIPS, s390, x86, and PowerPC (PPC), as well as multiple updated drivers, in particular for AMDGPU, ACPI, BCMA, Bluetooth, GPIO, CLK, CPUFreq, EDAC, Intel i915, Nouveau, Radeon, Rockchip, I2C, InfiniBand, IOMMU, MD, MFD, iwlwifi, PHY, PINCTRL, SCSI, SPI, TTY, USB, and Virtio. Source: http://news.softpedia.com/news/linux-kernel-4-7-2-is-a-big-update-with-numerous-amdgpu-and-arm64-improvements-507504.shtml Submitted by: Arnfried Walbrecht Previous articleNew Trojan Turns Linux Devices into Botnet Next articleLinux Mint 18 KDE Beta released rascal23 RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR KDE Plasma 5.8.4 LTS Desktop Environment Released for Linux with More Bug Fixes Fedora 25 Released With Wayland, GNOME 3.22, And Kernel 4.8 New IoT botnet behind fake Instagram, Twitter and YouTube profiles NO COMMENTS Comments are closed.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 How Microsoft built a computer so good, even Apple wanted to copy it Matt Weinberger Aug. 21, 2016, 8:30 AM 110,969 facebook linkedin twitter email print Microsoft Corporate VP of Devices Panos Panay.Matt Weinberger/Business Insider On May 20, 2014, Satya Nadella — the recently appointed CEO of Microsoft — sat down next to Microsoft Surface boss Panos Panay in a packed New York City auditorium. They were there to launch the Surface Pro 3, the newest version of Microsoft's tablet. "This is a big day," Nadella told Panay. "Let's get it right." The pressure was on: The first generation of Surface tablets had performed so badly in the market, Microsoft had to take a $900 million write-down for unsold inventory in 2013. The second Surface hadn't fared much better. Nadella had told Panay that the third version had to be right: "We need to make hardware that gives us permission to be in hardware."  'We need to make hardware that gives us permission to be in hardware.' — Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella  Panay knew what he was up against, but he was confident they were going to get it right on the third try. "You have a vision. You have a whole vision. It's never one generation that's going to get you there," Panay tells Business Insider. Now Microsoft has won a reputation as the trendsetter in tablets, with companies like Dell and HP following suit. And when Apple announced the iPad Pro in late 2015, the whole world couldn't help but notice that, with its keyboard cover and big screen, it looked a lot like the Microsoft Surface Pro 4. Last year also saw the launch of the Microsoft Surface Book, the company's very first actual laptop, to positive reviews, with Wired calling it "the most exciting Windows laptop in years."  Microsoft? A hardware company? Indeed, there's a little bit of a hardware renaissance going on in Redmond, with a brand-new and gorgeous Xbox One S, the Surface Hub mega-tablet, and the Microsoft HoloLens all showing promise. There are even positive signs that the category of computers created by the Surface and Surface Book are helping turn around the overall shrinkage of the PC market. But it almost didn't work out that way. Here's how the Microsoft Surface was created — and how it's dragging Microsoft itself into the next phase of computing. The first generation Surface was also sold as "Surface with Windows RT."Wikimedia Commons A showcase for Windows 8 Around 2009, Microsoft's Windows division, then led by Steven Sinofsky, had started work on Windows 8.  The Apple iPhone, released in 2007, had ushered in a new era of touchscreen-friendly computing, and Sinofsky's team was planning to push Windows into the future. The new operating system would forgo classic elements of the operating system, including the iconic Start menu that had been around since Windows 95 in 1995, in favor of a new so-called Metro interface, with big, colorful "tiles" that were easy to push with your finger.  The problem was, PC manufacturers of the day were pretty happy making the traditional laptop and desktop computers that they always had and were focused on building "netbooks," super-cheap Windows computers that offered a crummy user experience. Microsoft worried that nobody in the Windows PC world was going to make the perfect touchscreen Windows computer that would "usher us in to that new era in computing." Panay says. "We needed to ensure it would happen right." Steven Sinofsky and Panos Panay at the 2012 launch of the original Microsoft Surface.AP Images/Jason DeCrow At the time, Panay was in charge of Microsoft's hardware business, which at that point mostly meant computer mice and keyboards. But his team had more experience with ergonomics and manufacturing than most of the others at Microsoft, so in early 2010, Microsoft leadership told Panay to "go create something." The iPad had just come out. Tablets were a hot commodity. If consumers wanted tablets, Panay's team decided, Microsoft would make the best and most productive tablet in the world.  "How are people going to do what people wanted to do?" Panay says. "'Tablet' was the easy word at the time." Torturing the team to get the details right Panay is known as a guy who sweats the details: When the Surface launched in 2012, he bragged that the company had 200 parts custom-designed and manufactured specifically for the tablet.  Coming up with the Surface's unique form factor, with the kickstand in the back and the Type Cover keyboard case in the front, took a lot of work, including prototyping the tablet with cardboard and tape until they got the weight and feel just right.  "I tortured [my team] the whole way," Panay says. "We needed something iconic. You can't create an icon; an icon creates itself." Prototype parts for the original Microsoft Surface tablet, created just to give a sense for the aesthetics before it was packed full of electronics.Matt Weinberger/Business Insider The design of the Surface was supposed to make it disappear in your hands — the point of the Surface was to highlight Windows, after all, not to bring attention to itself. From the get-go all the way through today, the Surface project was designed to highlight "the best of Microsoft," he says. "I think people separate hardware and software too quickly," says Panay.  It also had to show PC manufacturers like HP and Dell that the world was ready for something that combined the best of the PC and the best of the tablet. Surface tension Former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer revealed the Surface to the world at an event in Los Angeles on June 18, 2012. That announcement also explained that the first Surface would run Windows RT — an offshoot of Windows 8 designed to run on the ARM-based processors used in most smartphones and tablets, including the iPhone and iPad at the time. Former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer at the launch of Windows 8. It eschewed traditional Windows elements like the Start button in favor of big, touch-friendly buttons.Wikimedia Commons Because Windows RT ran on ARM processors, the first Surface would offer longer battery life than a regular PC, more along the lines of an iPad. But there was a huge trade-off: It couldn't run traditional Windows software at all. It could only run preloaded Microsoft software like the special version of Office Microsoft created for RT and a very few apps available from the new Windows Store app market. When the first Surface launched to the public in October 2012 alongside Windows 8, Microsoft commemorated it with a webcast launch event that featured then-Windows chief Sinofsky riding a custom version of the Surface like a skateboard. (Sinofsky left Microsoft in November 2012.) Couldn't resist taking it out for a spin... #surface pic.twitter.com/Nzj2xj6T — Steven Sinofsky (@stevesi) October 16, 2012 In February 2013, Microsoft followed the first Surface up with the Surface Pro.  Where the Surface was more like a tablet with an optional keyboard, the Pro had the guts of a laptop. It looked a lot like the regular Surface, but sported a higher-resolution screen, a Surface Pen stylus for touch input, and, most importantly, a full version of Windows 8.  Steve Kovach/Business Insider Despite some early excitement and some positive reviews, the first-generation Surface devices would turn out to be a huge disappointment for Microsoft.  The ARM-based Surface compared favorably with the iPad on battery life but got slammed because Windows RT couldn't run the apps that people actually wanted. The Surface Pro fared better with its full Windows 8 installation but offered lousier battery life and performance than a regular laptop. Plus, both devices were only originally offered at Microsoft's retail stores, limiting availability. In March 2013, Bloomberg reported that Microsoft had sold only around 1.5 million Surface devices, 400,000 of which were Surface Pros. That was well short of the company's expectation that it would sell 2 million Surfaces in the last quarter of 2012 alone. In July 2013, Microsoft took a $900 million write-down on the Surface business, mostly related to unsold inventory of the original ARM-based Surface devices. Despite the warning signs, Microsoft stayed the course. In late 2013, Microsoft announced a Surface 2 and Surface Pro 2, with better battery life and performance. But sales didn't improve much, perhaps because Windows 8 itself wasn't much liked.  "We needed better battery life. We needed better performance for people," Panay now reflects. That's the Surface situation that Satya Nadella inherited when he took over as Microsoft CEO in 2014.  All one team Behind the scenes, one of the first things Nadella did was start to upgrade Microsoft's culture. Microsoft in the 2000s functioned like a group of warring fiefdoms — loosely related product groups fighting for supremacy. Previous CEO Steve Ballmer had started unifying the company under one banner, as one team, but left Microsoft before those changes fully took hold. Nadella made it one of his top priorities to continue that transition. So while the Surface business had been floundering, Nadella saw opportunity. When Nadella took over Microsoft, they had already started working on Windows 10, the successor to Windows 8, designed to better toe the line between the desktop Windows of old and the touchscreen future. To prepare for that future, Microsoft still needed a computer that showed off its best features, the combination of touch screen and traditional Windows laptop. "It's part of the growth story for Windows and for Microsoft," Panay says.Left to right: Microsoft CVP Panos Panay, former Nokia CEO Stephen Elop, and Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella at the 2014 launch of the Surface Pro 3.AP Photo/Mark Lennihan So Nadella and Panay started bringing the rest of the company into the process of designing the Surface Pro 3 — a process that continued into the Surface Pro 4 and Surface Book. The Skype team now advises the Surface on the camera and speakers, Panay says, and the OneNote team advises on the stylus features. Panay says that Microsoft doesn't even talk in terms of "software" or "hardware" anymore, just the products that they make. "Everybody's on the same boat — grab an oar, let's move forward," Panay says. Finding a focus: power users The Surface Pro 3 launched in June 2014 and looked similar to its forebearers. But in practice, it was thinner, lighter, and more responsive. Reviewers like Yahoo's David Pogue found it to be "an actual, fast, luxury laptop" in addition to a worthwhile tablet.  "It wasn't until [Surface] Pro 3 that we had crossed the chasm," Panay says. "We learned enough from our failures." While Microsoft doesn't report sales numbers, the Surface division posted its first profitable quarter in the quarter ended September 30, 2014, with revenue exceeding $1 billion just a quarter later.   Screenshot In the summer of 2015, Microsoft introduced a smaller Surface 3. But there was a big change: Instead of the now discontinued Windows RT, it ran full Windows 8.1, meaning it could run old apps and new. As Panay has said in interviews, that change came directly from customer frustration with Windows RT — the Surface was always pitched as a tablet that can replace your laptop, but Windows RT was way too limited for that. People wanted full Windows on Intel, so that's what they got. Plus, they got a better and more flexible kickstand and better battery life. Microsoft was finally delivering on the promise to deliver a tablet that could replace your laptop. The Microsoft Surface Pro 4, launched October 2015, still doesn't have a non-Pro counterpart Surface 4, with no indication that it's coming. To Panay, that's a natural evolution. Instead of supporting two operating systems, the whole Surface line is now on the most recent Windows 10. Instead of trying to serve consumers and businesses simultaneously, Microsoft is focusing on productivity — which includes the Surface Book's groundbreaking detachable tablet features. Melia Robinson/Business Insider "We've gone from complexity to opportunity," Panay says. The key, he says, is to never compromise on the people-pleasing aesthetics or features of the device to satisfy enterprises, because, "enterprises are made of people."  In July 2015, following the success of the Surface Pro 3 and the turnaround in the overall Surface business, Panay was placed in charge of Microsoft's overall hardware business. Every new Microsoft device, including the Xbox One S console, the Microsoft HoloLens, and the rumored next-generation Windows phone, have to pass through Panay's team. Meanwhile, the effects of the Surface's effect on the market are hard to miss. Microsoft is partnering with the likes of Dell and HP to sell more Surfaces, even as they build their own Surface-esque devices. IBM partnered up with Microsoft to push Surface in the workplace, too.  The Microsoft Surface Pro 4, left, with the Apple iPad Pro, right.Matt Weinberger/Business Insider It's not all sunshine and roses for Surface, though: Despite the fact that Surface was a $4.1 billion business last quarter, and despite the fact that the Microsoft Surface basically invented the market that Apple is now carving out for itself with the iPad Pro, Microsoft is still lagging behind Apple in so-called hybrid-tablet sales overall. "Do I get frustrated now and then? Sure," Panay says of seeing competitors like Apple copy Microsoft's inventions. But still, he says he's focused on the future, with more to come from Surface. Reports hold that Microsoft will be announcing updates to the Surface Book and a new Surface all-in-one desktop PC later this year.  "Want to light me up? Let me give people something new," Panay says. SEE ALSO: I'm not going back to Apple after using Windows 10 for a year NOW WATCH: A tiny camera that sticks to any solid surface takes the ultimate selfie Loading video... More: Panos Panay Microsoft Microsoft Surface facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru How Microsoft built a computer so good, even Apple wanted to copy it How Microsoft built a computer so good, even Apple wanted to copy it On May 20, 2014, Satya Nadella — the... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self NBA legend David Robinson: "Think about all the things your grandfather did with $100." Read Robinson's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Biz Break: Yelp shows off first profit, Twitter… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Thanksgiving hotlines Oakland vs. Las Vegas Ex-49er’s SJ mansion Surviving Black Friday STDs on the rise Holiday giving 2016: How you can help the needy Business Biz Break: Yelp shows off first profit, Twitter explodes higher Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Biz Break: Yelp shows off first profit, Twitter explodes higher By Jeremy C. Owens PUBLISHED: July 30, 2014 at 10:21 am | UPDATED: August 12, 2016 at 8:30 am Today:Yelp scores its first quarterly profits in another busy day for Silicon Valley earnings reports, and Twitter shoots higher after its World Cup score. The Lead: Yelp posts a profit, still sees growth ahead Yelp produced the first quarterly profit in corporate history in the spring and increased its forecasts for the full year as the online-reviews site continued to show off burgeoning popularity Wednesday. The San Francisco company reported net income of $2.7 million, or 4 cents a share, on sales of $88.8 million, representing a gain of 61 percent from the same period a year ago. The results easily beat Wall Street analysts’ expectations for the company of a loss of 3 cents per share on revenues of $86.3 million. Co-founder and CEO Jeremy Stoppelman celebrated the company’s ability to produce profits for the first time, but insisted his focus was on continued growth and investment. “While this is an important milestone, we still have a large local opportunity ahead of us,” he said in Wednesday’s announcement. Yelp managed to post such strong numbers through increased visitors, with monthly unique visitors to all of Yelp’s offerings growing 27 percent year-over-year to 138 million, and mobile users growing 51 percent and nearly equaling half of all visitors at 68 million. The businesses that those visitors are looking up or reviewing also jumped at the chance to advertise on Yelp, as active local business accounts neared 80,000 after year-over-year growth of 55 percent. The strong quarter led Yelp to increase its forecast for full-year revenues, with the company now expecting to generate sales of $372 million to $375 million in 2014 after posting a 2013 total of $233 million. Yelp stock jumped 8.8 percent to $75.60 in regular trading Wednesday, then topped $80 in late trading immediately following the results’ release, though prices soon calmed down and remained closer to the closing mark. Eleven other SV150 companies released their earnings reports Wednesday, with the largest profits and revenues belonging to Fremont chip company Lam Research. Lam, the 26th-largest tech company in Silicon Valley, reported net income of $233.4 million, or $1.35 a share, on sales of $1.25 billion, and shares dropped about 1.5 percent in late trading after closing at $67.89. Redwood City photo-services website Shutterfly lost $27.1 million in the second quarter, or 70 cents a share, on sales of $159.1 million, and shares moved about 1 percent higher after closing at $47.49. Ruckus Wireless earned $1.44 million, or 2 cents a share, on sales of $81 million, and its shares moved about 3.5 percent higher after closing with a 3 percent gain at $12.96. Rovi lost $2.6 million, or 3 cents a share, on sales of $137.1 million and saw little movement in late trading following a close at $23.71. Cavium announced the acquisition of fellow San Jose networking company Xpliant, which it had invested in, for about $90 million Wednesday, and showed off a quarterly net loss of $11 million, or 21 cents a share, on sales of $90.7 million. Sunnyvale flash-memory company Spansion seemed to be the day’s big post-earnings loser, dropping 13 percent after announcing losses of $12 million, or 20 cents a share, on sales of $314.7 million. Coherent reported profits of $13 million, or 52 cents a share, on sales of $196.5 million, and FormFactor lost $4.3 million, or 8 cents a share, on sales of $67.4 million. Equinix earned $10.1 million, or 22 cents a share, on revenues of $605.2 million, and the Redwood City data-center company moved about 1.5 percent higher after closing at $215.75. Nanometrics lost $588,000, or 2 cents a share, on sales of $48 million, and Silicon Image earned $1.1 million, or a penny a share, on sales of $59.5 million. SV150 market report: Twitter roars 20 percent higher Wall Street’s major indexes moved little Wednesday, after the federal government announced that economic growth in the second quarter experienced a large leap to 4 percent and the Federal Reserve gave no hints about when it would increase interest rates. Technology stocks did experience strong gains, though, as Twitter’s explosive post-earnings increase helped Silicon Valley tech stocks gain 0.7 percent on the day. Twitter shot 20 percent higher after showing off strong user growth and better than expected revenues in the same quarter that soccer fans turned to the social network to discuss the World Cup. Analysts tripped over themselves to increase price targets and cheer Twitter’s results, with Topeka Capital Markets analyst Victor Anthony writing that the results “should represent a breakout quarter for Twitter.” Despite the positive notes, analysts still doubted CEO Dick Costolo’s contention that the user gains were not a result of the World Cup, which would bolster bears’ case that the gains could be a one-time boost. Twitter moved as high as $48 Wednesday before closing at $46.30, its highest closing price since April Fools’ Day, and it acquired yet another small tech startup. Netflix jumped 2.4 percent to $434.36 after striking an interconnection deal with AT&T, similar to the Los Gatos video-on-demand company’s previous deals with Comcast and Verizon. Tesla Motors moved 1.7 percent higher to $228.92 a day ahead of its expected earnings report, as Morgan Stanley predicted Tesla could double its 2013 revenues with battery sales for solar power collection. Facebook couldn’t match rival Twitter’s gains, but the Menlo Park company gained 1.3 percent to $74.68 after ditching its e-commerce attempt dubbed Gifts. Sunnyvale’s Applied Micro began shipping server chips in a challenge to Intel, but investors punished its weak earnings report from Tuesday by sending shares down 9.9 percent to $8.71; Intel gained 0.5 percent to $34.35. Up: Twitter, Yelp, Workday, Splunk, GoPro, LinkedIn, VMware, Salesforce, Yahoo, Netflix, Tesla, Nvidia, NetApp, Facebook, Pandora Down: Adobe, Cisco, Apple, Zynga The SV150 index of Silicon Valley’s largest tech companies: Up 11.5, or 0.74 percent, to 1,575 The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index: Down 31.75, or 0.19 percent, to 16,880.36 The blue chip Dow Jones industrial average: Up 20.2, or 0.45 percent, to 4,462.9 And the widely watched Standard & Poor’s 500 index: Up 0.12, or 0.01 percent, to 1,970.07 Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com. Contact Jeremy C. Owens at 408-920-5876; follow him at Twitter.com/jowens510. Tags:  Business Columnists Commentary Economy Financial Markets Social Networks Technology Twitter Jeremy C. Owens Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Oakland school chief resigns to become D.C. schools chief; what now? San Jose: Man convicted of thrill-kill murder of Santa Teresa High classmate Luke Walton returns to Oracle in the midst of rejuvenating Lakers franchise Kawakami: Ronnie Lott, Oakland mayor square off against Raiders’ Las Vegas play San Jose eases rules to build granny units to increase housing stock San Jose homicide: Man killed by wife who later commits suicide, police say Baseball and tobacco: Another ballpark gets the heave-ho Ex-49er Vernon Davis selling San Jose mansion More in Technology Magid: Low-cost gifts for special people November 23, 2016, 10:53 am You don’t have to spend a lot of money to buy gifts that will make life easier — or more fun — for your friends and loved ones. Government wants phone makers to lock out most apps for drivers November 23, 2016, 7:54 am The government wants smartphone makers to lock out most apps when the phone is being used by someone driving a car. The voluntary guidelines unveiled Wednesday are designed to reduce crashes caused by drivers distracted by phones. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration also wants automakers to make infotainment systems easy to pair with smartphones. Dow sets new record as other indexes slip; tech stocks skid November 23, 2016, 11:10 am U.S. stocks are mostly lower Wednesday after setting records the last two days, but the Dow Jones industrial average continues to reach all-time highs. Technology stocks are lower after HP released a weak profit forecast, while strong results for Deere are lifting industrial companies. HP results show improving PC sales November 22, 2016, 4:09 pm HP reports better-than-expected sales and PC revenue shows signs of improving. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2016 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
