Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Intel Altera Arm Data Centre Intel is shipping an ARM-based FPGA. Repeat, Intel is shipping an ARM-based FPGA Nobody tell Linux, okay? 10 Oct 2016 at 23:46, Richard Chirgwin Richard Chirgwin Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics NBN, Privacy, Security , Science, Google Recent Articles BART barfs, racers crash, and other classic BSODs German regulators won't let Tesla use the name 'Autopilot' Instagram open sources iOS UI crash fix Intel's followed up on its acquisition of Altera by baking a microprocessor into a field-programmable gate array (FPGA). The Stratix 10 family is part of the company's push beyond its stagnating PC-and-servers homeland into emerging markets like high-performance computing and software-defined networking. Intel says the quad-core 64-bit ARM Cortex-A53 processor helps position the device for “high-end compute and data-intensive applications ranging from data centres, network infrastructure, cloud computing, and radar and imaging systems.” Compared to the Stratix V, Altera's current generation before the Chipzilla slurp, Intel says the Stratix 10 has five times the density and twice the performance; 70 per cent lower power consumption at equivalent performance; 10 Tflops (single precision); and 1 TBps memory bandwidth. The devices will be pitched at acceleration and high-performance networking kit. The Stratix 10 “Hyperflex architecture” uses bypassable registers – yes, they're called “Hyper-Registers”, which are associated with individual routing segments in the chip, and are available at the inputs of “all functional blocks” like adaptive logic modules (ALMs), embedded memory blocks, and digital signal processing (DSP) blocks. Designs can bypass individual Hyper-Registers, so design tools can automatically choose the best register location. Intel says this means “performance tuning does not require additional ALM resources … and does not require additional changes or added complexity to the design's place-and-route.” The company reckons the design also cuts down on on-chip routing congestion. There's more on the architecture in this white paper. Oh, and it's got an on-chip ARM core. Did we mention that? ® Sponsored: Transforming software delivery with DevOps Tips and corrections 30 Comments More from The Register Here's what an Intel Broadwell Xeon with a built-in FPGA looks like Pic Writing code is so 2013 – you wanna write some hardware instead 35 Comments Xeon Phight! Phight! Phight! Nvidia says Intel cheated benchmarks Xeon Phi vs. GPU comparison needs a level playing field 4 Comments Nvidia welcomes Intel into AI era: Fancy a benchmark deathmatch? HPC blog We love your deep learning benchmark 'mistakes' 6 Comments NooBaa wraps AWS S3 wool around Microsoft Azure Blob storage Upstart lets apps use on and off-prem storage in two shakes of a lamb's tail 2 Comments AMD patent filing hints at FPGA plans in the pipeline Plots response to Intel's Altera acquisition Microsoft boffins: Who needs Intel CPUs when you've got FPGAs? Bing searches get speed boost from Catapult integration 39 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Fire alarm sparked data centre meltdown emergency HPE and SimpliVity may be at church door Speaking in Tech: Let's make podcasting great again Weka.IO – a stealthy startup swimming against the tide Will the roulette ball fall for WANdisco's spiel? Speaking in Tech: Worst OpenStack summit ever? Windows Server 2016 persistent memory support supercharges storage IO Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 2 Companies Intel Corp. Should Target With Custom Foundry Efforts Intel should try to build graphics chips for NVIDIA and mobile processors for Apple. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 10, 2016 at 4:04PM Image source: Intel.  Ever since current Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) CEO Brian Krzanich took the helm back in 2013, it's been crystal clear that the chipmaker is very interested in building out a significant contract chip manufacturing business. Indeed, at the company's 2013 investor meeting, Krzanich showed a slide that said that Intel aimed to "open foundry to any company able to utilize our leading-edge silicon." Since then, Intel has announced a handful of contract chip manufacturing deals, ranging from programmable-logic vendor Altera to mobile processor specialist Spreadtrum. Once the products developed as part of these agreements begin shipping, the company might finally be able to report significant revenue from its custom foundry efforts. Nevertheless, the deals Intel has announced so far represent reasonable first steps, but for contract chip manufacturing to become a significant business for the chipmaker, it's going to have to aim for more substantial deals. Let's look at two companies with whom Intel should aggressively pursue contract chip manufacturing deals. Augmenting its gaming business One of the portions of Intel's personal-computer processor business that has done very well even in the face of a weak overall personal computer market is gaming. Gaming is one of the few "killer applications" that benefits from Intel's state-of-the-art microprocessors. As important as fast processors are to this market, specialized graphics processors, also known as GPUs, are even more critical to this market. It would be very difficult for Intel to participate in this market with an organically developed solution, and I don't think acquiring a successful gaming graphics processor vendor outright would be the way Intel would want to attack this. However, striking a deal as a contract manufacturer for NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA), the most successful vendor of standalone graphics processors, particularly for gaming, could be a nice way to gain more content in this market. NVIDIA's relationship with contract chip manufacturer Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE:TSM) is quite deep so it would likely be difficult for Intel to convince NVIDIA to switch over some of its products, particularly the high-value gaming-oriented chips. Nevertheless, if Intel could win a high-volume SKU or two over at NVIDIA, that could be a nice win for the former. The king in Cupertino If there is a contract chip win that would generate buzz for Intel in mobile, it'd be Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL). Apple ships a couple of hundred million high-end smartphone and tablet applications processors each year, which means that there are billions of dollars in potential revenue to be had from serving as a contract manufacturer for these Apple-designed processors. Historically, Samsung and TSMC have built chips for Apple, with Samsung serving as the exclusive manufacturer of the A-series chips through the A7 and splitting the A9 with TSMC, while TSMC exclusively manufactured the A8 and the most recently launched A10. Although Apple is widely known for its demanding commercial terms when it comes to suppliers, it also seems to really prioritize having best-in-class manufacturing technologies to allow their best-in-class chip designs to shine. Intel has demonstrated clear leadership in high-performance PC and server parts, but its mobile processors never were anything spectacular. So if Intel's technology here is really as great as it tells investors it is, then it might be able to strike a deal with Apple -- at the very least as a second source to TSMC with a minority allocation of a future A-series chips. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Nvidia. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 10, 2016 at 4:04PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $107.11 up $1.40 (1.32%) Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing NYSE:TSM $29.20 up $0.35 (1.21%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $86.19 up $2.55 (3.05%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Altera launches Stratix 10 FPGAs with HBM2 in tow by Wayne Manion  12:30 PM on October 10, 2016 Intel subsidiary Altera has launched the Stratix 10 field-programmable gate array (FPGA). The Stratix 10 comprises 5.5 million logic elements, HBM2 memory, and a quad-core ARM Cortex-A53 processor. Those components are joined together using what Altera dubs Heterogeneous 3D System-in-Package (SiP) integration. The upshot of this stack of acronyms is up to 10 TFLOPS of single-precision output and 10 Tbps of local memory bandwidth to go along with up to 30 Gbps of chip-to-chip capacity. The new chips are built on Intel's 14-nm FinFET (Tri-Gate) fabrication process. Altera claims a doubling of performance or a 70% power reduction at equivalent performance level when compared to previous-generation products. An integrated Secure Device Manager block ensures the integrity and security of data. The Stratix 10's main job is to ultimately act as a coprocessor within a more conventional server, as the ARM CPU's job is to provide memory management and other services to the FPGA. Like modern GPUs, FPGAs excel in execution of extremely parallel workloads, but with near-ASIC levels of application specificity. The FPGA's primary advantage over an ASIC (application-specific integrated c is that an FPGA's logic units can be reconfigured at a programmer's whim. Altera says the Stratix 10 should be software-compatible with previous-generation Arris FPGA chips. Bing researchers at Microsoft are surely very excited about the promises of increased efficiency. The Stratix 10 is now sampling to "select customers." Tags: CPUs Servers Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... View full site Copyright ©1999-2016 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
Toggle navigation Products All Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution Disclosure and Regulatory Filing IR/PR Newsroom Hosting (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Solutions All Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom Contact Us Sign In to Services Blog About Us About Marketwired Media Partners Marketwired News Community Builders Full site Salles des nouvelles Plus sur nous Produits Solutions Ressources Contactez Nous Se connecter Version complète du site Lark Gould, Content Director, Tours.com and Travel-Intel News Room SOURCE: Tours.com October 10, 2016 13:45 ET Is Cuba Really the Next Big Thing? Tours.com's Travel-Intel Looks at a Recent Study Showing Most Americans Still Wary of Traveling to the Rogue State SAN FRANCISCO, CA--(Marketwired - October 10, 2016) - Cuba has been making waves since the U.S. State Department relaxed rules last year for American tourists who may want to travel there. Since then there has been a surge of interest from Americans, and airline companies and cruise lines have been lining up with itineraries and routes for the 90-mile trip across the straits from Florida. However, as reported in the latest issue of Travel-Intel, most Americans who have expressed interest in traveling to Cuba are actually unlikely to do so. The study, conducted by Allianz Global Assistance found that 70 percent of those Americans most likely to travel to Cuba would, in the end, decline the option. Reasons? Safety, lack of traveler information, and concern over the politics of the country. The study is detailed in the latest issue of Travel-Intel, a weekly publication sent to 103,000 travel agents in North America and posted on Tours.com for travel consumers to read. The publication also looks at sustainable travel -- a segment of the travel industry that has been growing at a healthy clip: about 65 percent per year between 2009 and 2012 and showing up as a strongly emergent category of travel. The article details eight adventurous tours, such as trekking in Patagonia and "slow food" cycling through Tuscany, which keep sustainable travel as a focus. In other news, Travel-Intel features hot travel spots in Indochina for travelers looking for luxury and wows in stays in Viet Nam, Thailand and Cambodia. An article reviews the Reverie Saigon in Ho Chi Minh City, The Siam in Bangkok and Saa Private Island in Cambodia, all members of the exclusive Kurtz-Ahlers collection of luxury hotels, resorts and destination specialists. For cruise enthusiasts, Travel-Intel focuses in on new ways cruise lines are raising the bar on onboard edification with culinary classes, cultural exposure, astronomy sessions, even acting classes with members of dramatic arts troupes. Finally, Travel-Intel offers an article on rising trends in solo travel and best international cities to feel the comforts and joys of traveling alone. Travel-Intel is written by travel industry journalists and focuses on changing trends in travel. Stories come from a variety of places and perspectives, including intel from travel industry conferences and expos, or first person experiences at popular hotels, exotic resorts, cruise ships and ports, and destinations near and far. Current issues and archives can be viewed at www.travel-intel.com. "We keep tabs on the travel industry so travel agents and travelling consumers can stay current with favored destinations and places in the world they want to go," says Lark Gould, content editor for Travel-Intel. As a veteran travel journalist who has been covering the travel industry for more than 30 years, Lark Gould puts he incisive perspective into the weekly publication, with features and news updates, and also "packages" issues that present great travel deals to be found at hotels and resort locations worldwide. Travel-Intel can be viewed as a stand-alone publication on Tours.com. Gould publishes travel columns and stories for Barclay's Travel Community, the Washington Times, Business Travel Executive, GoBankingrate.com and Business Traveler USA, as well as eTravel.news and Larkslist. About Tours.com -- the parent company of two well-established tourism websites and three trade newsletters. Tours.com, The only Worldwide Directory of Tours and Vacations, provides a deep and searchable database of tour and vacation operators. Sightseeing.com is the resource for local sightseeing and attractions worldwide. Trade newsletters include Travel-Intel a weekly compendium of research and packages for North American retail agents and Sightseeing News & Views -- highlighting the most interesting developments in sightseeing, attractions and travel brands and VR Tourism News- the first VR newsletter for the travel industry. Tours.com celebrated its 20th anniversary in 2015. Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2016/10/10/11G117466/Images/LARK_HEAD_SHOT_FOR_TRAVEL_INTEL-10e4888527c2be80a4dcc659f3ab24d5.jpg Contact Information Press Contact: Maria Polk maria@tours.com Phone 415-786-9108   View Desktop Version Pour voir la version complète
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,275 Reviews & Articles | 52,907 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: Three awesome GIGABYTE Motherboards Intel Z170 Motherboards up for grabs! TRENDING NOW: Watch Dogs 2 first impressions Home Press Releases Computer Systems GIGABYTE updates the BRIX with Intel 7th gen processors Posted: Oct 10, 2016 5:27 pm | Computer Systems Press Releases | Stock Ticker: TPE:2376, NASDAQ:INTC Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA GIGABYTE TECHNOLOGY Co. Ltd., a leading manufacturer of motherboards and graphics cards is proud to announce today, the launch of the newly revamped BRIX updated with the latest Intel 7th Generation Core Processor. This compact PC will support the newest in multimedia standards as well as a 10% increase in graphics performance relative to its predecessor.     7th Generation Core Processors   The new BRIX barebones raises the bar once again with the new Intel 7th Gen Core processor family-delivering more responsive performance than ever before. This 7th Gen Core processor utilizes a power efficient microarchitecture, advanced process technology and silicon optimizations to deliver faster performance than previous generation processors. By leveraging Turbo Boost 2.0 Technology, performance and power is dynamically controlled-for cores and graphics-boosting performance precisely when it is needed, and saving energy when it counts.     New Standards and Support for Graphics and Multimedia   With the new Intel HD Graphics users can experience more with the increase in graphics performance, 10% greater than the previous generation BRIX. This new media engine offers HEVC 10-bit hardware acceleration that significantly improves upon 4K content playback as well as content creation when compared to previous generation processors.     GIGABYTE has also gone to ensure that users won't be limited by the standards or connections on the BRIX, by including HDMI2.0 and support for HDCP 2.2, users can rest assured that their device will be able to display content to its full potential. With multiple display outputs, the BRIX can be configured as both a high productivity PC and an entertainment center. Other use case scenarios may include industrial and commercial multi-display applications   BRIX Models:   BRIX   GB-BKi3A-7100 GB-BKi5A-7200 GB-BKi7A-7500   BRIX s   GB-BKi3HA-7100 GB-BKi5HA-7200 GB-BKi7HA-7500     To learn more about GIGABYTE BRIX: http://www.gigabyte.com/brix/2016brix/ Recommended for You CYBERTRONPC ANNOUNCES SMALL FORM FACTOR SYSTEM WITH... Digital Storm Embraces NVIDIA TITAN X Digital Storm Unleashes Hailstorm II - An Enthusiast... ORIGIN PC Offers The First Liquid Cooled NVIDIA GeForce... Related Tags BTIX GIGABYTE Intel Got an opinion? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts HP's new super-small PC packs Intel Xeon, M.2 SSD, more Dishonored 2 crap perf on PC 'totally on us' says dev HBO's 'Westworld' renewed for a second season NVIDIA's new supercomputer will design next-gen GPUs Apple's new $300 design book doesn't include 3.5mm jackView More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity Gigabyte X58-UD5 System Doesn't Boot Anymore! ADATA SE730 (2016) 250GB Portable SSD Review C2750DI no video/POST i can't install anything on my newly built gaming pc Samsung 960 EVO 1TB 1TB & 250GB M.2 NVMe PCIe SSD ReviewView More Forum Posts Press Releases Asius technologies crowdfunds to produce its revolutionary ADEL Drum Bionic earbuds University of Toronto selects CoolIT Systems to liquid cool signal processor for CHIME Project MSI VR One backpack PC and GS63VR Stealth Pro gaming notebook recognized as 2017 CES innovation honoree G.SKILL releases new RIPJAWS KM570 RGB mechanical gaming keyboard Next Generation Esports (NGE) launches BattleRekt tournamentView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2016 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Free Subscription See the Current Issue Archived Issues Articles Blogs News White Papers Products McHale Report Radar/Electronic Warfare CyberDefense Rpt. Embedded Hardware Embedded Software Signal Processing Unmanned Systems Cyber Avionics Design Newsletter …more Obsolescence/EOL Radar Safety Certification and Security Authors Charities What’s Hot RSS Feeds Webcasts E-Letter October 4, 2016 News ID X-ES Reveals Their Latest Extremely Rugged, Small Form Factor (SFF) Embedded System Extreme Engineering Solutions (X-ES) - Leave a Comment XPand6052 | Small Form Factor (SFF) Rugged System Cutaway XPand6052 | Small Form Factor (SFF) Rugged System The newest Small Form Factor (SFF) rugged embedded system from Extreme Engineering Solutions (X-ES), the XPand6052, is now available. This small system combines the computing power of the Intel® Core™ i7 processor-based XPedite7450 COM Express® mezzanine module with the high-performance networking and communications capabilities of the XPedite5205 XMC/PMC Embedded Services Router (ESR). High-Performance Processing in a Compact Package The conduction-cooled XPand6052 combines the XPedite5205 high-performance router and the XPedite7450 Intel® Core™ i7 quad-core general-purpose processor in a compact, Small Form Factor (SFF) system with plenty of computing power for a diverse array of embedded and commercial applications. The XPand6052 is the second generation of X-ES' popular XPand6000 Series of Small Form Factor (SFF) chassis. While maintaining the compact design of its first-generation XPand6000 legacy, the XPand6052 improves modularity, thus providing a flexible basis for derivative designs, while reducing assembly complexity. The XPand6052 further enhances the EMI and environmental performance of this diminutive chassis. Rugged Design with Versatile I/O Options To ensure the highest caliber of performance and reliability under duress and adverse conditions, the XPand6052 COTS system has been comprehensively designed to meet or exceed the demanding military specifications of MIL-STD-810 and DO-160. This rugged and trusted design has also been thoroughly tested on-site at X-ES’ Middleton, WI facility, as well as at independent US-based labs to certify compliance with the exacting standards it was designed against. The XPand6052 has been tested against the rigorous environmental requirements of MIL-STD-810 for vibration, shock, humidity, contamination by fluids, storage and operating temperature, altitude, temperature variation, and the EMI requirements of MIL-STD-461G. With its separate XPedite5205 routing and XPedite7450 processing elements, the XPand6052 provides integration versatility for system designers. The XPand6052 provides an abundance of XPedite7450 processor I/O, including two USB 2.0 ports, two configurable RS-232/422/485 serial ports, DisplayPort and VGA graphics ports, and two 10/100/1000BASE-T Gigabit Ethernet ports. The XPedite5205 router adds four 10/100/1000BASE-T Gigabit Ethernet ports, along with two RS-232 serial ports. The XPand6052 also provides up to 64 GB of internal SATA-accessed storage. As a flight-qualified system, XPand6052 supports a MIL-STD-704A-F 28 VDC power input that is ideal for use on many types of aircraft. In addition to its airborne-optimized feature set, XPand6052 is suitable for many other applications, including harsh ground conditions and in-vehicle use. XPedite5205 | Embedded Services Router (ESR) with Cisco IOS® on an XMC/PMC Mezzanine Module The XPedite5205 is an XMC/PMC-based Embedded Services Router (ESR) router that runs Cisco IOS® Software with Cisco Mobile Ready Net capabilities, providing highly secure data, voice, and video communications to stationary and mobile network nodes across wired and wireless links. The router offers high performance, four Gigabit Ethernet interfaces, and a rich Cisco IOS® Software feature set, suitable for the most Size, Weight, and Power (SWaP)-constrained applications. To meet the needs of demanding mobile and embedded networking applications, the XPedite5205 ESR provides onboard hardware encryption to off-load encryption processing, radio aware routing (RAR) with support for the latest Dynamic Link Exchange Protocol (DLEP), support for IPv6, integrated threat control with integrated Cisco IOS® firewalls and Intrusion Prevention System (IPS), and Quality of Service (QoS). The XPedite5205 ESR uses the same Cisco IOS® that IT staffs in the military, energy, public safety, and other industries are already trained on, enabling these organizations to expand their network to personnel, equipment, facilities, and vehicles at the edge of the network – warfighters on the battlefield, mines and drilling platforms, natural disaster mobile command centers – without any additional training. XPedite7450 | Intel® Core™ i7 Processor-Based Rugged Basic COM Express® Mezzanine Module The XPedite7450 is an enhanced, COM Express® Type 6 module based on the 2nd or 3rd generation Intel® Core™ i7 processor and Intel® QM67 chipset. It is ideal for the high-bandwidth and processing-intensive requirements of today’s commercial, industrial, and military applications, and its small footprint and standards-based form factor make the XPedite7450 perfect for portable and rugged environments. The XPedite7450 accommodates up to 16 GB of DDR3-1600 ECC SDRAM in two channels to support memory-intensive applications, and also hosts numerous I/O ports and interfaces, including graphics, PCI Express, SATA, USB 2.0, HD audio, and serial. About X-ES — Extreme Engineering Solutions, Inc. (X-ES), a 100% U.S.A.-based company, designs and builds single board computers, I/O boards, power supplies, chassis, and system-level solutions for embedded computing customers. X-ES offers cutting-edge performance and flexibility in design, plus an unparalleled level of customer support and service. For further information on X-ES products or services, please visit our website: www.xes-inc.com or call (608) 833-1155. Source: Extreme Engineering Solutions (X-ES) Advertisement Military Embedded Systems Articles Blogs News White Papers Products McHale Report Radar/Electronic Warfare CyberDefense Rpt. © MMXVI Military Embedded Systems An OpenSystems Media publication. Home Archived Issues About Advertise Submit News and Products Contact Last updated: Wed, 16 Nov 2016 07:17:15 +0000
  Guru3D.com Forums > Hardware > Processors and motherboards AMD How do I install Intel Turbo Boost 3.0 User Name Remember Me? Password Processors and motherboards AMD Got a Phenom, FX or AMD APU based system or the means to buy one? You can discuss it in here!   Thread Tools Display Modes How do I install Intel Turbo Boost 3.0   (#1) terrybogard Newbie     Videocard: Geforce GTX 980TI 6GB Processor: Intel Core I7 5930K Mainboard: Asus Rampage V USB3.0 Memory: 32GB DDR4-2400 Crucial Soundcard: Realtek ALC1150 "Onboard" PSU: Corsair CX 750M How do I install Intel Turbo Boost 3.0 - 10-10-2016, 14:58 | posts: 21 | Location: Denmark I have a problem installing the "Intel Turbo Boost version 3.0" on my machine. I have downloaded the driver from the Asus support site. The file is called "ITBM_driver_V1_0_0_1025" and when I start the AsusSetup64.exe I get an error where it says "Install Failed". I then try to download Intel's own drivers and still the same driver version as the one on the Asus support site. But when I start the installation it comes out with another error which says: "This computer does not meet the minimum requirements for installing the software" Now I know that it has something to do with the bios being able to support the Turbo Boost 3.0 technology. But after upgrading my bios two times and still getting the same error, I want to know what I am doing wrong. I need to clarify, that I have enabled the Intel Turbo options in the bios, but the error is still showing up, when I try to install the drivers. I have also updated the Ai suite 3 to the newest version and all the software that comes with it. I really hope you can help me. My PC specs are: Intel Core I7 5930K Asus Rampage V Extreme Bios version: 3402 Crucial Ballistix 32GB 2400 Samsung 850 Pro 120GB Nvidia Geforce 980 TI Thank you in advance Pete     terrybogard View Public Profile Find all posts by terrybogard     (#2) Extraordinary Ancient Guru     Videocard: EVGA GTX980 SC ACX2.0 4GB Processor: FX-8350 @ 4.8GHz / H100i Mainboard: ASUS Crosshair V Formula Memory: 12GB 2133 G.Skill Soundcard: Creative SB1040 7.1 PSU: Corsair RM1000 10-10-2016, 15:00 | posts: 16,174 | Location: 127.0.0.1 Intel® Turbo Boost Max Technology 3.0 is available on the Intel® Core i7 processor Extreme Edition and Intel® Core i7-69xx/68xx processor family.     Extraordinary View Public Profile Find all posts by Extraordinary   (#3) Agent-A01 Ancient Guru     Videocard: 980Ti SLI H20 Processor: i7 5930k 4.7GHz H20 Mainboard: ASUS X99-A Memory: G.Skill 4x8GB 3200C12 Soundcard: Xonar Phoebus-PC360/HD598 PSU: EVGA P2-1200W 10-10-2016, 15:42 | posts: 8,385 | Location: USA Not supported on your CPU.     Agent-A01 View Public Profile Find all posts by Agent-A01   (#4) jbmcmillan Maha Guru     Videocard: Gigabyte 7870 OC 2 GB Processor: i5 2500k@4.4 GHZ. Mainboard: Asus P8 z77 vl-k Memory: Gskill 2x4GB 1600 DDR3 Soundcard: Onboard realtek PSU: OCZ 1000 watt Z series 10-10-2016, 16:37 | posts: 2,066 | Location: Langley,B.C. Canada Isn't this the AMD section?     jbmcmillan View Public Profile Find all posts by jbmcmillan     (#5) terrybogard Newbie     Videocard: Geforce GTX 980TI 6GB Processor: Intel Core I7 5930K Mainboard: Asus Rampage V USB3.0 Memory: 32GB DDR4-2400 Crucial Soundcard: Realtek ALC1150 "Onboard" PSU: Corsair CX 750M 10-10-2016, 19:17 | posts: 21 | Location: Denmark But that doesn't make any sense, because won't that effect the newest version of the Dual Intelligent Processors 5 software?? I mean if these drivers aren't installed then the DIP5 wont work properl. It is like after I upgrade DIP5 to the newest version and try to start a 5way optimization it crashes at the cpu test and at the ram test, and I am thinking that it has something to do with these drivers not being installed on my machine. Or its just another bug again. But have any of you had the same troubles with the newest version of DIP5???? Thanks for your answers so far     terrybogard View Public Profile Find all posts by terrybogard   (#6) sykozis Ancient Guru     Videocard: RX 470 Processor: Core i5 6600K Mainboard: MSI Z170A Gaming Pro Memory: Corsair DDR4-2666 Soundcard: Creative SB-Z PSU: Corsair CX750M 10-11-2016, 03:03 | posts: 19,590 | Location: US East Coast "Dual Intelligent Processors" is marketing crap from Asus and has nothing to do with Intel's drivers.     sykozis View Public Profile Find all posts by sykozis   (#7) -Tj- Ancient Guru     Videocard: ZOTAC GTX 980Ti hybrid OC Processor: Intel i7 4770K hybrid OC Mainboard: ASUS Z87 Deluxe Memory: DDR3 Gskill TridentX 16GB Soundcard: X-Fi Titanium HD @Bose A5 PSU: Nitro88+ 650W 52A 10-11-2016, 03:30 | posts: 12,787 | Location: Proxima \/82 Why would you want it anyway, all it does it boosts 1-3 cores to higher freq., asus multicore enhance in bios already boosts all 6 cores to max possible multi instead of just 1 core.. So in your case max possible on all 6 will be 3.7GHz.     -Tj- View Public Profile Find all posts by -Tj-   (#8) terrybogard Newbie     Videocard: Geforce GTX 980TI 6GB Processor: Intel Core I7 5930K Mainboard: Asus Rampage V USB3.0 Memory: 32GB DDR4-2400 Crucial Soundcard: Realtek ALC1150 "Onboard" PSU: Corsair CX 750M 10-11-2016, 10:33 | posts: 21 | Location: Denmark Quote: Originally Posted by sykozis "Dual Intelligent Processors" is marketing crap from Asus and has nothing to do with Intel's drivers. So in your opinion I should use the Bios to overclock instead ?? The thing I would miss about not being able to use ai suite 3 is the control of the fans. I don't know any other software that can change the settings of the fans than Ai suite 3     terrybogard View Public Profile Find all posts by terrybogard   (#9) terrybogard Newbie     Videocard: Geforce GTX 980TI 6GB Processor: Intel Core I7 5930K Mainboard: Asus Rampage V USB3.0 Memory: 32GB DDR4-2400 Crucial Soundcard: Realtek ALC1150 "Onboard" PSU: Corsair CX 750M 10-11-2016, 10:37 | posts: 21 | Location: Denmark Quote: Originally Posted by -Tj- Why would you want it anyway, all it does it boosts 1-3 cores to higher freq., asus multicore enhance in bios already boosts all 6 cores to max possible multi instead of just 1 core.. So in your case max possible on all 6 will be 3.7GHz. I actually did not know that, and with that in mind, I would say that you're right in that I should not use the Intel Boost technology. It doesn't seem worth it But like I asked before,do you know any software that can control your fans like Ai suite 3 does. I think I'll want to drop Ai suite all together     terrybogard View Public Profile Find all posts by terrybogard   (#10) Agent-A01 Ancient Guru     Videocard: 980Ti SLI H20 Processor: i7 5930k 4.7GHz H20 Mainboard: ASUS X99-A Memory: G.Skill 4x8GB 3200C12 Soundcard: Xonar Phoebus-PC360/HD598 PSU: EVGA P2-1200W 10-11-2016, 19:37 | posts: 8,385 | Location: USA AI suite is a software that changes settings within the bios.. Nothing wrong with using it.     Agent-A01 View Public Profile Find all posts by Agent-A01   (#11) terrybogard Newbie     Videocard: Geforce GTX 980TI 6GB Processor: Intel Core I7 5930K Mainboard: Asus Rampage V USB3.0 Memory: 32GB DDR4-2400 Crucial Soundcard: Realtek ALC1150 "Onboard" PSU: Corsair CX 750M 10-11-2016, 22:28 | posts: 21 | Location: Denmark Quote: Originally Posted by Agent-A01 AI suite is a software that changes settings within the bios.. Nothing wrong with using it. Maybe, but I would be a happy man if they would the bugs the program has. :-D     terrybogard View Public Profile Find all posts by terrybogard   (#12) AsiJu Maha Guru     Videocard: EVGA 980Ti SC+ / Xtreme 4 Processor: i5-4690K @ 4.5GHz/1.22 V Mainboard: ASRock Z97 Pro3 Memory: HyperX DDR3-2400 24 GB Soundcard: X-Fi Titanium + Z906 PSU: Tt. Toughpower XT 875 W 10-12-2016, 11:35 | posts: 2,592 | Location: Finland Quote: Originally Posted by terrybogard But that doesn't make any sense, because won't that effect the newest version of the Dual Intelligent Processors 5 software?? I mean if these drivers aren't installed then the DIP5 wont work properl. It is like after I upgrade DIP5 to the newest version and try to start a 5way optimization it crashes at the cpu test and at the ram test, and I am thinking that it has something to do with these drivers not being installed on my machine. Or its just another bug again. But have any of you had the same troubles with the newest version of DIP5???? Thanks for your answers so far Yea like said the Ai Suite "Optimization" is just an auto-overclocker and has nothing to do with Intel Turbo Boost 3.0 drivers. It's actually kind of normal that it crashes as it tries to find the highest possible clock (and usually fails). You will however get much better results overclocking manually from BIOS. You can do the same things in Ai Suite but it's prone to making things go wrong in my experience. You can keep AI Suite running though after you've done tweaking BIOS if you want to use it for monitoring/fan control etc.     AsiJu View Public Profile Find all posts by AsiJu   (#13) terrybogard Newbie     Videocard: Geforce GTX 980TI 6GB Processor: Intel Core I7 5930K Mainboard: Asus Rampage V USB3.0 Memory: 32GB DDR4-2400 Crucial Soundcard: Realtek ALC1150 "Onboard" PSU: Corsair CX 750M 10-15-2016, 18:08 | posts: 21 | Location: Denmark Quote: Originally Posted by AsiJu Yea like said the Ai Suite "Optimization" is just an auto-overclocker and has nothing to do with Intel Turbo Boost 3.0 drivers. It's actually kind of normal that it crashes as it tries to find the highest possible clock (and usually fails). You will however get much better results overclocking manually from BIOS. You can do the same things in Ai Suite but it's prone to making things go wrong in my experience. You can keep AI Suite running though after you've done tweaking BIOS if you want to use it for monitoring/fan control etc. Well I upgraded to the newest version of DIP5 and at the same time I set the stability test to go no further than 4.0 ghz. That solved the problem with the crash during the test at least But yeah I think you are right about the overclocking is meant to be done in the Bios and not by Ai Suite 3     terrybogard View Public Profile Find all posts by terrybogard   (#14) AsiJu Maha Guru     Videocard: EVGA 980Ti SC+ / Xtreme 4 Processor: i5-4690K @ 4.5GHz/1.22 V Mainboard: ASRock Z97 Pro3 Memory: HyperX DDR3-2400 24 GB Soundcard: X-Fi Titanium + Z906 PSU: Tt. Toughpower XT 875 W 10-16-2016, 11:52 | posts: 2,592 | Location: Finland You can find guides on overclocking Haswell-E by Googling and there's surely some threads on the Intel forum too here (this is AMD forum you posted on btw ): http://forums.guru3d.com/forumdisplay.php?f=25     AsiJu View Public Profile Find all posts by AsiJu « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     ATI Tray Tools         ATI Tray Tools Generic Discussion             ATI Tray Tools Public Beta Section     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2016, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Things Investors Should Know About Intel Corporation A look at the chipmaker's biggest customers and what segments impact its financial results the most. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 10, 2016 at 9:25AM Image source: Intel.  Just about every tech investor has heard of chip giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC). The company provides the chips for the vast majority of the personal computers and servers that are sold each year, generates more revenue than any other publicly traded chip company, and is wildly profitable. It's also a very controversial name. Though the chipmaker holds dominant positions in several very lucrative markets, it has had a tough time branching out beyond its core business. Its efforts to attack the mobile processor market simply haven't worked, and its efforts to serve as a contract chip manufacturer haven't yet delivered much in the way of revenue. Today I'd like to go over a few things about Intel that may be helpful to both current investors as well as to those considering taking a position in the stock. Who are Intel's biggest customers? According to Intel's latest annual report, the company's three largest customers during 2015 were as follows: 18% of Intel's total revenue in 2015 (or roughly $10 billion) came from sales to HP Inc. (NYSE: HPQ) and Hewlett-Packard Enterprise (NYSE: HPE). HP Inc. is a major provider of personal computers while Hewlett-Packard Enterprise is a major server hardware vendor. 15% of Intel's revenue in 2015 came from sales to privately held Dell. Dell, like HP Inc. and Hewlett-Packard Enterprise, is a major provider of both personal computers and servers. 13% of Intel's 2015 revenue came from Lenovo (NASDAQOTH: LNVGY), also a major vendor of personal computers and servers. The chipmaker says that "no other customer accounted for more than 10% of [its] net revenue" in 2015. Although Dell is privately held and doesn't disclose financial results, the information above suggests that current and potential Intel investors may be well-served to pay close attention to the financial results and related commentary from HP Inc., Hewlett-Packard Enterprise, and Lenovo (all three are publicly traded) for "hints" as to where Intel's business may be headed. Significant dependence on personal computer market In its most recent 10-K filing, Intel provided breakdowns of its revenue by segment for 2013, 2014, and 2015, as you can see below: DCG = data center group. IOTG = Internet of Things group. SSG = software and services operating segments. CCG = client computing group. Image source: Intel. More than half of the company's revenue in 2015 still came from sales of chips into personal computers, though that figure has come down from 66% in 2013 to 58% in 2015 (partially as a result of the growth of other segments, but partially as a result of the decline in overall personal computer sales). What this means for investors is that although Intel's revenue base is becoming increasingly diversified (particularly as its data center business continues to grow), its financial health is still substantially a function of the health of the overall personal computer market. This means that investors shouldn't dismiss any positive or negative data points around the personal computer market, because odds are that, good or bad, they could be quite meaningful to the chipmaker's financial results (and, potentially, its stock price). Intel's future is in the data center That being said, investors will notice that the company's data center group (commonly abbreviated DCG) is a substantial and rapidly growing portion of its revenue base. In 2015, it hit 29% of revenue, and it probably won't be too long before it crosses the 33% threshold. This means that, as far as investors should be concerned, the health of the overall server market as well as Intel's ability to maintain share and grow chip content there should also be quite important. And, over time, this segment is only going to become more important to the company. The good news is that the overall market for data center processors and related solutions is quite robust, as Intel's growth in this segment over the years shows. The bad news, though, is that Intel is likely to face competitive pressures here over the next several years, meaning that Intel's ability to defend its high market share in key areas (such as enterprise and cloud servers) will become increasingly important to the narrative around the company.  Interestingly, Intel's data center group is large enough today to, given a reasonable amount of growth, offset declines in the personal computer market. Indeed, in 2015, Intel's client computing group, or CCG, took in $32.219 billion in revenue, while its data center group raked in $15.977 billion in revenue. Based on those figures, for every 1% decline in CCG revenue, it would take about a 2.02% increase in DCG revenue to keep total revenue flat. Over time, as DCG becomes larger (and, presumably, CCG becomes smaller), it should take less growth from DCG on a percentage basis to offset declines in CCG going forward.   Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 10, 2016 at 9:25AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Could Intel's Latest AI Partnership Hurt Ambarella? 3 Ways Intel Corporation Has Changed in 3 Years Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Trump or Clinton Means Weaker Dollar: Buy These 4 Dividend Stocks By Lee Jackson October 10, 2016 9:45 am EST Print Email Tweet Despite the pollsters are giving Hillary Clinton a 70% to 80% chance of victory in less than a month, stranger things have happened. Ronald Reagan trailed Jimmy Carter by 15 points in February-March of 1980. Then Reagan came back and won in a 44 state landslide. One thing is for sure, the U.S. dollar is expected to weaken regardless of the final outcome, and for companies that thrive on a weaker greenback, 2017 could be a great year. We screened the Merrill Lynch database for stocks that were rated Buy, that also did a significant amount of their sales and business overseas. We found four that look very attractive, and could make good sense as we head to 2017. General Electric This iconic blue chip industrial was on a roll but has sold off 15% since July and is giving investors a nice entry point. General Electric Co. (NYSE: GE) is a highly diversified, global industrial corporation. Its businesses are organized broadly under six segments: GE Capital, Energy Infrastructure, Aviation, Healthcare, Transportation and Home & Business Solutions. Its products and services include power generation equipment, aircraft engines, locomotives, medical equipment, appliances, commercial leasing and personal finance. Wall Street analysts feel that the American giant will be a large player in the efficient energy field. While the analysts recently lowered earnings expectations for the quarter slightly, they remain positive as expectations for orders and free cash flow already seem very low. They also note that the industrial giant has a massive $25 billion in cash, which could be put to use to drive earnings toward $2 a share by 2018. GE shareholders are paid a 3.16% dividend. The Merrill Lynch price target for the stock is $37, and the Wall Street consensus target is $33.13. The shares closed last Friday at $29.08. Intel This leader in semiconductors is working hard to scale away from dependence on personal computers. Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) designs, manufactures and sells integrated digital technology platforms worldwide. The company’s platforms are used in various computing applications comprising notebooks, two-in-one systems, desktops, servers, tablets, smartphones, wireless and wired connectivity products, wearables, retail devices and manufacturing devices, as well as for retail, transportation, industrial, buildings, home use and other market segments. The company also provides communication and connectivity offerings, such as baseband processors, radio frequency transceivers and power management integrated circuits, and tablet, phone and Internet of Things solutions, which include multimode 4G LTE modems, Bluetooth technology and GPS receivers, software solutions and interoperability tests, as well as home gateway and set-top box components. Intel reported an inline second quarter, but data center sales came in way below expectations. However, a new partnership with Microsoft for virtual reality, and a consistent shift away for reliance on chips for personal computers, keeps the stock a compelling buy. Intel does a stunning 82.4% of its sales overseas, the lion’s share of it in Asia, where the chips that it produces are used in personal computers, tablets and other personal electronic devices. Intel investors are paid a solid 2.73% dividend. The Merrill Lynch price target is $45, while the consensus target is lower at $40.38. The shares closed Friday at $38.10. Pages: 1/2 « Why Diamondback Energy Stock Popped 4% Monday Morning 10 US Cities With the Highest Rents » Read more: Investing, Defensive Stocks, Dividends and Buybacks, featured, General Electric Company (NYSE:GE), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), 3M (NYSE:MMM), Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Worst Companies to Work For The Drunkest City in Each State Major Changes in Warren Buffett & Berkshire Hathaway Stocks: American Airlines, Delta, Kinder Morgan, Wal-Mart, BNY Mellon and More 50 Worst Cities to Live In Home Depot Black Friday Ad Now Available Recent Nokia, Teva Plunge into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club Verizon, Chevron Dominate DJIA Tuesday SEC Awards Whistleblower Over $20 Million Solar Plants Raise Local Temperatures Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Dick's Sporting Goods Inc. Fumbles -- Why Shares Fell Twitter's Executive Exodus Continues This Big Activist Investor Just Bought Shares of Twitter Gap names Teri List-Stoll as new finance chief Snapchat IPO could value company at $20 billion to $25 billion, go public in March: WSJ Snapchat files confidentially for IPO: WSJ New Highs for the Holidays? Big Economic Shifts Challenge Your Decision-Making Trustmark (TRMK) Inks Merger Deal with RB Bancorporation A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively Dick's Sporting Goods Inc. Fumbles -- Why Shares Fell Twitter's Executive Exodus Continues This Big Activist Investor Just Bought Shares of Twitter Bernie Sanders Calls Out Donald Trump For Backpedaling On One Thing They Agreed On Facebook, Google Take Small Steps To Stop Spread Of Fake News Snapchat Files For IPO That Would Be Biggest In Years For Tech Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
null
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] Win a Gigabyte GTX 1070 G1 Gaming Bundle [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Systems Chassis News 1 Gigabyte updates BRIX range with Kaby Lake processors by Mark Tyson on 10 October 2016, 10:41 Tags: Gigabyte (TPE:2376), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qac7q6 Add to My Vault: Gigabyte has updated its BRIX range of mini-PC barebone systems to include the latest Intel 7th generation Core Processors. Customers who are interested in a new Kaby Lake BRIX can choose one of three processors in the 0.46L (34.4 x 112.6 x 119.4mm), or slightly taller 0.6L (46.8 x 112.6 x 119.4mm) chassis. If you opt for the taller (46.8mm) chassis you can fit both a 2.5-inch drive and an M.2 SSD. Users of the shorter (34.4mm) chassis can only fit an M.2 SSD. The following are the new processor options; the Intel Core i3-7100U, Core i5-7200U, or Core i7-7500U processors. All these are 2C/4T processors. I've tabulated their base performance specs below.   Intel Core i3-7100U Processor Intel Core i5-7200U Processor Intel Core i7-7500U Processor Cores 2 2 2 Threads 4 4 4 Processor Base Frequency 2.4GHz 2.5GHz 2.7GHz Max Turbo Frequency N/A 3.1GHz 3.5GHz Cache 3MB SmartCache 3MB SmartCache 4MB SmartCache Bus Speed 4GT/s OPI 4GT/s OPI 4GT/s OPI TDP 15W 15W 15W   All the above processors are equipped with Intel HD Graphics 620 with a 300MHz base freq, which can boost to 1GHz (1.05GHz for the i7). These systems support up to 32GB of DDR4 2133MHz memory (two SO-DIMM slots). With compact systems such as these BRIX, the integrated graphics are extremely important. Intel's Kaby Lake graphics are said to provide about a 10 per cent uplift over the previous generation BRIX machines, plus the new HEVC 10-bit hardware acceleration for superior 4K playback and content creation could be an important consideration. Gigabyte's VESA mountable BRIX offer a good selection of connectivity options such as; 1x USB 3.1 Type-C port, 1x USB 3.1 TYpe-A port, 2x USB 3.0 ports, HDMI 2.0, DisplayPort, Gigabit Ethernet, Dual Band Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.2, Combo Audio jack. Remember these are barebones machines so you will have to add your own memory, storage, and OS to make a complete working system. Related Reading 3 HP Z2 Mini Workstation revealed at Autodesk University event "Industry's first-ever mini workstation," measures just 21.5 x 21.5 x 5.8cm. 2 MSI Trident claimed to be "world's smallest VR Ready gaming PC" Features MSI's interesting and exclusive Silent Storm Cooling 2 thermal design. 12 MSI VR One VR backpack PC hits retail, costing around £2000 Intel Core i7 6820HK based machine hits US, Europe, Australia, China, Japan, and Taiwan. MSI teases Trident, a compact and lightweight "true gaming PC" Dell teases Surface Studio AiO rival at Adobe MAX conference Gigabyte Server Q&A with Craig Connell EVGA SC17 1070 Gaming Laptop Intel to release an unlocked Kaby Lake Core i3 desktop CPU HEXUS Forums :: 1 Comment Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by whatif - Mon 10 Oct 2016 21:22 Nice to see these finally come out with a usb 3.1 type c. All we need now to turn these into a proper little gaming machine, is a good range of external gaphics card enclosures to come on the market, to bring the prices down a bit and to make them more available. Still no release date for the Razor Core in Australia, there are a lot of people here that have asked on Razor's insider forum (received a $150 Core voucher after buying a Razor laptop and lots have now expired - though Razor claim they will still honour them), but as yet they have not given any definite time. It isn't even mentioned anywhere on the Australian Razor website. MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Recent Nvidia drivers include telemetry logging functionality 14 2 Intel's on-die silicon photonics tech is mind-blowing says analyst 11 3 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 4 Razer Blade Stealth 7 5 AOC AGON 35-inch 'Extremely Curved' gaming monitor launched 13 1 QOTW: Which CPU is inside your PC(s)? 104 2 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 3 Recent Nvidia drivers include telemetry logging functionality 14 4 AOC AGON 35-inch 'Extremely Curved' gaming monitor launched 13 5 MSI VR One VR backpack PC hits retail, costing around £2000 12 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 AfterShokz introduce the next generation wired bone conduction headphones 2 HP Unveils Industry’s First-ever Mini Workstation 3 Announcing the Swiftech Komodo GTX Titan X Waterblock 4 Lian Li Releases the PC-O10 Dual-Compartment Mid Tower: ATX Meets SFX 5 TYAN Displays HPC Platforms for Enterprises and Data Centers to Accelerate HPC Market Growth at SC16 6 AMD Releases the Most Versatile Open Source Platform for GPU Computing INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,180 Forum posts: 2,558,722 Forum threads: 246,623 Currently active users: 591 Copyright © 1998 - 2016, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
Home Auto Gadgets Hardware Internet IT Science Software Blogs Polls Submit News Hardware LG Gram Laptop Saimin (Blog) - October 10, 2016 5:00 AM Print Recipient E-mail Sender E-mail Any student in high school or college has need for a new laptop. It wouldn’t be a bad idea to consider the LG Gram high performance laptop. This light laptop weighs only (2.16 lbs) with 15.6” HD IPS display and furnished with 6th generation Intel powerful core processor. This affordable laptop is ready to be put to work.     You have a choice between an Intel Core Processor 6th Generation i5 or i7. Up to 8GB of added RAM for faster performance.  LG Gram has sophisticated memory of 512 GB SSD, and more versatility in connectivity for data transfer and device charging power.     This lightweight laptop is the top of its class with a 15.6” screen that satisfies the user with a three – dimensional image that appears to surround you. IPS Display gives a great view from nearly every angle, has full HD Display with extraordinary, high definition resolution of 1920x1080. Also LG Gram has excellent screen conditions for watching moves with Reader & Movie Mode.  Overall this laptop can be used for every major regardless of what your subject of study is, you will enjoy using it. This 0.7 inch thin LG gram is stylish with high performance for every major     Who offers a good deal on LG gram?   LG gram laptop can be purchased at Amazon or B&H and some others may have on sale.   This large laptop offers enough screen workspace while it is remarkably lightweight which is perfect for travel. if you pack. This laptop with the charger still has less weight than a 13- inch ultraportable.     Despite the size of its screen, the Gram 15 still is very compact. Measuring at 14.8x8.99x0.66 inches, it is similar to Dell’s XPS 15 on dimensions but almost half of the price.   On the right side of the machine is a Kensington lock slot, a USB Type A 2.0 port, a USB Type A 3.0, micro SD card slot, and headset jack. There’s also a 720 P webcam placed in the hinge ot the laptop, which results in awkward close –ups of your fingers if you need to type during a video call. Of course everyone should study the positives and negatives on every products before purchasing it.       "Intel is investing heavily (think gazillions of dollars and bazillions of engineering man hours) in resources to create an Intel host controllers spec in order to speed time to market of the USB 3.0 technology." -- Intel blogger Nick Knupffer Latest Headlines Here Goes Intel and AMD - Neck and Neck Again November 14, 2016, 5:00 AM Refurbished Desktops and More in Today’s Market November 13, 2016, 5:00 AM AMD Inspires Innovation Everywhere November 12, 2016, 1:00 AM Wi-Fi on Intel USB 3.1 November 11, 2016, 1:00 AM NVIDIA Corporation Scores the Microsoft Surface November 2, 2016, 8:27 AM Apple Launches New MacBook with Two Missing Items October 29, 2016, 1:00 AM More Headlines Most Popular Articles27” Curved Monitors – Samsung SD590 vs HP Pavilion 27c November 9, 2016, 2:00 AM Smart Thermostats - Nest Learning Thermostat vs Ecobee3 November 10, 2016, 1:00 AM Wi-Fi on Intel USB 3.1 November 11, 2016, 1:00 AM UTHealth Clinical Trial Shows Progress Using Stem Cells to Treat Traumatic Brain Injury November 8, 2016, 1:00 AM Uber Partners with Circulation to Pilot Program Connecting Transportation and Digital Health Care November 6, 2016, 5:00 AM Latest Blog Posts Cancer Screening in the Community Is there a link between Cancer and Poverty? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 15, 2016, 8:00 AM Points to Consider when Buying Your New PC – Window 10 PC Buying Guide Saimin Nidarson - Nov 14, 2016, 5:00 AM Google’s Pixel, Pixel XL smartphones have a Bug Saimin Nidarson - Nov 13, 2016, 1:00 AM Uber Latest Announcement Saimin Nidarson - Nov 12, 2016, 1:00 AM No More Free Lunch Saimin Nidarson - Nov 11, 2016, 1:00 AM Are you tried of Google tracking you? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 10, 2016, 2:34 AM Antibody May Promise Zika Vaccine Saimin Nidarson - Nov 8, 2016, 1:00 AM Samsung is Back in the News Again Saimin Nidarson - Nov 7, 2016, 1:00 AM What are the benefits of a solar panel roofing system and how it works? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 6, 2016, 6:00 AM PolyMet Wants Build Copper Mine Saimin Nidarson - Nov 5, 2016, 5:00 AM Paying Your Metro Transit Fare Got Easier Saimin Nidarson - Nov 4, 2016, 5:15 AM Xiaomi Launched Mi Air Purifier Pro in China Saimin Nidarson - Nov 3, 2016, 4:31 AM A Car Mechanic Repaired a Helicopter Saimin Nidarson - Nov 2, 2016, 2:00 AM Wells Fargo after damaging its reputation and taking over the customer’s accounts wants to be trusted again!!! Saimin Nidarson - Nov 1, 2016, 9:46 AM World News, Ceta Signing was Cancelled: Saimin Nidarson - Oct 31, 2016, 1:45 AM What Would You Do for A Free iPhone7? Elroy Bethell - Oct 30, 2016, 1:00 AM Airline Flight Catches Fire Saimin Nidarson - Oct 29, 2016, 1:17 AM From Time to Time, The Unbelievable and Unimaginable Happens!!!! Saimin Nidarson - Oct 28, 2016, 4:56 AM Key EpiPen Competitor Out in 2017 At ' Very Low' Cost Saimin Nidarson - Oct 27, 2016, 5:30 AM More Blog Posts Copyright 2016 DailyTech LLC. - RSS Feed | Advertise | About Us | Ethics | FAQ | Terms, Conditions & Privacy Information | Kristopher Kubicki
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Drivers Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > Drivers > Blog FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! Intel Makes Available Realtek ALC Audio Driver 6.0.1.7910 - Download Now The new release supports several Windows operating systems Oct 10, 2016 07:02 GMT  ·  By Iulian Pascal  ·  Share:  Intel has announced the availability of a new Realtek ALC Audio driver compatible with several of its NUC kits, namely version 6.0.1.7910, which enables the devices’ front and rear panel audio jacks. In terms of supported products, the present build is suitable for Intel’s D54250WYK(H), D34010WYK(H), DE3815TYKHE, and DN2820FYKH NUC kits, as well as for its NUC5i5RY(K/H), NUC5i3RY(K/H), NUC6i3SY(K/H), and NUC6i5SY(K/H) devices. Moreover, this 6.0.1.7910 driver is also compatible with the producer’s NUC5CPYH, NUC5i7RYH, NUC5PPYH, NUC5PGYH, NUC6i7KYK, NUC5i3MYHE, and NUC5i5MYHE next unit computing kits. As for valid OSes, the release is to be applied on the NUCs mentioned above that are running one of Microsoft’s Windows 7, 8, 8.1, or 10 platforms (either 32- or 64-bit variants), or a Windows Server 2008 R2 or 2012 R2 operating system. Considering these aspects, if you want to apply this update, first make sure your device model is supported, save and unzip the downloadable archive, locate and run the setup file, and follow all instructions displayed on the screen. In addition to that, once completed, it would be a good idea to perform a system reboot to allow all changes to take effect properly. That said, download Intel NUC Realtek ALC Audio Driver 6.0.1.7910, install it on your device, and check back with us as often as possible to stay “updated one minute ago.” #ALC Audio#Realtek#Intel#6.0.1.7910#NUC Kit reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Realtek HD Audio Driver 6.0.1.7950 Is Up for Grabs - Download Now [UPDATED] Realtek Makes Available New Driver - Get HD Audio 6.0.1.7945 Now [UPDATED] New Realtek Audio Version Is Up for Grabs - Download 6.0.1.7940 Download Realtek’s New HD Audio Driver - Version 6.0.1.7936 [UPDATED] Microsoft Pledges to Completely Retire Office 2007 Next Year Firefox 50.0 Officially Released for Linux, Mac and Windows, Here's What's New Some U.S. Android Phones Have Secret Backdoor That Sends Data to China Apple Insider Says iPhone 6 Plus Has a Major Bug, Company Should Start Recall NVIDIA Makes Available GeForce Graphics Driver 375.86 - Get It Now Panasonic Rolls Out Firmware 2.6 for its DMC-GH4 Camera - Download Now ASRock Rolls Out New BIOS Update for Some of Its Motherboards Nikon Updates Firmware for Its COOLPIX A300 Camera - Get Version 1.2    Intel improves sound quality for its NUCs New Apps DxWnd: Open games and other applications that only run in full screen in a custom window mode that you can resize and lock anywhere on your screen with this app ChemPlot: Create chemical molecule structures using simple drawing tools wrapped in an intuitive interface, lock, group and edit objects, save projects and print results Portable Firefox: A reliable, fast and secure web browser that enables you to easily navigate on the Internet on the go, directly from a portable device GdPicture.NET Document Imaging SDK: Full-Featured and Royalty Free Document Imaging toolkit for .NET allows you to implement viewing, processing, printing or scanning files SmartFTP FTP Library: Integrate FTP and SFTP file transfer capabilities into your software with the help of this advanced FTP library ActiveX component (COM) Norton AntiVirus Virus Definitions: Signature packanges containing the latest free virus databases for various Symantec antivirus software for both home and business use Curse: Connect, chat, share files and send messages to friends from the games you are playing fast and easy with this intuitive application Reader comments Nikon Updates Firmware for Its COOLPIX A300 Camera - Get Version 1.2 more on: COOLPIX A300 i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy feedback      
Skip to content visualization, imaging & software engineering Menu and widgets Home What are the vxlabs? Expertise Contact Subscribe to this blog via email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Search Search for: Recent Posts Date-sorted interactive recursive search with ivy, counsel and ag Step-by-step guide to C++ navigation and completion with Emacs and the Clang-based rtags Fixing the Cordova browser platform Access-Control-Allow-Origin error Up and running with ECL and Emacs SLIME in four easy steps gunicorn as your Django development server Recent Comments 2016-11-14 Emacs News - sacha chua :: living an awesome life on Date-sorted interactive recursive search with ivy, counsel and ag roman on Stats for Huawei LTE Routers Zuikkis on Stats for Huawei LTE Routers Publish on wordpress with orgmode | lughaidhblog on Publish to WordPress with Emacs 24 and org2blog cpbotha on Notes on my full-time testing of 7 Dropbox alternatives Top Posts & Pages Solving the Ubuntu 14.04 - NVIDIA 346 - nvidia-prime black screen issue Fixing the Cordova browser platform Access-Control-Allow-Origin error Notes on my full-time testing of 7 Dropbox alternatives SSDs with usable built-in hardware-based full disk encryption Use the hardware-based full disk encryption of your TCG Opal SSD with msed SSDs with usable built-in hardware-based full disk encryption (tl;dr / post summary: Many current SSDs do super fast hardware AES encryption, but only a very few expose this correctly to the user, meaning you often still need a third-party software solution. Information on this is incredibly hard to find.) Imagine that your laptop or your PC gets stolen. That would be terrible. However, it would be even worse if your laptop contained confidential data, either your own or that of your employer or client. It’s clear that encrypting one’s hard drive has become a necessity. There are good open source software solutions for this, for example TrueCrypt (Windows, Linux and OSX) and the LUKS/dm-crypt system. However, such software encryption systems require a small chunk of your CPU capacity, and also affect SSD performance and durability to a lesser or greater extent, depending on the controller. Intel 520 self-encrypting SSD. Image courtesy of Anand Tech. A number of SSD drives now implement real-time AES encryption in hardware. Usually the reason for this is to enable fast secure erase: When the AES keys are destroyed by the firmware, a very cheap operation that requires almost no writing to the flash, no data on the whole SSD can be read, and can thus the data can be considered securely erased. The encryption and decryption take place in the controller hardware, so there is no performance hit. The Sandforce SF2281 controller is one of the more well-known SSD controllers that does this. In some cases, the manufacterer uses the HDD password or ATA password (configurable via many laptop BIOSes, very few desktop BIOSes, or the ATASX BIOS extension) to encrypt the AES keys. This means that even if the manufacturer got hold of your drive, and you had set a strong ATA password, they would probably never be able to decrypt your data. I call this usable built-in-hardware-based full disk encryption. In these cases, you do NOT need to install third-party software full disk encryption, and can enjoy the full performance of your SSD. In many other cases, the encryption keys are stored in the drive firmware, but are NOT explicitly encrypted with a user-supplied password. This is non-usable encryption, because in theory the manufacturer or a sufficiently skilled hardware hacker can extract the encryption keys from the drive firmware and decrypt all of your data. In these cases, you ABSOLUTELY have to use a third-party software disk encryption software tool. The purpose of this post is to keep a list of current SSDs with usable and non-usable built-in hardware-based full disk encryption. Whilst recently shopping for a suitable SSD, this information was unreasonably hard to come by, hence this list. If you have additions or corrections, please let me know in the comments. SSDs with USABLE built-in encryption: Intel 320 This post and this post by an Intel representative confirm that the AES keys on the Intel 320 SSD are encrypted with the user’s ATA password. The second gives more detail on the implementation details, for example that the ATA password itself is also stored in non-reversible hashed form in the drive firmware. The white paper linked to under the Intel 520 heading below confirms the working of the 320 encryption setup. Intel 520 This is the first Intel SSD making use of the Sandforce SF-2281 controller. Due to a bug in the controller, the drive does AES-128 encryption (instead of the advertised AES-256). AES-128 is still considered to be sufficient for most purposes. After two unsuccessful attempts getting a clear answer on the details of the Intel 520 encryption directly from Intel support, I finally stumbled on this white paper by Intel: Managing Intel Solid-State Drives Using Intel vPro Technology (mirror here). On page 3, in the grey box at the bottom of the page, we see the following text (bold words by me): How Self-encrypting drives (SEDs) Work: SEDs, such as the Intel® SSD 320 Series and Intel® SSD 520 Series, have a drive controller that automatically encrypts all data to the drive and decrypts all the data from the drive. The disk encryption key is never present in the computer’s processor or memory, where it could be accessed by hackers. The key used to encrypt and decrypt is securely stored only on the drive. Because the disk encryption key is encrypted with the ATA (Advanced Technology Attachment) passwords, the key is made accessible to the drive only after successful user authentication; without the key the data remains encrypted on the media. Authentication of the user is done within the SED by supplying the ATA user password, which is isolated from the OS. Therefore, attacks on OS vulnerabilities cannot affect an SED’s pre-boot process. That’s a pretty conclusive statement by Intel that both the 320 and the 520 encrypt their AES encryption key with the user-supplied ATA password. After a few weeks and some mails with Intel tech support, I also received the following confirmation concerning the Intel 520 SSD: Yes, ATA password is used to encrypt the encryption keys stores on the SSD. In other words: The Encryption Keys depends on the ATA password to decrypt them. The ATA password is not used in combination with the Encryption Keys to encrypt the data. Intel support furthermore confirmed that the Intel 520 is compliant with FIPS-197. SSDs with PERHAPS USABLE built-in encryption In these cases there are indications that the mentioned drives are encrypting the encryption keys with the ATA user password, but I have not been able to find more conclusive confirmation. If you find anything, please let me know it the comments, because eventually I’d like to move them out to the list of USABLE or NON-USABLE encryption. Plextor M5 Pro On the product page the graphic shows quite clearly that ata passwords are related to encryption keys, but it does not specify in which way these are linked. A reasonable approach would of course be that the key is encrypted with the ATA password, but until that’s confirmed, this drive remains on the “perhaps”-list. Samsung 840 Pro Again it’s far too hard to find conclusive information on the encryption implementation. On this product page, we find the following text: Keep your data safe with Self-Encrypting Drive (SED) Technology Simply enable an HDD password via your computer’s BIOS, and Samsung’s SSD 840 applies data encryption automatically. This is not as conclusive as I’d like, but there is an implication that there’s a link between the HDD password and the encryption on the Samsung. Samsung PM830 This drive is not to be confused with the consumer-oriented Samsung 830. The PM830 is a special professional OEM version, found for example in Dell Latitude laptops. There are indications, such as this great 2012 overview paper, titled Hardware-based Full Disk Encryption (In)Security Survey, by Tilo Muller, Tobias Latzo, and Felix C. Freiling (accompanying website with demonstration videos), which mention the PM830 as an example of hardware-based full disk encryption. I’m still searching for the cited spec document that might confirm whether the PM830 encrypts its AES-256 keys with the ATA password, and also the possible password-length limitations. SSDs with NON-USABLE built-in encryption OCZ Agility / Vertex 2 / 3 / 4 In this posting on the OCZ Technology Forum, we see that in at least some of the OCZ SSDs, “The encryption key is not directly linked to the ATA Security password (or the BIOS password).” I have not been able to find more specific information about other OCZ offerings. However, my expectations are not very high based on this previous work by OCZ. Conclusion Manufacturers of SSDs with built-in encryption are doing an absolutely TERRIBLE job of informing their customers of their specific encryption implementations. For something as critical as full disk encryption, I would expect full disclosure. If the encryption approach is good, disclosing its details won’t affect its security. The only SSDs that I’d recommend in terms of usable built-in disk encryption are the Intel 320 and 520 drives. It would be great if this list could be expanded. If you have a direct connection to the relevant persons at the various manufacturers, please make use of this and let me know of the results so I can update this blog post. Your BIOS has to support the full 32 character ATA password specification. The Samsung laptop I’m typing this on only supports 8  character ATA passwords, so I’d think carefully about installing a hardware-based encrypted SSD in here. My desktop with the Intel 520 SSD has the ATASX bios extension and supports up to the full 32 characters. When you buy a new laptop or motherboard, make sure it has a good ATA security extensions implementation, supporting the full 32 characters. Although ideally the built-in hardware encryption would be usable and secure, the disappointing state of affairs leads me to the conclusion that a good option at this point is still to select an SSD that is impacted as little as possible by the software encryption (avoid the Sandforce controllers, or any other controllers that make use of hardware compression), and then use a solution such as TrueCrypt or luks/dm-crypt (even for a non-Sandforce controller such as on the OCZ Vertex 4, the negative impact is significant, unfortunately). For my next SSD purchase, I will again compare the super-fast hardware encryption of the Intel 520 vs. SSDs that are able to cope to some extent with software encryption, although I am currently leaning towards the Intel 520. Other resources I’ve written another post documenting my successful experience with r0m30’s open source TCG Opal configuration utility and PBA image. Vincent Tenniglo sent in this article by AnandTech where Anand himself experiments with the TCP Opal 2.0 compliant Crucial M500 and the Windows 8 eDrive support. In theory, with eDrive-compatible drives (meaning Opal 2.0), Windows BitLocker makes use of the drive’s hardware encryption. Ed: Because this is Windows closed-source, we are unfortunately even less sure of what’s happening behind the scenes. It’s an interesting development nonetheless. Great 2012 overview paper, titled Hardware-based Full Disk Encryption (In)Security Survey, by Tilo Muller, Tobias Latzo, and Felix C. Freiling. Also see the accompanying website with demonstration videos. Updates 2015-02-11: Added link to my msed, PBA and Opal post. 2014-07-02: Updated with AnandTech Opal 2.0 Windows eDrive Crucial M500 article submitted by Vincent Tenniglo. 2013-02-08: Updated with confirmation by Intel tech support concerning the Intel 520. 2013-01-15: Updated link to Muller et al. overview paper. 2012-12-23: Added the Samsung PM830 to the “perhaps” list (thank you Pieter Kitslaar), and linked to great hardware-based full disk encryption overview paper. Share this: Twitter Reddit LinkedIn Facebook Google Email More Pinterest Tumblr Print Related posts: Adding the ATA Security eXtension BIOS to AMIBIOS (Asus P5KC) Posted on December 22, 2012February 11, 2015Author cpbothaCategories all, featuredTags aes, agility, built-in, encryption, fde, hardware, intel 520, luks, OCZ, samsung 840 Pro, security, sed, ssd, truecrypt, vertex 226 thoughts on “SSDs with usable built-in hardware-based full disk encryption” Pieter Kitslaar says: December 23, 2012 at 22:45 I recently got a new Dell Latitude 6530 laptop which has a Samsung PM830 SSD. This also supports AES 256-bit encryption. According to http://joeraff.org/20120704/software-encrypted-ssd-performance-a-surprising-outcome/ it does use the HDD password but only supports 8 character MAX which is not that great. But I think you could add it next to the 840 in the list. Reply cpbotha says: December 23, 2012 at 23:43 Pieter, thanks for popping by! As I understood, the consumer 830 does not expose encryption to the user. Some OEM versions, like the one in your Dell, reportedly do. That blog (I fixed your link) is a bit thin on sources. I did some more searching and found this: http://www.dell.com/support/drivers/us/en/19/DriverDetails?driverId=F76F0 Is the 830 in your Dell also a “Samsung PM830 256GB FDE 7MM”? The FDE in there = full disk encryption. It also seems the PM830 (vs just the “830) is the professional version only found in OEM products. I think I can add this specific model to the “PERHAPS” list. Please do keep me up to date if you run into more details as to the link between ATA password and the AES keys, as well as the 8-character limit. Reply data says: February 14, 2013 at 18:20 I am currently evaluating this as well, and it seems that at least mainboards from intel and asrock have the same 8 character limit. I am left wondering if this enables brute force attacks, as this really depends on drive behavior. Old drives used to be restarted every 5 tries, which made brute forcing even for the shorter password pretty much prohibitively expensive. But many drives also had backdoors and master passwords, and I am not really comfortable with this idea. The 8 character limit might stem from the fact that the maximum length for an ATA password is 32 bytes, which might fit depending on the encoding and localization. On the other hand, 8 characters is just the old unix limit which has been dragging security down in many places just because it always was so, and we all know that BIOS development isn’t really on the forefront of anything. Reply Peter says: February 15, 2013 at 10:38 Any chance you can confirm or not on the 520’s: 1: A TPM chip is NOT required period for this to work. The TCG OPAL standard states it not in the FAQ (http://www.trustedcomputinggroup.org/files/static_page_files/B1105605-1D09-3519-AD6FD7F6056B2309/Opal_SSC_FAQ_final_Jan_27_4_.pdf) but would love it confirmed before I spend money AS Intel never stated, far as I can tell, these are officially Opal compliant. 2: Happen to know if Intel plans to fix the controller? I.e. is it a hardware failure or something they can fix in the future via a firmware update. Reply cpbotha says: March 9, 2013 at 12:25 1. It does NOT require a TPM chip. I am running the Intel 520 with encryption on a board without any TPM. 2. What do you mean by “fix the controller”? If you’re referring to the AES-128 instead of AES-256 support, probably not. Reply Geoff says: March 3, 2013 at 19:37 One BIG question concerning any/all of these drives having usable crypto built-in: At what point are the keys used to encrypt/decrypt the actual drive generated? I understand the details of encrypting those keys by way of an HDD password, but I wonder, what is generating the actual keys in the first place? Can the consumer do anything to change those keys? What algorithm is used to generate the keys? How is it seeded? Exactly what algorithm is used to hash the keys? According to a post at AandDTech, someone spoke with Samsung who stated that the 840 Pro requires a bios capable of setting an HDD password AND contains a TPM chip. If that’s true, then people having systems without a TPM will be lulled into believing that they have locked-down their drive by setting an HDD password. You also pointed out the need for a bios that supports 32 character passwords — yet another major detail that the drive manufacturers don’t specify. I assume that the process of manufacturing the drive includes generating keys that it will use. Is there a way to change those keys before you use the drive for the first time? If not, then isn’t it possible that a record of each drive’s serial number and its key exists somewhere? Any reasonable documentation that outlines how *anything* implements crypto technology begins with an explanation of how the underlying key(s) in play are generated. PGP, TruCrypt, and MSFT Bitlocker all document very thoroughly details concerning what/how/when keys are generated, the exact algorithms used to encrypt those keys, where the keys are stored, and the protocols for decrypting those keys. The complete lack of documentation regarding the self-encryping drive’s crypto technology makes the security of those drives highly questionable. Finally, I think its noteworthy that modern processors all have hardware encryption/decryption built-into the chips themselves, so there won’t be any major performance benefit of using a self-encrypting drive in a system using something like an Intel i7 chip. In the little bit of testing I have done on a box containing an i7 chip, I have seen very little perf. degradation by turning-on Bitlocker with 128 bit AES encryption. I like the idea that a self-encrypting drive is going to be immune to O/S pre-boot holes. Self-encrypting drives also don’t come with the headaches associated with backing up and restoring systems using software encryption. These are major benefits. Its really too bad that the technology in self-encrypting drives is so dubious. Reply cpbotha says: March 4, 2013 at 09:20 1. When you do a secure erase (recommended when starting with a new SSD), the firmware generates a new random encryption key. This is one of the reasons for implementing hardware-based AES encryption: fast secure erase! 2. The performance impact of third-party software encryption on SSD drives is significant. This is not due to the CPU needing more time (you’re right that AES-NI helps here), but due to the way modern SSDs store your data. Encrypting the data in software beforehand negates a whole bunch of optimizations in the SSD, leading to severe performance degradation. Reply Geoff says: March 6, 2013 at 18:40 Thank you for the response. I’m wondering if you would elaborate on your statement that 3rd party FDD software causes a significant perf. hit due to the way modern SSD’s store data. It seems to me that one stream of bits is just as good (or bad) as any other. Whether the bits were previously encrypted by software or not is entirely transparent to the SSD controller, so should not affect in any way how an SSD stores those bits. All the SSD controller knows is that the O.S. has given it a stream of bits with an instruction to serialize them to its storage medium. It shouldn’t know or care where those bits were before they arrived at the SSD. No matter what went-on during their prior journey, all bits are entitled to the same love and equal treatment under the laws set forth in the firmware code. The processes, procedures, and optimizations it undertakes should be the same on the bits, whether encrypted or not. Am I wrong? Reply cpbotha says: March 7, 2013 at 21:18 You are wrong. 🙂 Many modern SSDs use on-the-fly compression to improve performance. Not only the well-known Sandforce controllers do this, also many of the custom firmware designs. Encrypting the data beforehand makes it significantly less compressible. Read this answer on superuser.com for more this and more problems with compressing SSDs + third party encryption: http://superuser.com/a/358137/130835 Even with the Crucial m4, which does not compress data on the fly, third party encryption still has a significant effect: http://www.ausgamers.com/forums/general/thread.php/3236998#post3237039 (the poster claims it’s not a problem, but looking at the measurements, that’s a huge hit) The bottom-line is that SSDs use all kinds of tricks (modern ones have multiple processors on the drive!) to increase performance and increase the lifetime of the drive. Your logic that all types of data should be the same in the eyes of the drive does not hold anymore. 🙂 Reply Flo says: October 16, 2013 at 14:47 I asked Samsung support about the requirement of a TPM chip for the SSD 840 EVO. The answer was, that an TPM chip is NOT required for the encryption to work. The only requirement is , that the bios is able to set / pass the password to the ssd controller. By the way, not only the unknown implementation of the encryption in the ssd hardware is a potential security risk, but also using the Bios functions for setting the HDD password. For example, I figured out that my DELL E6400 sets only the ATA-User-Password to the password that I provided, but sets a second so-called ATA-Master-Password to a unknown “dell secret”. This means, DELL would probably be able to unlock the drive or a script kiddy that could find a DELL HDD keygenerator online… Solution for this is as follows: Don’t use any Bios functions to set HDD Passwords, do it directly with HDPARM tool in e.g. Parted Magic. Reply JohnS says: October 31, 2013 at 23:15 Not to worry. The Master password (which is generally fixed in the BIOS, you can’t set it) has two modes. One is that it simply acts as a second password. This is really stupid since, as you observed, only a zillion people probably know it. There goes any security you were trying to achieve. The other mode only allows the Master password to be used to reset the drive, effectively wiping any data on it. Should you forget your password (or someone steals it), this mode doesn’t allow you to recover the data, but you can recover the drive and start over. Note: Any password you set with a tool like HDPARM can be read by anyone else. This varies per drive vendor, but I understand that most do store it only as a hash. If so, and if you use a REALLY GOOD password, then you are OK. By “really good” I mean something very random, uppercase/lowercase/numbers, and 16+ characters long. If your drive stores the plaintext password then forget it. If you use a poor password just realize that the person with your drive isn’t going to be limited to 5 tries a second or anything like that. They will copy the hashed password to their machine and attempt to crack it at full speed. There are even web services, running multiple machines, who offer to do it. So you want at least 100 or 128 bits of entropy. Reply JohnS says: October 31, 2013 at 23:22 P.S. Don’t think that a simple password, once hashed, is secure just because the hash used is a good one. Yes, trying to “undo” the hash is near impossible but that isn’t what the thief is going to do. He will probably use one of the standard cracking programs to try dictionary words, then a brute force attack. So it won’t matter how good the hash algorithm used is. When he tries “p@ssw0rd” and it matches what you used, he will get the same resulting hash and now he knows your password. Reply AR says: March 7, 2013 at 21:42 Handy article, thank you. Here’s another candidate: Kingston V200+ probably counts as ‘perhaps usable’. I’ve got one for my laptop so I have reasonable confidence that client data is safe in case of theft, loss etc; encryption enabled through ATA password mechanism. It’s apparently Sandforce based, and probably does AES-128 encryption. I don’t know the detail of the implementation though. One reference to the encryption here, http://news.softpedia.com/news/Kingston-SSDNow-V-200-and-KC100-Affected-by-Encryption-Flaw-275237.shtml and Kingston’s own page on the drive, http://www.kingston.com/en/ssd/vplus#svp200s3 Reply cpbotha says: March 9, 2013 at 12:29 Can you find any more information, for example in the manual that you got with the drive, or from tech support? The two links are very thin on information… All Sandforce conroller drives encrypt, the question is how exacly they use your ATA password. Ideally, it should be used to encrypt the randomly generated keys. I simply logged a support ticket with Intel, and after some weeks finally got a clear answer confirming this for the Intel 520. Would you be interested to try something similar for the Kingston? They need to answer YES or NO to the following questions: 1. Does the V200+ encrypt its AES keys with the ATA password? 2. Is the ATA password stored as a non-reversible hash on the firmware? Would be great to add the drive to the top list, and not the “maybe” list. 🙂 Reply Geoff says: March 8, 2013 at 21:21 Thanks again for the reply. I understand the issues surrounding encryption and compression, and see what you mean there. Encrypted files are frequently larger than their decrypted counterparts. There are also tricks for encrypting text that can’t be used on encrypted text. So, I can see how 3rd party FDD encryption could have the effect of reducing a drive’s overall capacity, and arguably their lifetimes. I’m not sold on the idea that 3rd party crypto software *necessarily* causes performance degradation, at least not when running on a processor having dedicated crypto logic. Obviously, it also depends upon the drive too, so the trick here is to use drives that are not implementing a lot of compression. Don’t get me wrong: I would prefer to use a self-encrypting drive for the reasons I originally stated — I am puzzled by the fact that the manufacturers publish NOTHING about their encryption technology; not even a user’s guide. I’m using a Samsung 830 with Bitlocker 128 bit AES. The various benchmarking tools I have used on it reveal that the drive performs almost exactly according to Samsung’s published specifications. That does not prove that Bitlocker is not a drag, but it implies that it is not a significant factor in limiting the drive’s performance. When I get around to it, I will decrypt the drive and publish before and after results. From what I see now, I will be very surprised if there is much perf. improvement once the drive is decrypted. Reply AnthonyNYC says: March 9, 2013 at 04:47 Hi Guys, I think the reason True Crypt (and BitLock also might fit in the same category)doesn’t recommend using software based encryption on SSD’s isn’t so much because of compression issues or even a speed hit, it’s more a problem for the wear leveling firmware used onboard SSD drives. The way i see it, when you write some data to an SSD the firmware spreads it around evenly on different NAND chips and tries to use them all evenly so as the name implies, the NANDS wear out evenly, thus getting the longest life possible out of the NAND chips limited write span. BUT software like TrueCrypt write random data to the entire drive so that someone can’t differential between encrypted data and empty drive space, see? As far as someone reading the drive, the entire drive is full of the same encrypted data. SSD’s would wear out very quickly with such a data handling scheme bypassing their internal data wear leveling tricks. If all the data on every bit of NAND looks exactly the same (random bits)then the internal firmware can’t do its job of balancing the data over less used empty spaces. So basically encrypting the entire SSD is like wearing out every single bit of NAND memory all at once. Totally defeating any chance of wear leveling firmware to properly extend the life of the NAND chips, and i would think extremly shortening the life of the SSD. That’s why I think the internal encryption handled by the ssd’s own firmware is ideal and secure the problem is there are hardly any motherboards with HDD password Lock capability. I wish even an add in SATA controller card would be sold with HDD Password feature enabled in the cards own BIOS which would allow SSD’s to be password locked before the motherboards BIOS even gets to detect the drives. That’s what I am hoping to find in the future. Thanks for this page, it’s helpful! Regards all, AnthonyNYC Reply cpbotha says: March 9, 2013 at 12:21 Thanks for stopping by! The effect of third party encryption on the SSD wear-leveling is certainly also an issue. I think we all agree that hardware-based FDE is to be preferred, but that we need more transparency from the SSD manufacturers, and that we need better support from the motherboard makers. As you will have seen elsewhere on this blog, the ATASX BIOS extension to a certain extent alleviates the motherboard-support problem, but it’s still not ideal. Reply Raco says: May 23, 2013 at 13:50 Actually, the best reason not to use software-based encryption on SSD’s is security: http://www.truecrypt.org/docs/?s=trim-operation But I guess that it is still more secure than obscure hardware encryption that we know nothing about. Reply cpbotha says: May 23, 2013 at 15:51 So when did you last compile the truecrypt source code yourself? Most people just use the binaries. There’s not much difference between using the truecrypt binaries as they are made available on the website, or an “obscure hardware encryption that we know nothing about”. 🙂 Reply Raco says: May 23, 2013 at 16:33 There’s a lot of difference. TrueCrypt is not safe if: – the makers of TrueCrypt lied (ie they put a hidden backdoor in it) – the makers of TrueCrypt are bad programmers (ie some unintentional bug creates a security flaw) Your SSD is not safe if: – same conditions as above (ie hidden backdoor or unintentional bug) plus – the security model of the SSD is bad The security model of TrueCrypt is entirely known. You don’t even need to read the source to know it. The same is not true of the security model of your SSD. The manufacturer of your SSD may have decided to use strong AES-256 encryption… but with a pre-defined encryption key that is stored without encryption inside the SSD, which is just used when the user sets a HDD password in the BIOS. It is not a bug (because it’s designed to work this way), it is not a lie (because the data are actually encrypted with AES-256). It’s just a flawed design. With TrueCrypt, a flawed design would be obvious and the software would quickly get a bad reputation. If your SSD has a flawed design, then you may never know it. By the way, I don’t trust TrueCrypt, I would rather trust dm-crypt/LUKS. Reply cpbotha says: May 24, 2013 at 08:11 I agree with you that having fully open implementations would be ideal. On all my non-SSDs I run dm-crypt. However, the performance hit + security problems on SSDs are too much. In the absence of an open implementation, I’ll settle for certification (FIPS 197, etc.) and explicit and clear documentation by the drive maker. The Intel 520 comes close (FIPS197, documentation to be found, just not very obvious). This blog post is an attempt to improve the current situation somewhat. You have no choice: In the future the market is going to be flooded by SSDs, the good ones will have usable encryption. Eventually you will have to start trusting your drive maker, just like you trust now the maker of your motherboard, its bios and its firmware not to log your keystrokes, or all of your encryption keys that have to live in an unencrypted state in your network-connected computer’s RAM. 🙂 Reply Joey says: April 24, 2013 at 00:25 I took your advice to a previous comment that the two main questions which SSD drive company support teams need to answer are: 1. Does the encrypt its AES keys with the ATA password? 2. Is the ATA password stored as a non-reversible hash on the firmware? I asked this question to OCZ support in regards to their OCZ Vector 256GB device as this drive received the highest performance marks on Tom’s Hardware. Below is a copy/paste of their reply. Do you think this is sufficient to conclude the hardware level encryption was properly implemented on the OCZ Vector drive? If not, are there other questions I should direct to OCZ support? Thanks for the great and detailed blog posting!! Comment by Eric Von Stwolinski from OCZ Support. “The drive does support 256-bit AES. It is enabled by setting an ATA level password. Once a password is set the drive is completely inaccessible until the password is provided. There is no master password for the drive or any way to access the drive other than to supply the correct password once it is enabled.” Reply cpbotha says: April 24, 2013 at 11:09 I’m very happy that you took time to contact OCZ tech support! Unfortunately they somehow always manage to evade the very direct questions that we ask, which makes one wonder. He unfortunately has not answered the very simple question (I’ve improved the phrasing somewhat): “Is the AES key, that is used to encrypt the data on the drive, encrypted using the ATA password?” With previous OCZ drives, OCZ explicitly said that this was NOT the case. Having drive firmware that refuses to decrypt without the ATA password having been supplied is one thing. Encrypting the AES key WITH the ATA password is another, and is preferable. In the former case, it is STILL possible for the manufacturer to retrieve the AES key from the firmware, in the latter they need your ATA password. Do you think you could reply to his answer using my rephrased question above? I would love to add another drive to the list! Thanks again, Charl Reply Joey says: April 25, 2013 at 02:00 I copy/pasted your question and received the following reply, “It uses AES encryption, but this feature is enabled and used by setting the ATA password on the drive. If no ATA password is on the drive then the AES encryption is inactive. Only when an ATA password is applied to the drive is the AES encryption used.”. I’ve now replied back saying the following. “Unfortunately, your last response doesn’t directly answer my question. I’ll repeat and rephrase my question. Thanks for your assistance in clarifying this important point for me. Repeat: ‘Is the AES key, that is used to encrypt the data on the drive, encrypted using the ATA password?’ Rephrase: I understand that the AES encryption is only activated once the ATA password has been applied. My question is about how the ATA password is applied in relation to specifically the AES encryption key. AES encryption requires a key to encrypt and decrypt the data. The handling of this AES key is the focus of my question. Is the AES key itself encrypted using the ATA password?” What do you think? Is there a better way to rephrase the question? I hope I understand what you’re trying to have me clarify and that my rephrase gets to the core of the issue. My concern with this 2nd reply is that I thought AES encryption was always active as this is how the SSD drive easily formats/erases the data, by deleting the AES key used to encrypt the data. Apparently either I’ve misunderstood something or the response isn’t very clear/incorrect. Thanks again for your feedback and assistance! Reply Joey says: April 26, 2013 at 12:56 OCZ replied, “The ATA password is the AES key. The key for AES is enabled, disabled, or set using the ATA level password function. If an ATA password is set then AES is enabled, and the key to unlock the drive is the ATA password. This means the ATA password must be provided every time you want to access the drive or if you want to change/disable the password. Any attempt to access the drive without providing the ATA password would require getting through AES 256 bit, which isn’t possible to do with currently existing computers.” The ATA password is the AES key? Is this sufficient to add the drive to your list as properly implementing full disk encryption? Reply cpbotha says: April 27, 2013 at 14:19 You’ve done a sterling job of formulating very clearly the question. If we can believe the OCZ representative, it is starting to sound like they did it correctly. If we can take his answer literally, they’re using your ATA password (maximum length 32 characters according to the BIOS spec) directly as the AES-256 keys (256 bit = 32 bytes). I’m going to add the drive to the list, with a pointer to your comments here. Thank you very much for taking the time to get to the bottom of this. If OCZ has any official documentation further corroborating this fact, please feel free to let me know here in the comments! (I do share your doubts with regard to the fast erase by changing the AES keys. I’ll add this to the blog body.) Reply data says: April 29, 2013 at 08:29 I really don’t believe that that representative knows what he is talking about. Otherwise, it wouldn’t be possible to change the HDD password without either rewriting all of the data or permanently losing it. Reply btn says: May 5, 2014 at 18:15 Indeed! I believe that the only way that it can work is that it encrypts data all the time with preset key, probably unique for the device, but unless HDD password is set, those keys aren’t encrypted. Setting HDD password should encrypt the key. Reply Jul says: April 24, 2013 at 11:45 I came accross your website while looking for information on the M5 from Plextor, and then came accross one of their blog. Basically it seems that they use ATA password: The AES key is generated by the SSD controller. To fully secure your data, you will want to set the ATA password on the computer you are using the drive with. Access to the AES key is then not possible without the ATA password. If you don’t set the ATA password, the AES key is accessible; meaning the data on the SSD can be decrypted. Reply cpbotha says: April 24, 2013 at 11:52 I read through that comment. The Plextor representative still does not state whether the AES key is encrypted with the ATA password, and that’s a crucial point. I have just left behind a comment on that blog asking for clarification. Let’s see! Reply data says: April 24, 2013 at 12:06 Was writing just the same when you posted yours 🙂 Reply Matti H says: April 27, 2013 at 13:48 Just bought&installed Intel 520 SSD. I made the decision after reading your blog. Full-disk encryption was a critical factor for me. Thank you for taking the time to look up the specs, too bad the manufacturers do not make this information readily available! Reply cpbotha says: April 27, 2013 at 14:13 Awesome, thank you very much for stopping by to comment! Reply Joey says: May 1, 2013 at 03:45 Seems the prior comments and replies hit the limit of depth and no further replies are allowed. I asked both questions proposed cpbotha and data. My questions and the OCZ tech replies below. Let me know if there is anything else I should ask or if we know enough to be certain? Tech, Eric Von Stwolinski: “The notes about AES support are just on the product page for the Vector drive: http://ocz.com/consumer/vector-7mm-sata-3-ssd” My reply: “Hi Eric, I have two follow-up questions. I do appreciate your assistance is sorting the AES encryption on the OCZ Vector SSD! 1) The product detail page you linked is very vague only saying, “256-bit AES-compliant, ATA Security Mode Features”. Is there a more detailed public resource that provides the same level of detail you’ve provided regarding the AES encryption key and relation with the ATA password? 2) Regarding your previous comment two responses ago, “The ATA password is the AES key.” If this is true, then changing the ATA password will change the AES key, since they are the same. The current data on the OCZ Vector SSD, which was encrypted with the prior key, can’t be decrypted with the new/changed key, rending the current data unreadable? To summarize, you’re saying if the ATA password is changed, the current data on the OCZ Vector SSD is lost?” Tech, Eric Von Stwolinski: “We have no further documentation about the drive’s security features. This is only a consumer grade drive. Our enterprise grade drives have much more documentation available. If you are looking for a high security drive I strongly recommend looking into an enterprise grade drive. If you wish to destroy all information on the drive forever, that can be done using the secure erase function in the toolbox utility. This is the only way to reset and wipe the drive. A secure erased drive is not recoverable by any means.” My reply: “Hi Eric, Thanks for clarifying the documentation. I’m still not clear on my previous follow-up question. I’ll rephrase and attempt to clarify. Is it true that changing the ATA password will render the data on the drive unreadable or inaccessible? This is based on your comment that the “ATA password is the AES key”. If this is true, changing the ATA password would change the AES key. Without the previous AES key (previous ATA password) that the data was encrypted with, the drive can’t decrypted the stored data. Can you confirm that changing the ATA password makes all data, prior to the ATA password change, on the drive unreadable or inaccessible?” Tech, Eric Von Stwolinski: “Changing or removing a password will not wipe out all information on the drive. That can only be done by a secure erase using the toolbox. Forgetting a password will render the drive inaccessible and all data is lost, but merely changing or removing the password (which requires that the correct password is first supplied) will not destroy any information on the drive.” Reply Simon says: May 2, 2013 at 15:46 Hi, A very interesting read! If anyone has time please could they answer the following: I’d like to install a new Samsung 840 Pro SSD in my laptop and wondered what order I should do things in. Is the following correct? 1. Set a HDD password 2. Securely erase the SSD drive 3. Install the OS My laptop supports TPM and I’m wondering what advantages, if any this will offer to me? Thanks Simon Reply Ixion says: May 14, 2013 at 12:20 This page provides some valuable information on SED implementations on current SSD drives. However another big problem seems to me to be the support for ATA passwords within the motherboards from major brands. A lot do not support this Feature! Many people who buy the drives you describe can therefore never use the encryption function because their motherboard does not support the method to set the drive encryption. Almost all ASUS, MSI, Gigabyte etc motherboards do not support this feature. Reply cpbotha says: May 14, 2013 at 12:27 That is indeed a good point. See my other blog post on patching your BIOS for ATA security support: http://vxlabs.com/2012/11/28/adding-the-ata-security-extension-bios-to-amibios/ (atasx can be patched into many more different types of BIOSes) On my new laptop this was not possible, so I boot with a usb stick, unlock the HDD, then soft boot into it (at least until I get time to build a better solution): http://vxlabs.com/2013/03/24/acer-v3-571g-fullhd-ips-superb-priceperformance-linux-development-laptop/ Reply Raco says: May 23, 2013 at 13:39 This is not as conclusive as I’d like, but there is an implication that there’s a link between the HDD password and the encryption on the Samsung Yes, the implication is the following: choose an HDD password and the encryption system will be activated. That’s all, it does not imply at all that the encryption key is derived from the HDD password. On the product page the graphic shows quite clearly that ata passwords are related to encryption keys, but it does not specify in which way these are linked The graphic shows that there is a user password + a master password. Does it mean that the manufacturer has a master password that can bypass the user password? Reply cpbotha says: May 24, 2013 at 08:12 That drive is in the “perhaps” list for a reason. Reply Heather says: June 7, 2013 at 23:50 There are only 3 SSDs with encryption enabled beyond a simple ATA password (TCG OPAL). Certain versions of the Samsung PM830. Specific versions of the Micron (but not Crucial) C400 drive, specifically marked SED. And every Crucial/Micron M500 drive, with OPAL 2.0. If you have this drive, a UEFI BIOS, preferably TPM and Windows 8, Bitlocker can manage the OPAL directly. This is a very recent development. Reply JB says: July 9, 2013 at 08:38 Thank you so much for this thorough, thoughtful research. I wish I had found this just a few days earlier! I was so excited to get this massive and well-rated 500GB Samsung 840 (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B009NHAFEC/ref=ox_sc_imb_mini_detail?ie=UTF8&smid=ATVPDKIKX0DER) for about $350 total. I’ve never had an SSD, and I’ve been eager to see how fast it really is. I was just looking online at the best way to transfer over my full-disk-encrypted (TrueCrypt) when I saw all the warnings about wear leveling, couldn’t find anything substantial about Samsung’s marketing about AES 256-bit encryption, and went from excited to totally disheartened when I read this article and comments. It sunk in: if I switch over to this SSD, I may never be sure that my data is truly (as you say, “usably”) secure. That’s vital to me, because my work in healthcare absolutely requires (truly secure) encryption of the information I document…. So in light of your really helpful investigation here and the 840’s subsequently questionable security status, I think I’m about to return it to Amazon and go for a smaller but verifiably secure 240GB Intel 520 (http://www.amazon.com/Intel-Series-Solid-State-Drive-2-5-Inch/dp/B006VCP90C) for about $270 total. I’ll happily give up the luxury of keeping worlds of music etc. on this drive in exchange for so much more confidence that my data is truly secure. Anyway, just reporting in, so that 1) you know how grateful I am for the good information you hunted down (and did or did not find) and 2) if there’s any new development about the Samsung 840, you can let me know on here (and maybe I can “enjoy” a second wave of regret, if you end up moving it to the “usable” category after all!!). Many thanks! Reply cpbotha says: July 9, 2013 at 09:22 I really appreciate you dropping by! The link you posted is the Samsung 840. Only the Samsung 840 Pro has exposed and usable self-encryption for about a $100 more (it’s also much faster than the 840 straight). Samsung’s own documentation is unfortunately also very vague on the matter, but one of our readers, who bought a 840 straight, has confirmed this difference. Reply JB says: July 9, 2013 at 09:48 Thanks for the reply, and so quick! So it sounds like you’re saying that the Samsung 840 Pro (I don’t mean to favor Amazon, but http://www.amazon.com/Samsung-Electronics-2-5-Inch-SATA_6_0_gb-MZ-7PD512BW/dp/B009NB8WTI) is basically in the USABLE category now? Would you still say the Intel is more secure (e.g., in light of the FIPS-197 compliance)? If not, maybe I’ll spring for the big Samsung 840 Pro after all. (Tangential issue becomes the form factor: I’m on a Dell Latitude E6500, built for 9.5mm hard-drive height. These Samsung SSDs come in “ultraslim” 7mm. The 840 “straight” has versions that come with an adapter, but I’m surprised that I can’t find an 840 Pro version that comes with such an “installation kit.” Maybe there’s some other way of getting the 7mm drive to fit snug in the 9.5mm bay, or maybe not and that’s another factor for your readers to consider: usable built-in hardware-based full-disk encryption in a height that fits their setup. I dunno.) And I’m yet more amazed and thankful for your thinking this through with me/us. It’s really generous. Thank you! Reply Raco says: July 9, 2013 at 11:09 JB, I have a Samsung 840 Pro, and I don’t use hardware encryption because the amount of information provided by Samsung is ridiculous. I read that the drive requires a TPM module to activate encryption (see the comment by “Geoff” on this page). If this is true, let’s say you don’t have this module, you enable the ATA password, and you think that your data are protected, while they’re not. I think that the drive actually always encrypts its content (so the ATA secure erase is fast and does not require to write to every cell, reducing wear), but we don’t know how the encryption key is stored. Is it stored unencrypted ? Unencrypted only when no ATA password is defined? Is it defined in factory? Derived from the ATA password? If so, is the key derivation function known to be secure? Unless you have answers to those questions, you can consider that your data are not encrypted, even if they are. I don’t know about FIPS-197, but I’d be careful about it, if I were you. If I understand correctly, FIPS-197 just mean that the device uses AES, which is not enough (AES encrypted data is useless if the encryption key is stored unencrypted inside the drive). What you want is probably FIPS 140-2. The Samsung PM810 SSD is FIPS 140-2 certified. FIPS 140-2 validation goes well beyond simply testing the cryptographic algorithms—such as AES, random number generation, digital signature, and hashing—into testing the overall security strength, tamper resistance, and risk aversion within the identified secure boundary of the drive But still, I wouldn’t be surprised if a device could be FIPS 140-2 certified, but does not provide a way for the user to know if the encryption is really activated or not (what I said about the TPM module). That’s why I use software encryption (LUKS/dm-crypt). It is quite fast, and some CPUs (Intel Core i5 and above) have hardware acceleration for AES encryption. It is not FIPS certified, but I trust it more than anything that comes from Samsung, Intel, and others. Reply JB says: July 10, 2013 at 04:43 Hi Raco, Thanks for all the wisdom and trying to think this through together! I’m with you: so, so frustrating that manufacturers don’t just come out with this info more clearly. I especially appreciate your lead into FIPS 140-2 and the Samsung PM810. I found a corroborating press release from Samsung celebrating that rating and calling it a first for SSDs (http://www.samsung.com/us/news/20050). (It also seems like that same PM810 model is also known as the 470 Series.) You also bring up the possibility that a processor could be especially equipped to do AES without it dragging everything down too slow, in which case one could work around all this hardware-encryption mystery and shortcoming by just going with software, like you’re doing. But no, I can’t 🙁 My processor’s a P9500, not on this list at Intel (http://ark.intel.com/search/advanced/?s=t&AESTech=true) of AES-New Instructions processors. So looks like going with the Intel 520. Or just saying “uncle” and waiting to see if this market improves (i.e., becomes more transparent and with moresome more clearly secure hardware encryption). Anyway, just emailed Samsung too, just to see if they can give any more info. Sorry if this is like spewing too much or old news into the forum. I hope I don’t bring down the quality at all; this has been a really, really helpful thread. Thanks, JB Reply JB says: July 13, 2013 at 07:47 Hi folks. I emailed with Samsung a bit this week, asking them the questions given above about a) the precise relationship between the ATA password and the AES keys and b) where the ATA password is then stored on the firmware. Similar to the above discussion involving OCZ, I don’t think I got the direct answer I was looking for. But here’s what they said, for what it’s worth: “The 840 Pro SSDs support AES 256 full disk encryption which means that if your computer has the ability to create a password from BIOS to lock the entire drive the SSD will support it. This password is entered at the hardware level. If you set the password then move the SSD to another machine the SSD will remain locked. You will only be able to unlock the SSD if it is connected to the machine where you set the password from inside BIOS.” Also/later: “The ATA password is itself encrypted. The ATA password is non reversible but is [sic] can be erased using a secure erase.” Does this affect the verdict on Samsung 840 Pro? Are we saying usable or still unsure? Thanks, all. JB Reply Raco says: July 13, 2013 at 12:53 Thanks JB, this is interesting. Samsung said “You will only be able to unlock the SSD if it is connected to the machine where you set the password from inside BIOS“. The question is: how does the disk know that it has been installed in another computer? This may indicate that the SSD requires a TPM module. I wouldn’t be surprised if, as I said in a previous comment, the absence of the TPM module would not trigger any notification of any kind, letting the user think that the setup is secure because he entered an ATA password, while in reality only the basic ATA protection is activated. Also, even if you have a TPM module, does a failure of your motherboard mean that your data are lost forever? I’m no encryption specialist, but in my opinion, the best way to provide hardware encryption would be to accept an ATA password but to not store it, even in a non-reversible form. The disk would not really implement protection at the ATA level (which we don’t care about as the whole disk is encrypted), but it would derive an encryption key from the ATA password given by the user (with some key derivation function as PBKDF2). This encryption key would be used to encrypt another encryption key, which in turn would be used to actually encrypt the data on the SSD. That way, you can change your ATA password without re-encrypting everything on the disk. And because the ATA password is not stored in any form, it won’t be breaked (unless PBKDF2 has a flaw). SSD manufacturers don’t tell how they store the ATA password. Samsung says “non-reversible”, but non-reversible does not mean secure at all. f(password) = ‘a’ is a totally non-reversible hash function, but it is not secure at all (as any password would grant access). If the ATA password is stored in MD5, then the security of the disk is as weak as MD5, while it should be as weak as AES. Reply JB says: July 14, 2013 at 15:59 Raco, thanks for the reply. Yes, I see the connection between those earlier thoughts about TPM and this response from Samsung. I have a TPM, so maybe I would go for it—but no, especially in light of what you say, there are still too many question marks I think 🙁 So I just ordered the Intel 520. Thanks for all the guidance, folks. It’ll be interesting to see how this all plays out, if companies come out with more info on their process, if they go to the more secure processes you’re describing. I’ll keep following this thread. Again, thanks everyone for the thorough research and discussion! Reply Flo says: October 16, 2013 at 14:56 Samsung support replied to me, that a TPM is not required for the encryption of the SSD (840 EVO) to work. Only requirement is, that the Bios can pass a Password to the SSD controller. Furthermore, they said, if the Bios is using TPM for this procedure, you might have the additional protection that the drive cannot be unlocked in a different computer. Also, from what I know and researched, not every Bios is passing the Password, which the user entered in the dialoge, in the same way to the disc controller. This would also implicit problems when moving the SSD to a different machine (example: Newest Dell E6400 bios passes the User password directly to the hdd controller, but older Dell bios from different system pass the keyboard scan codes to the controller). Reply JohnS says: October 31, 2013 at 23:04 I’m curious about what happens if you use TPM and your motherboard burns up. Does this mean that there is no way to use the drive on another machine? ATA Only: Yes, the BIOS might (probably?) mess with the password before sending it to the drive. A given vendor probably uses the same approach, but no guarantee. Thus, unless you have a twin machine, you might be up the creek if the motherboard burns us. Can you say “Backups”? 🙂 Opal Only: Since the PBA stores the password, and the BIOS isn’t involved, most of the vendors tell me that the drive can be moved. Good! Notice that I said “most”. You have to check because some say “no”. Reply btn says: May 5, 2014 at 18:28 I had already some similar experience. I have set HDD password for Samsung SSD 840 Pro. Later I have updated BIOS and the password stopped to work. Hard to say why exactly. I imagine that the HDD ASE key is encrypted using HDD password that is combined of password provided in BIOS and some Motherboard/BIOS key. There was similar case somewhere on the net, and AFAIR the solution there was to restore previous BIOS, which solved the problem. Unfortunatelly on my mo-bo it was impossible to revert this concrete BIOS version to previous one. Reply HikingMike says: July 19, 2013 at 22:23 My question is with the automatic encryption on every SSD, what happens if a user or a business has a disaster and the controller doesn’t work anymore? They may not have wanted encryption, but their important data is encrypted and now lost permanently I believe (if they didn’t have a working backup). Of course everyone should have a backup, but not everyone does, and not everyone has a working one – they don’t know it until they try to use it. This seems to remove one important avenue for disaster recovery without the user’s knowledge. They were never given the choice of which was more important between protection of their data from thieves or protection from more mundane accidental loss of their data. Of course this doesn’t affect SSD makers at all so they don’t care. “Secure data” sounds good to everyone, right? Reply cpbotha says: July 20, 2013 at 11:43 If that were to happen, and the encryption keys are lost, you lose your data. This is the way it has to be. For example, trying to protect users against themselves is the unfortunate reason that the maker of my laptop built a HDD password backdoor into the BIOS, and an extremely weak backdoor at that. (I have to work-around this by booting with a Linux USB, unlocking my encrypted HDD, and then soft-booting into my real Linux, all bypassing the BIOS) The requirement for a really secure encryption solution should be considered much more seriously than users who can’t be bothered to backup their data. Put differently: How safe would you sleep knowing that even if you were to forget your password or lose your encryption keys, it would still be possible for other interested parties to read and distribute all of your private data? The only thing the SSD _should_ be blamed for, is not being completely open about the encryption, how exactly it works and what exactly the risks are to the user. With this knowledge, people would be able to make a better purchase decision, whether they want to be sure that their data is securely encrypted or rather completely open (as you suggest). Reply HikingMike says: January 6, 2015 at 17:25 If that were to happen, and the encryption keys are lost, you lose your data. This is the way it has to be. That’s incorrect. That’s only the way it has to be for people who want to use encryption, and accept the chance of data loss because of it – and keep a backup of course. How safe would you sleep knowing that even if you were to forget your password or lose your encryption keys, it would still be possible for other interested parties to read and distribute all of your private data? I actually don’t have any issue like this and I suspect it’s the same for a large majority. Someone would have to steal one of my desktop computers or my wife’s laptop from our house most likely, and they’d have to care about our data enough to do something with it. And if it was encrypted, they’d need to be able to find the backdoor way around it. It’s possible, but it’s probably more likely that I’d have a device failure than it would be to have a theft by a thief that would find our most sensitive private data (not sure what) and distribute that. I value my privacy, but I’m not really storing state secrets. It would be different, particularly on the laptop, if I did have some very sensitive data or data that’s valuable to people other than myself. I agree about being open about the encryption. Consumers should know if they are losing the possibility for data recovery by the choice of which SSD they purchased, or was included in their computer or device. Guess what though? No SSD company wants to advertise that downside. They advertise the encryption. The consumer likely doesn’t know all of the consequences. I recently had a chance to speak with members of a university physics club and the professor about flash data storage and this topic came up. They all seemed surprised that the failure of a single controller chip (and not a data chip) on an SSD could cause complete data loss without any chance at data recovery, whether the user wanted to use encryption or not. I don’t know if I agree that the security requirement needs to be taken more seriously than users that don’t backup. Now of course if you want a secure device, or you are producing a secure device, you need to do it right. But, as any company, these companies need to make money. That is the company’s requirement. It depends on who they are targeting, but I have to guess that the consumer market for data storage is the biggest market for a lot of the SSD companies, and of course also the OEM computer makers. Now if you are making most of your money with those people, and then you tailor your device so it can meet the needs of a smaller group and still work ok for the rest of the market, except for an important difference that is a detriment to the larger market, then I see that as a problem. It’s almost an insidious problem to them as well. This problem is not openly disclosed to the consumer. It is only discovered when they lose their data. These are the people most likely to not have a backup. I’m not blaming the SSD, I’m blaming the lack of communication of the risks and the lack of choice. Now, offer both options, and be open about the encryption, and I am happy with that. Reply HikingMike says: July 22, 2013 at 16:28 Well I’m definitely a person that values my privacy but I probably value having my data more. I would prefer to have an out if I need it, and this is only accessible if you have physical possession of the device. If it was a work computer and there were sensitive trade secrets on it or something, then maybe I’d be worried about that more, or the company would be. With your example of the HDD password backdoor, I agree that is a terrible idea. If a user is setting a password and encrypting their HDD, then they have an expectation that is solid protection and the manufacturer has failed there. However in the situation of SSDs, the user didn’t do this. It’s not all or nothing. They don’t have to require every single device to encrypt all data. They haven’t in the past. They choose to probably for manufacturing efficiencies and the consumer doesn’t get the choice. “How safe would you sleep knowing that even if you were to forget your password or lose your encryption keys, it would still be possible for other interested parties to read and distribute all of your private data?” I’d sleep ok because I have the device, I don’t expect it to be stolen, and I’d rather be able to get my data if the device failed and I screwed up my backup than prevent bad guys from seeing it. Reply HikingMike says: July 22, 2013 at 16:32 Actually in the last part I should have included this – I never encrypted the device. It did that automatically as default behavior. If I chose to encrypt it then I would expect that it would be protected from bad guys reading it or from myself trying to fix my mistake of not backing up properly. However that’s not the situation. I didn’t choose to encrypt it. Reply AnthonyR. says: July 22, 2013 at 19:03 Hi Mike, I think I understand your concerns here but maybe I can help in a way. Traditional Hard Drives stored data in physical locations created magnetically around the disc like a record with grooves almost. So if the drive electronics were say to go bad, theoretically the data can still be read off the disc, and most can be re-created because of it being stored like that. But the way Solid State Drives function in general, data isn’t located in any particular spot for too long because the devices electronics are constantly shuffling it all around so any particular flash cells don’t wear out before they all get used up pretty much evenly. This is what is know as wear-leveling and the SSD firmware does this internally constantly. So basically, even if the data wasn’t encrypted at all in an SSD drive, if the onboard electronics (the controller and its allocation maps) where to die on you, then having someone try and read the data off the chips somehow directly and try and reassemble bits and bytes from all over the place, scrambled and shuffled around daily so that they can try and figure out what kind of file that originally was I believe would be next o impossible to begin with. Knowing this, your fear that it is the automatic internal security that will not allow your data to be retrieved is unfounded. Your data would basically be irretrievable anyway if stored on an SSD drive if the drives onboard circuitry went bad. It’s just the nature of the new technology. At least this is what I’ve read somewhere about SSD’s in general, it could be wrong, I am not positive. Having said that, if you never set an HDD Password using your BIOS settings, then if the computers electronics die, nothing happens to your data on the SSD. You can easily connect it to any other system and read the data back. Only setting a password would require the original hardware to be present. I hope this helps and makes sense. If you think you would sleep better at night because you think you might not have backed up all your data safely then perhaps using conventional magnetic disc storage will help you? SSD’s are in general prone to complete data loss if the electronics die, at least much more prone than conventional magnetic storage media I believe. Perhaps others can also give their opinions on that. Thanks AnthonyR Reply HikingMike says: July 23, 2013 at 18:11 I believe that data recovery companies and maybe computer forensics people can recover SSDs. A quick search and look around confirms it. I do know of the wear leveling used, and I imagine that makes it much more difficult to reassemble the data, but they can do it somehow. And even if they couldn’t reassemble the data, they would be able to see the blocks of data used in wear leveling and there would be some small file data in there that might be useful to someone. Anyway, wear leveling doesn’t kill all chances. I’m sure data recovery is an expensive option but it’s an option. “Having said that, if you never set an HDD Password using your BIOS settings, then if the computers electronics die, nothing happens to your data on the SSD.” Yes. It would have been pretty bad if you couldn’t move your working SSD from one computer to another without bricking it. But what if the controller electronics on the SSD dies and you have one of those that encrypts all data no matter what? Encryption key is gone and probably even data recovery companies have no chance. Well all of this is hypothetical discussion for me personally… I sleep fine at night 🙂 I have an SSD but I only have the OS installed to it and all my storage is on a hard disk. I also have a backup. I know that’s not the case for everyone though and I wanted to point out this effect of always encrypted SSDs. Reply LS1 says: July 27, 2013 at 21:57 Great write up! I’m a little curious about the verdict on the OCZ drives though where it is stated that ““The encryption key is not directly linked to the ATA Security password (or the BIOS password).” What exactly does that mean? That OCZ has a master password that could decrypt the drive and other than that “risk” it would be just as secure as the Intel drives? Thanks in advance! Reply cpbotha says: July 28, 2013 at 08:59 It means that, by definition, the drive is able to decrypt your data without your ATA password, which means that a sufficiently skilled hardware hacker is also able to do so. 🙂 Reply LS1 says: July 28, 2013 at 15:26 Interesting…now isn’t cracking the ATA password easy with just BIOS access much like cracking the BIOS power on/setup password? If so, then anyone wouldn’t need to be a “skilled hardware hacker’ beyond that point even on the Intel drives or am I missing smth? Reply cpbotha says: July 28, 2013 at 15:31 The better drives store a non-reversible hash of the password, so it’s absolutely not straight-forward. This purpose of this post was to classify good drives and bad drives, at least cryptographically speaking. The good ones 1. store a non-reversible hash of the ATA password and 2. encrypt the AES keys with the ATA password. In short, without the information in the user’s head, the drive is nothing more than an expensive brick. Reply Raco says: July 28, 2013 at 20:43 Don’t trust the Intel drives just because the ATA password is used to encrypt the AES key. We don’t even know what algorithm they use to encrypt the AES key. We don’t know what hash function they use to store the ATA password. We know almost nothing, so we should consider that their drives are not secure. Reply LS1 says: July 28, 2013 at 20:52 Couldn’t reply to Raco’s post for some reason but if Intel drives meet FIPS requirements, doesn’t that indicate some level of compliance with security standards? If not, what would you recommend as “secure” if anything?….thx Reply Raco says: July 29, 2013 at 13:47 LS1: Intel drives comply with FIPS-197, which means they use AES to encrypt the data and that AES itself is correctly implemented. But it means nothing about the way the encryption key is made from the ATA password (I’m no specialist, so I may be wrong). FIPS 140-2 is a better certification because it does not focus only on the encryption algorithm. Some Samsung and Seagate SSDs are FIPS 140-2 certified. The manufacturer I would trust the most is Seagate. They provide more information than the other manufacturers, and some of their drives don’t use the ATA password at all (but they are complicated to use because they require special software to boot your computer with). If you want to protect your data from some random guy who may steal your laptop when you fell asleep in the subway, then most self-encrypting drives will be fine. But if you fear industrial espionage, if you want to be certain that your data won’t ever be seen by anyone, then don’t use self-encrypting drives. Use software encryption, or use software encryption over hardware encryption (may sound overkill, but it’s probably a good option is you really want strong security). Keep in mind that I’m not a cryptography specialist, though. Reply JohnS says: August 9, 2013 at 11:45 I have a pair of Samsung 840’s, not the PRO model. The other day I looked into their SED capability. Both the Samsung website (main page describing the drive, near the bottonm) and their Tech Support confirm that they are SED, using 256 bit AES. Tech Support told me that the encryption is running all the time, regardless of an ATA password or not. They also told me that the ATA password is stored in the drive as a one-way hash. They did not know what hash algorithm was used. However, Tech Support told me that they are not OPAL compliant and do not support the Secure Erase function, nor is there any way to change the factory set encryption key. OPAL compliance is on the horizon, they said. This surprised me since Samsung is often mentioned on the TCG website as an OPAL supporter, and I found a Samsung tech note for a drive produced in 2011 claiming it was OPAL compliant. Samsung Tech Support was unable to point me to any documentation on the 840 drive other than the extremely skimpy “specifications” on the website. There is no manual for it. JB: I also have a Dell laptop. Mounting the “internal” drive was easy. Just screw it in. Everything lines up just fine. Mounting the “external” drive requires a work-around since gravity pull the drive down but it needs to be up. I simply put a small piece of folded cardboard in first. This was all it took to make the drive position itself correct to plug into the socket. Securing the rear end was then no problem also. Cpbotha: I doubt that these drives are “usable” by your definition. When I entered, and later changed, the ATA password via the BIOS the data previously on the drive was still available. Thus I would conclude that the key is used for encryption and it stayed the same. Dell Tech Support was uncertain about this, but the BIOS offered an optional feature when I set up the ATA password. If offered to erase the drive if the Recovery Password was used to change the ATA password, instead of the normal method which requires that you know the old password. This seems like a good idea to me, since anyone at Dell can generate the Recovery Password at will. Apparently it is based on the machine’s Service Tag or something like it which is unique to the machine. One thing I am unclear about: How secure is the ATA password? I read one article which said that there was a program which could attac the BIOS and remove it within seconds. Is this so? Reply JohnS says: August 9, 2013 at 11:50 Correction > Thus I would conclude that the key is used for encryption and it stayed the same. Should be: Thus I would conclude that only the key, and not the ATA password, is used for encrypting the disk’s data. Reply LS1 says: August 15, 2013 at 15:40 I have also read that the BIOS passwords are easily attacked (or at least cleared) but your data on a self encrypting drive should still be secure since there’s a seperate key internally that is used to encrypt the data…at least that is my understanding of it. Reply JohnS says: August 15, 2013 at 16:14 The data on a SED drive is automatically encrypted. So if the drive is disassembled then the disk platters (or FLASH memory) contains only encrypted data. When used normally in a computer the data is automatically decrypted, also. What secures it from being accessed is the password. Think of a SED drive like a bank vault. The encryption is like the steel vault. The authentication, which allows access to the steel vault, is like the door to the vault. Having an impenetrable vault but with an open (or easily openned) door offers no real security. In an Opal drive the authentication is handled very securely with a shadow MBR which runs a pre-boot authentication routine. The data on the drive isn’t unlocked till the user has authenticated. On a SED non-Opal drive, authentication depends on an ATA password. The various BIOS’s and drive manufacturers handle ATA passwords differently. A good BIOS will pass the hash of the password, not the password itself, to the drive. From what I gather, the drive stores this sometimes (all the time?) in a non-secure area which can easily be read. If the password isn’t hashed then it’s trivial to see it. If it is hashed then you can attempt to crack it. Some BIOS’es limit the password length to 8 characters. Thus the very poor reputatiion ATA passwords have. Perhaps SED (non-Opal) drives do a better job, storing the password where it can’t be read while the drive is locked. I don’t know. I’m trying to find out how Samsung and Intel do this currently. Does anyone here know? Other than the somewhat obsolete Samsung P810 drives, the only Opal SSD drives currently shipping that I am aware of are from Micron / Crucial. The M500 is the current model. Samsung is shipping a SSD 840 EVO model which they say will be firmware upgradable to Opal sometime next month. Reply LS1 says: August 15, 2013 at 18:43 That being said should the Crucial M500 be listed under “Drives with USABLE encryption”? Reply JohnS says: August 15, 2013 at 20:21 I would think so. It is Opal 2. Indeed, any drive which is Opal, 1 or 2, should be listed, I believe. Reply JohnS says: August 17, 2013 at 02:01 I have a deeper understanding of things now. Let me revise some of my earlier posting on 8/15. > The various BIOS’s and drive manufacturers handle ATA passwords differently. This means that moving a ATA password protected drive to a new machine might not work if the new machine’s BIOS delivers a different version of the password to the SED drive than the old machine’s BIOS did. Ouch! You better hope that your motherboard doesn’t die. > A good BIOS will pass the hash of the password, not the password itself, to the drive. Although this sounds like a feature at first (it did to me!), it really doesn’t help security at all (see below) and just complicates compatibility (see above). > From what I gather, the drive stores this sometimes (all the time?) in a non-secure area which can easily be read. If the drive stores the password as given to it by the BIOS then it doesn’t matter if the BIOS hashed what the user typed in or not. Either way, what the drive uses to validate the authentication can be read from the drive. It can then (using a simple custom hardware interface) be used to unlock the drive by emulating a BIOS authentication attempt. On the other hand, if the drive does something to protect the password from the BIOS then it gets interesting. It could hash it before storing it or it could store it in some non-readable (except by the drive’s firmware) part of the drive. In the latter case, the drive would have to prevent firmware updates on an unlocked (if protected) drive, too. Given this, I see no reason to believe that the Intel 520 and 530 are “secure”. It doesn’t matter that the drive’s encryption key is protected by the user password (or whatever the BIOS sent over) if you can reproduce the user password. In other words, it doesn’t matter how thick the bank vault’s steel enclosure is if you know the lock’s combination. I have contacted Intel to find out more. I’m waiting to hear from them and from Samsung. Reply Raco says: August 15, 2013 at 16:32 “Thus I would conclude that only the key, and not the ATA password, is used for encrypting the disk’s data.” Yes, but the key is (on some drives) encrypted with another key. Which should be derived from the ATA password. This is done on purpose, to allow the user to change his password without having to re-encrypt the whole disk. When you change your ATA password, the key used to encrypt the data is re-encrypted (but does not change) with a key derived from your new password. At least, it should be done this way. According to what Samsung told you, the key used to encrypt the data is set in factory. Do they keep a record of it, along with the serial number of your drive, or is it randomly generated for each drive and even Samsung does not know it? We don’t know, so it should not be considered secure. It’s also possible that all their drives uses the same key. From what they told you, it’s not clear wether the key used to encrypt the data is stored unencrypted or not. It’s possible that if you can break the BIOS password, then you can have access to the unencrypted data. Having a separate key, as LS1 said, does not guarantee that your data are safe when the BIOS protection has been hacked. The separate key is there to add flexibility of usage, not security. Reply JohnS says: August 15, 2013 at 17:02 “Yes, but the key is (on some drives) encrypted with another key. Which should be derived from the ATA password.” On Opal drives I believe that this is part of the spec. On non-Opal SED drives all bets are off, but you would hope so. I agree with what you say about the user’s password being used to encrypt storage (not use) of the drive key. From what I read, the encryption key is generated inside the drive itself and can not be read even by the manufacturer. The drives do have individual encryption keys. Again, on non-Opal SED drives how this works is deceided by each manufacturer. I sure wish that they would publish this info! Yes, if you can authenticate with the drive (Opal or non-Opal) then you have access to the drive’s data (SED or non-encrypted drives). Leaving the door to the vault open means that the steel vault isn’t doing you any good. 🙂 Reply HikingMike says: August 15, 2013 at 22:38 From what I read, the encryption key is generated inside the drive itself and can not be read even by the manufacturer. The drives do have individual encryption keys. I thought about this as well. We’ll never know for sure as they probably hold how this works this pretty tightly. And this would be the controller chip company. They probably don’t want anything to do with the key for individual drives otherwise law enforcement would be able to ask them for it. So they have probably developed a process so that they don’t know the keys and they aren’t saved or easily retrievable, and they can always say they do it that way for best security. They don’t care whether people lose their data or if someone can hide their data from law enforcement as it doesn’t affect their business. Reply JohnS says: August 16, 2013 at 01:31 I believe that as long as customers care about good security, the manufacturers have to also. Otherwise, they will end up with no customers. I spent some more time trying to read the Opal specs. It isn’t easy! They go from just a few, very high-level lines of description to bit level detail. Key generation is done in the drive. You can also “revert” the drive back to factory defaults. In this case the key is erased and another generated. It seems that you can also Re-Encrpyt. This done on the fly, in the background, using both the old and new keys. Nice! For an Opal drive you need to purchase a management program to set up the Pre-Boot Authentication passwords and run a Pre-Boot program which they put in the Shadow MBR. This is a very secure method, unless there is a flaw in the Pre-Boot program. The programs are generally a stripped down version of Linux. Some vendors are FIPS 140-2 certified, giving you some additional confidence. I’ve seen such software sell for $40 – $100 for individual workstations. There are also enterprise management versions which would certainly be nice if you have a number of machines to manage. For non-Opal, SED drives all bets are off. You are stuck using the old ATA password mechanism, which is generally very unsecure unless the manufacturer has possibly implemented an improved version. I’m still trying to find out about this from Intel (520’s and 530’s) and Samsung (840’s and 840 Pro’s). Non-Opal SDE SSD drives will soon be moot due to the increasing appearance of Opal drives. So vote with your feet. 🙂 Reply LS1 says: August 16, 2013 at 02:05 So if one got an OPAL compliant drive such as the M500 then they would still have to buy some additional boot software to use encryption or would using Bitlocker for Windows 8 with the “eDrive” support do the same thing? Reply JohnS says: August 17, 2013 at 02:24 As I understand it, Microsoft’s eDrive requires that the drive itself be an Opal drive. I’ve read that the M500 does meet eDrive requirements. Thus the Bitlocker software would use the drive’s hardware encryption. But there are also some other requirements which your system has to meet, including running Windows 8 and using UEFI (not BIOS) to boot, for example. I believe that the Bitlocker software takes care of the Opal interface itself. Here’s a good article about it: http://www.anandtech.com/show/6891/hardware-accelerated-bitlocker-encryption-microsoft-windows-8-edrive-investigated-with-crucial-m500 Reply LS1 says: August 17, 2013 at 22:51 Thanks! I guess this means you wouldn’t need a BIOS which even supports setting an ATA Hard Disk Password as long as you met the other requirements, OPAL, UEFI, Windows 8, etc,? Reply JohnS says: August 17, 2013 at 23:06 Correct. Side note: From what I read, some (many?) UEFI boots also support the BIOS mode, for those who prefer it instead. I don’t know if UEFI supports ATA passwords or not, but an Opal drive doesn’t, so you need not worry about them. 🙂 Reply Raco says: August 16, 2013 at 02:32 “I believe that as long as customers care about good security, the manufacturers have to also. Otherwise, they will end up with no customers”. Unfortunately, customers don’t care. Even worse, reviewers don’t care. They focus mainly on speed and price. If an SSD is super-fast, it will get very positive reviews. No reviews exist that really care about the encryption system. Sometimes, the reviewer mentions that the SSD can do hardware encryption, but that’s all. So the manufacturers get good reviews in magazines, and they don’t have to try to prove that their encryption system is reliable. I talked with two reknowed reviewers on the web about this. They both told me that they are not able to evaluate an encryption system because they are not encryption specialists. I think that things won’t change until the disks get bad reviews because of their obscure encryption system. Likewise, I was not able to find critics about Opal or FIPS, which shows that people don’t care about security. It seems that no hacker tried to hack a FIPS or Opal certified device. Which is a very bad thing. If no one had tried to hack WEP, then we’d be still using it to secure our WIFI connections, and we’d still think it’s as secure as its name suggests (Wired Equivalent Pivacy). Reply JohnS says: August 17, 2013 at 02:39 How about this: Some customers care, some don’t. 🙂 Also, some reviewers care, some don’t. For example: http://www.anandtech.com/show/6891/hardware-accelerated-bitlocker-encryption-microsoft-windows-8-edrive-investigated-with-crucial-m500. This is an entire (!) review about Bitlocker on a CM500. Probably the best way to evaluate the disk’s encryption is to see if it is FIPS 140-2 certified. Check the list yourself at NIST: http://csrc.nist.gov/groups/STM/cmvp/documents/140-1/1401val2011.htm. Note: Don’t get fooled by a manufacturer’s claim that their product was designed to meet the FIPS 140-2 standard. While a good goal, this doesn’t mean that they achieved it. No hacker has tried? They generally don’t report failed attempts, so how can you be sure? On the other hand, if the NSA tried and succeeded they might not report it either. If you are this concerned, then you probably should use two, independent forms of encryption. Perhaps TrueCrypt software encryption on an Opal (hardware encryption) drive. 🙂 Reply LS1 says: August 27, 2013 at 00:41 I was looking at http://www.anandtech.com/show/6891/hardware-accelerated-bitlocker-encryption-microsoft-windows-8-edrive-investigated-with-crucial-m500 and it mentions that you must have UEFI 2.3.1 (Class II no CSM/Class III). ANy ideas how to determine if a specific PC has that? Reply Daniel says: August 29, 2013 at 13:01 Did anybody mention the missing possibility to change the AES key which is used for the actual encryption? All stuff performed before the “encrypt(data, key)” process is useless (even not interesting) if for example Intel uses the same “key” for every SSD. Even if it is not the same, Intel could maintain a list of all S/N / keys. For real security this is not enough. I would like to set my own AES key. Reply JohnS says: October 5, 2013 at 01:52 Most SED and all OPAL drives will not let the user set or see the key used to actually encrypt the data on the disk. There is really no need, thus it would only hurt security to do so. Most will let you force the key to be changed. This effectively “erases” the data on the drive because it can no longer be unencrypted. This feature of a SED drive is sometimes called Fast Erase. It takes only a few seconds, thus saving a lot of time if you want to wipe a drive prior to discarding or reusing it. btw – Do look for drives which use a 256-bit AES key. Some older ones only used a 128-bit key, and this isn’t considered a good idea for data which needs to be protected for more than 10 years or so. An OPAL drive generates its own key. Even the drive manufacturer doesn’t know it. There is supposed to be some random seed to make sure that they aren’t the same. As for SED, but non-OPAL, drives – good luck trying to find out! At the end of the day, we have to trust the drive manufacturers to some extent. They could put a backdoor in even if it looks like it is designed and working correctly. With hardware (unlike software), it’s hard to check. Reply LS1 says: August 29, 2013 at 13:35 I was looking at http://www.anandtech.com/show/6891/hardware-accelerated-bitlocker-encryption-microsoft-windows-8-edrive-investigated-with-crucial-m500 and it mentions that you must have UEFI 2.3.1 (Class II no CSM/Class III). ANy ideas how to determine if a specific PC has that? Reply NY says: August 29, 2013 at 16:04 In case anyone is interested: Some of the Asus UX-notebooks (the UX31a, in my case) contain an Adata XM11 SSD. I first contacted Adata, but they pointed me to Asus. So I contacted Asus and asked them if the AES key is encrypted with the ATA password and if this ATA password is hashed irreversably, but they refused to say anything, “to ensure the saftey [sic] of the encryption.” I tried to explain to them that secrecy is not a good thing in this case and that if they did everything the right way, then nothing is lost by explaining how they did it, but they kept refusing. Doesn’t inspire much faith in their implementation. Reply JohnS says: October 5, 2013 at 01:41 Yes! Anytime that a vendor tells you that his method is secret, then you should assume the worst. There is a much higher chance that it is inadequate and/or flawed. This has been shown in many cases over the years. Reply Robbster says: August 30, 2013 at 08:39 Great thread! Am using the ATA password approach on the 960GB M500 in a HP 2760p with a TPM module. Am digging into the details on this exact combination to understand the degree of security. There are many posts on recovering ATA passwords from specific hard drives by using software utilities that write directly to the hard drive bypassing the BIOS, and some direct hardware hacks as well, but each of these is specific to a drive manufacturer and model, and I have not yet found any describing how to recover the ATA password from any SSD nor specifically the M500. Net, while researching, I know I have a modest amount of security via the ATA password on my laptop with the M500, but will keep digging until I better understand the limitations and alternatives with this exact hardware combination. Here is a link from the Crucial forums with a bit more info on M500 encryption capability… http://forum.crucial.com/t5/Solid-State-Drives-SSD-Knowledge/An-introduction-to-the-encryption-features-of-the-M500/ta-p/128272 I’m hopeful that the ATA password MAY be more secure on this exact combination than previously, e.g.., if there is interaction with the TPM and ATA password module to secure and encrypt the ATA password such that it cannot be recovered from the drive directly. Will post what I learn. Reply JohnS says: October 5, 2013 at 01:38 Look into using your M500 in the OPAL mode, rather than the ATA mode. It will generally be much more secure this way! You will need to purchase software to handle the OPAL PBA (Pre Boot Authentication) for you, however. For a single-user, stand-alone version I’ve seen prices in the neighborhood of $40 – $110. There are also enterprise versions with centralized management, if you have many machines. Reply BT says: October 30, 2013 at 20:10 Hello, any idea about such softwares handling OPAL 2.0 SEDs on GNU/Linux? Because I’ve been trying hard to make use of M500 SSD’s hardware encryption feature on my new Clevo W540EU laptop, but in spite of digging always more into the details of hardware encryption, I haven’t found any way to leverage asuch drives on GNU/Linux. I have a custom American Megatrends BIOS that doesn’t handle disk/user ATA password (this was confirmed to me by my PC vendor) and forces “security freeze” on my drives (I have tried the “put to sleep” method with no luck). Hence I cannot go the ATA password way through hdparm, especially since I have the mSATA version of the M500 (integrated in the Clevo next to the main 1 TB HDD), making it unconvenient to hot swap the drive (the other recommended workaround for the hdparm “frozen” security problem). Contacting Crucial was of no help : they gave me vague answers, confirming I had to use third party software but without citing any but BitLocker and Wave (Windows softs). They don’t even know of a software that could make use of the PSID number printed on the SSD so as to revert it to factory state, if something ever goes wrong with the hardware encryption (they told me that in that case they prefer users to contact them for a return… So why implementing a PSID?). So, no ATA password (American Megatrends BIOS that doesn’t handle user/drive ATA password and no supported way to upgrade it with ATA Security Extension by my PC vendor), no third-party software to handle the OPAL operations on GNU/Linux, no way to unbrick the drive if something happens… Hence I’m resolved to go with software encryption (dm-crypt/LUKS), but I’m afraid this will have nefast consequences on the M500. Although according to what I’ve read, the Marvell controller should handle software-encrypted data without too much a hit on performances, and the Anandtech review says somewhere that the M500’s controller is optimized to behave well with the drive appearing as “full”, what will be the consequence of the LUKS encryption if I understood correctly. Anyway, thank you for all the info you gave about this drive, this blog post and its comments are the most exhautive ressource I could find on the web! Reply JohnS says: October 31, 2013 at 22:40 Most of the FDE vendors who support Opal use a Linux-based PBA (Pre Boot Authentication). Thus I would generally expect that they would work on a Linux system. When I asked them, however, some declined. Those who agreed that it would work pointed out that they didn’t have Linux client software, so you wouldn’t be able to manage the PBA from inside Linux. Thus you would need a Windows system to manage the PBA setup. Awkward! Good news: One vendor does support Linux (and Windows and Macs)! Check out WinMagic’s SecureDoc Standalone Windows Edition. I haven’t used it myself, but I very much like the spec’s. Also, the people there were very knowledgeable and helpful when I called. I believe they have a demo available, so you can try it out first. Note: They have qualified the M500, too! More good news: They also support the Opal PSID Revert. Many vendors don’t, which baffles me. If you decide to give it a try please let us know how it works out for you. 🙂 Reply BT says: November 2, 2013 at 13:12 Thanks for the info. I had stumbled upon WinMagic products before, but couldn’t find what I was looking for. And actually checking the system requirements for the product you mention (WinMagic’s SecureDoc Standalone Windows Edition), it doesn’t seem to support GNU/Linux OSes either… Even their server edition is tailored for Windows ones! I tried to contact them through the “Contact Sales” form, but they required me to enter a “non-free” email provider address –refusing my gmail’s one… They really are targeting corporate clients! The only product they have that seems to really support GNU/Linux OSes is their Enterprise version, with the SecureDoc OSA (installation trough a LiveCD/USB, hence no OS compatibility problem), but it’s only part of their full-featured product… Could you point me at the product you understood was really compatible with a GNU/Linux client OS? Thanks a lot! But you’re right : the fact that that FDE vendors using Linux-based PBA doesn’t support GNU/Linux clients is baffling. Not even speaking of developing a package for every distro out there, but they could go with the LiveCD/USB way! I guess the PSID revert feature is not that much popular because they promote master ATA password to circumvent a device bricking… Anyway. On the other hand I try not to rely too much on closed software, especially for security matters. But obviously as we have no OPAL-compliant libre software yet, I should get pass this and fund the development of one myself (anyone interested in a crowdfunding campaign for this?) 😉 Reply JohnS says: November 2, 2013 at 22:23 I didn’t realize that WinMagic’s Enterprise version supported all 3 (WIndows, Mac, Linux) but that the Standalone version doesn’t. Bummer. But I do see that they have Standalone versions for both Windows and Mac. Perhaps if enough people ask them for a Linux version… 🙂 Although it would be extra trouble, you could set up the Enterprise version. They charge per user and it’s about 30% more than the Standalone version. I don’t know if they have a minimum number of users for the Enterprise version, however. Or, you could probably use a Windows system to set the PBA up and do any follow maintenance but run the drive normally in a Linux system. Check with them to make sure that this is OK, but I would suspect so. This might not be a bad solution. Unfortunately, I don’t know of any other vendor who supports Linux directly at all (Standalone or Enterprise). Opal’s PSID Revert command: I think that it is important. I don’t know if the ATA commands will work on the drive after Opal has locked it. Also, then you are dependent on the BIOS and how it handles the password. Yuck! I didn’t ask all of the vendors about this, only the ones who made my first cut. Of those, about half did support it and half didn’t. Something to consider when choosing a vendor. I guess that this isn’t as much of an issue if you are using the Enterprise version, since the passwords will be backed up, securely, on the Enterprise server. Handling passwords yourself is dangerous (lots of ways they can be compromised – like deleted files not really deleting the data), so I’d be happier not having to do it. I agree with your concerns about closed vs open software with regard to security. One of the vendors wouldn’t answer my questions regarding how their PBA secured passwords on the Shadow MBR (where the PBA is located). After all, if you can manage to get the user or the drive password from the PBA then the drive encryption is useless. They told me the method was proprietary and that I would have to sign a NDA first. I declined and disqualified them on this basis. There’s a very common, very secure way of doing it (which every other vendor does!) so their doing it some “custom” way isn’t justified in my mind. Reply Raco says: September 6, 2013 at 04:05 All disk in the “usable” category should be removed. The usable category should stay empty forever. Read this carefully: http://www.propublica.org/article/the-nsas-secret-campaign-to-crack-undermine-internet-encryption We have to be careful even with open-source software: http://www.theregister.co.uk/2010/12/15/openbsd_backdoor_claim/ Reply Jarek says: September 6, 2013 at 21:18 Can anyone recommend a haswell desktop motherboard where I can use ATA Password as described here? Or at least one where I could add bios extension myself? Reply Clint says: October 1, 2013 at 01:43 I’m concerned that ATA password security, no matter how well it is implemented, is not secure against an experienced attacker? I found an article that documents how to break ATA password security. They demonstrate ATA password removal using A-FF Repair Station software. On A-FF’s website, they list supported drives they can crack, including Fujitsu, WD, Toshiba, Maxtor, Seagate, and Samsung. It seems this is only for spinning drives, not SSDs. However, I’m sure the process can be adapted to SSDs, if not already by other organizations. It seems feasible if one were to analyze enough “fresh” drives and data writing patterns, that you could predict the location of the password store and forcibly overwrite it, thus circumventing the ATA security system. Is my concern legitimate? Is ATA security not reliable? Reply JohnS says: October 5, 2013 at 01:30 Yes, ATA security is sometimes not very good. As long as the drive stores the password (even if hashed) in an area that can be read before the drive is unlocked, an attacker can grab it and try to crack it. If it is hashed, and salted, and it’s a really good password, then you should be OK. Even worse, if the area can be written to then you can overwrite the password (even if hashed) with a new one which you know. Unfortunately, SED (non-OPAL) vendors such as Samsung and Intel won’t release this info to the public. So I consider their drives to be suspect. Also, you have to consider the BIOS which is handling the ATA password for you. I understand that some limit it to 8 characters, or convert all text characters to the same case. Either of these would make the password very weak. On the other hand, SED OPAL drives can have a very high level of security. The “weak link” is the PBA (Pre Boot Authentication) routine. If done correctly the overall security is very good. If not (because passwords used by the PBA are stored in such a way that they can be cracked) then you are in trouble. I’ve contacted a number of the disk encryption vendors who support OPAL drives to ask them about how this aspect of their PBA works. A few gave me the answer I was hoping to hear. A few did not. And a few just don’t seem to know! Reply LS1 says: October 5, 2013 at 14:45 Great reply! Which ones gave you the answer you were looking for? I’m looking at getting a Samsung EVO which is supposed to be OPAL complatinat with an upcoming firmware update. Reply JohnS says: October 6, 2013 at 14:24 I’m still gathering info from some of the vendors who sell FDE (Full Disk Encryption), so I can’t give you a complete answer at this time. But here is what I have so far. By the way: I don’t know of any vendor who offers support for just Opal drives (except one, but they couldn’t give me an example of even a single Opal SSD drive they worked with). Assuming that you want at least Opal 2 (including Secure Erase) compatibility and a single user (not certralized management) version, here is how the various vendors rate. These don’t qualify. Absolute Software Check Point Software Technologies CryptoMill Technologies McAfee Sophos Symantec (was GuardianEdge) Trustwave Wave Systems I don’t know. For 6 weeks I’ve been trying to get info from them. Dell (was Credant) These probably qualify but I haven’t asked about PBA security yet. Secude WinMagic These qualify. Softex So, as it stands, I’d recommend limiting yourself to one of the last 3. Give me a week or two and hopefully I’ll be able to get some more info and eliminate the middle two groups. Also, a few of the vendors told me that there was some wiggle room in the Opal spec and it caused compatibility issues with some drives. Fortunately, most have a demo period so that you can check their software with your drive before committing. Reply LS1 says: October 6, 2013 at 15:10 Thanks again. I was looking at http://www.anandtech.com/show/6891/hardware-accelerated-bitlocker-encryption-microsoft-windows-8-edrive-investigated-with-crucial-m500 and http://forum.crucial.com/t5/Solid-State-Drives-SSD-Knowledge/An-introduction-to-the-encryption-features-of-the-M500/ta-p/128272 The first article makes no mention of 3rd party software needed to handle the PBA and the second one mentions you only need such software if you don’t have Windows 8 (assuming you meet all the other requirements of course). That being said is it correct to say you don’t need any 3rd party PBA software if you have an OPAL 2.0 compliant drive, Windows 8 Professional with BitLocker, UEFI support (with a Windows 8 Professional UEFI install), and UEFI 2.3.1 (Class II no CSM/Class III) – which I still don’t know how to determine? Reply JohnS says: October 12, 2013 at 15:00 I have not worked with eDrive myself, but from what I read I believe that you are correct. If your system and drive are eDrive compatible, and you trust BitLocker, then you are all set. Reply JohnS says: October 10, 2013 at 09:13 Addendum to my previous post. I now have additional information from Dell, Secude, and WinMagic. All 3 qualify. So there are 4 to choose from, total. Reply LS1 says: October 13, 2013 at 14:14 I was also reading that BitLocker officially requires you to use a TPM chip (if you PC has it) or a USB drive each time you boot but some people have found a way to use a password to avoid all that. Makes me wonder how good that last option would be. I know you mentioned you have never used BitLocker but have you heard of reasons not to trust it so far? Thanks again! Reply JohnS says: October 14, 2013 at 02:25 I’m glad to hear that eDrive/BitLocker doesn’t always require a TPM chip. I was wondering what someone would do if their motherboard failed. Could the drive be used from another machine? I’ve heard good things about BitLocker in general. So I have no specific reasons not to trust it. On the other hand, Microsoft has produced some bad (and some good!) security systems in the past. Also, the code is not available for review – which many consider a “must” for high trust. When used in an Opal/eDrive environment, however, the drive is doing its own encryption (do you trust the drive vendor?) so the only real issue is PBA (Pre Boot Authentication). I know nothing about how Microsoft has implemented theirs. I’m guessing that it is Windows based. Almost every other FDE (Full Disk Encryption) vendor uses a Linux based PBA. Personally, I prefer Linux’s track record for security. Finally, Microsoft has been mentioned in some of the press recently for possibly cooperating, perhaps more than legally required, with the US government regarding security issues. So, if you are trying to hide something from the NSA then you might consider this, too. Of course, if you are really shooting for that high a level of security then I’m recommend using two, independent schemes: An Opal drive and TrueCrypt (for example). 🙂 Reply LS1 says: October 13, 2013 at 14:19 Here’s an example of such a way: http://rics.partners.org/show_article.php?id=274 Reply Jenson says: December 23, 2013 at 13:47 Hi JohnS, thanks for the info. It seems you did your homework! Sorry if any of these questions were there, but the formating of this blog’s comments seems corrupted and hard to read. I am I correct, that you put together four vendors who are doing standalone OPAL SW, and they are WinMagic, Softex, Secude and DELL? Did you do any more research how they works internally, did you try them? Also, am I reading correctly that you get under the NDA info from intel, how they are handling ATA-passwords? Thats quite a result! Can you just say yay or nay on the security of the mechanism? Thanks! Reply JohnS says: December 24, 2013 at 01:39 Hi Jensen. Yes, unfortunately the blog does seem to remove paragraph breaks. Ug! Yes, just those 4 PBA vendors all offered stand-alone versions. All offered enterprise versions, if memory serves. I did ask each a list of questions, but I’ve mentioned most of the security-related stuff here already I have not personally tried any of their software. Most had demos of some sort. In some cases they are available on the website for download. In other cases you have to speak to a salesperson to request it. Also, pretty much the same with manuals. Some are on the website, while others have to be requested. I didn’t discuss internals with the PBA vendors past my list of questions. All use at least AES-256. Some are FIPS 197 and/or 140 certified, but not all. Some have been providing this sort of software for years, but for others it is a new product, and some don’t support Opal at all yet. Intel SED SSD drives with ATA passwords: Yeah. 🙂 Reply LS1 says: October 3, 2013 at 13:13 In the conclusion it is stated that “Your BIOS has to support the full 32 character ATA password specification.” Where was this information obtained from? Is it 100% confirmed that a less than 32 character ATA password support WON’T enable encryption on any SED? Reply JohnS says: October 5, 2013 at 01:33 The BIOS will take what you give it, possibly mangle/adjust/change it, then give it to the drive. So the issue isn’t the ATA spec, but what your BIOS does. Good luck finding that out from your computer vendor! Reply Jan Klos says: October 8, 2013 at 00:25 I doubt it. From the SSD’s point of view, it always gets 32 bytes of data as password. It does not have any way of knowing how that data was generated and whether it represents ASCII data (if BIOS supports passphrases) or keyboard scancodes (which is what BIOSes without passphrase support / passphrases disabled usually send as password). Unless it disabled some security features if it deemed the password too short (having too many null characters), but there is absolutely no reason for the SSD’s firmware to do that. Modern SSDs ALWAYS encrypt data to be able to perform fast secure erase, they just – more often than not – do not protect the keys. I think it is their way of saying that a short HDD password consisting of keyboard scancodes (so no difference between a/A, 4/$, [{ etc.) defeats the purpose of FDE with AES256… Reply hostage says: October 22, 2013 at 06:32 According to this Samsung whitepaper, their encryption is usable by your definition. http://www.samsung.com/global/business/semiconductor/minisite/SSD/global/download/Samsung_SSD_White_Paper.pdf Reply JohnS says: October 31, 2013 at 22:58 I’ve got a pair of Samsung 840’s and I’d like to know if they really are secure or not. I’ve given up trying to find out. I won’t be buying or recommending Samsung SED drives any more. I read the white paper you referenced. I don’t see any mention in it that they use the user’s password to encrypt the drive encryption key. I suspect that they do, but nothing I’ve been able to get from them says this. Also, I have not been able to get any info from Samsung about how (hashed?) and where (diag track?) they store the user’s password. Some SED vendors avoid using the diag track for this since there are lots of drive utilities which can read/write it, thus making it easy to get around it. Indeed, there are a few places which offer to do this for under $100. Instead they put the user’s password into an area which only the drive’s firmware can access. I did get this info from Intel after waiting 2 months. I can’t discuss it, however, because I had to sign a NDA first. I can say that I have no problem using or recommending their SED drives. Also, any Opal 2 drive should handle this correctly since it’s part of the spec. You have to check out how the PMA software handles it, however. From what I’ve seen, most do it right. Reply raton-laveur says: October 24, 2013 at 17:24 regarding the Samsung PM830, it’s confirmed here : http://www.samsung.com/us/business/oem-solutions/pdfs/PM830_MCE_Product%20Overview.pdf Reply Kayne says: October 30, 2013 at 02:26 I have a Samsung 840 PRO. I wanted to use the FDE, unfortunately setting the SATA controller in RAID mode in UEFI disables the possibility to set a hard disk password. It only works in IDE or AHCI mode (and I need the controller in RAID mode for other drives). I am using windows 7 ultimate. Is there any other way to set and use the hard disk password without having to try ATASX (I’d like to avoid messing with this if possible)? Reply JohnS says: October 31, 2013 at 22:46 Check out WinMagic. They told me that they did support RAID. It would not surprise me if you had to use the same password on both drives, however. Reply Kayne says: November 2, 2013 at 01:06 JohnS, thanks a lot. Reading all of your comments, it seems like you sure did your homework! Thanks for all the information you provided. This thread is one of the only place with as much information gathered regarding SEDs! I just contacted Winmagic to ask if they support the 840 pro in RAID mode. What worries me when using such a method though, is how do you do if you need to re-install windows. I assume Securedoc installs a pre-boot auth screen to unlock the drive. Won’t the drive stay locked then? Do you have options to diable the pre-boot auth in the pre-boot menu itself for example? I forgot to ask them that actually, I only did the thinking afterwards 🙂 Reply JohnS says: November 2, 2013 at 01:22 Glad to help. I did the research for 2 clients who were interested in securing their data better. The PBA is generally installed after you have a running operating system (Windows or whatever). But it is totally stand-alone in operation. It’s not part of the operating system’s boot up, it occurs before it, and it doesn’t ever touch the contents of the operating system partition(s) in any way. Once the PBA is done, and the drive is unlocked, and then the operating system boots up. To answer your question: What if you have to reinstall Windows? No big deal. The PBA should continue to function. After you finish reinstalling Windows then you will also have to reinstall the PBA client program which is used to install/manage/monitor the PBA, should you want to. But the whole time the drive remains protected. Reply Kayne says: November 3, 2013 at 17:36 what I have trouble understanding is how can you unlock the drive to re-install an OS on it when you are installing the OS from a CD for example? Does WinMagic give you the possibility to fully unlock the drive (and thus disabling the ATA password?) Reply JohnS says: November 3, 2013 at 18:21 When you start up your computer the first thing to run is the BIOS (or UEFI). It, in turn, runs any startup code on various devices. This is when the PBA code on the Opal drive gets executed. The PBA talks to the user (or back to a network server in some enterprise setups) to get authorization for the drive. Once the PBA is satisfied it unlocks the drive. Now, to the rest of the system the drive now looks like an ordinary drive. All this happens regardless of what (if anything) is on the drive – just as long as the PBA is set up. The operating system could care less that it’s an Opal drive (excepting: An optional Opal client utility to manage the Opal drive which is just another ordinary program). Back to the boot-up sequence – Once the drive is available the BIOS checks it for an “active” partition. If it finds one, it activates it. This is when the operating system starts up. If the BIOS is set to boot off CD instead, then it will. And whatever it boots from the CD will just see a normal drive. WinMagic, and other Opal software vendors, allow you to change the locking setup. Normally this is done by using the client utility you install in the operating system. But if your operating system is misbehaving then you do need another way of doing it. Either a rescue CD or by moving the drive to a working system. Or perhaps the PBA would let you do this when it runs – I don’t know. ATA security is different than Opal, however. ATA is handled by the BIOS. You can use the F2 BIOS manager to change or remove an ATA password. I hope this helps. Reply Kayne says: November 3, 2013 at 18:27 Now I get it. Thanks! Reply Kayne says: November 6, 2013 at 23:52 Well after a few more days of research and a couple of emails exchnged with Winmagic, there just is no solution to my problem. RAID is not supported, Windows 7 is not supported, only OPAL is supported… seemed very complicated. They said they were mainly laptop oriented, not desktop. The limitations/requirements seemed to be the same ones as Bitlocker. (Windows 8.1, UEFI Secure Boot, etc) So I guess I’ll just use software FDE. From my research, Diskcryptor has great benchmarks, almost similar to non-encrypted benchmarks. I’ll just have to pay the CPU price for it. Reply JohnS says: November 7, 2013 at 00:06 Hmmm… Something doesn’t sound right. As I understand it they do support Windows 8 but don’t require it. RAID – they told me the did, but considering that almost nobody does I was surprised. Only Opal? No way. They support non-SED drives, doing their own encryption. They also support the Seagate “Drive Trust” models. If you do decide to forgo using Opal, consider ATA instead (still SED). Otherwise, TrueCrypt is free and has an excellent reputation. Reply Kayne says: November 7, 2013 at 00:23 Sorry, I meant Opal only for hardware encryption. Otherwise it defaults to software encryption. They don’t use ATA commands. Since ATA Security doesn’t work with RAID and I’ve read at lot that ATA Security was easily breakable, I’m going for software… until hardware becomes easier maybe in a a couple of years 🙂 Reply Kayne says: November 3, 2013 at 18:29 My german is a bit rusty but I found this: http://www.heise.de/ct/projekte/ATA-Security-284169.html Seems like a bootable CD/floppy allowing to send ATA commands to the drive? Can anyone better with german than me confirm this? Reply AR says: November 3, 2013 at 19:05 Not quite: The article it references describes the possibility of an attacker or malware attacking a PC by setting the password for the hard disk using ATA commands; the article you’ve found describes how to prevent this – basically by booting from a known-safe medium that disables the ability to set the hard disk password until the next reboot, and/or utilities within Windows / Linux / OS X that do the same at the earliest opportunity. So it’s an interesting article but addressing a slightly different issue to that discussed here. Relevant for any disks being used that aren’t password-protected though. Reply AR says: November 3, 2013 at 19:09 PS – A couple of further thoughts on this – (1) I’m assuming that a hard disk won’t allow a new hard disk password to be given without first having the old one supplied, but I may be wrong about that, and (2) the article is from 2005, so some more recent operating systems may in fact disable the ability to set a hard disk’s password, but I don’t know. Reply Tuco says: November 12, 2013 at 03:13 Well I have a real world test for the Intel 520 series with ATA password. My laptop has Intel 520 SSD drive with ATA password enabled. It has been in the possession of the Ohio crime lab, either BCII or Toledo Lab for almost 4 months. They are trying to access the drive data as was admitted to just last week at trial. So far it hasn’t been broken, Will keep you informed. Reply LS1 says: November 18, 2013 at 16:57 Wow! Interesting! What type of laptop was used to set the ATA password? Was it one with a BIOS that supports a full 32 character password? Reply Tuco says: November 19, 2013 at 04:55 You will understand that I am charged with two felonies by grand jury indictment at the moment. I won’t give out any details that could help the state to hang me. You may be the state for all I know, wanting to narrow your search-space.. If they break it, I will post all the details so everyone will know what didn’t work. If they don’t break it and I regain possession of it (they can motion to forfeit all evidence in Ohio) I will destroy the thing as I wouldn’t trust what they could have put on it. But in that case I wouldn’t post the details because they may have an image of it if that is possible with an SSD. Either way it will be interesting to know as I had many questions about SSD security before I bought one, now those questions are about to be answered unequivocally by the power of the state one way or the other. Reply Cliff says: December 2, 2013 at 06:34 Suppose I’m using hardware accelerated Bitlocker with Crucial’s eDrive compliant M500. (I’m not yet, but that’s the eventual plan.) At some point, I will want to re-purpose the drive (or donate or sell). How do I go about ensuring that no one else will be able to access the data on it? If using ATA password via BIOS instead of OPAL via Bitlocker, I would just perform a secure erase using something like Parted Magic. But, according to some threads I’ve been reading (e.g. New M500, Can’t Secure erase. No security set feature like other SSDs. What gives? and 2nd M500 – Win 8.1 kills ATA cmds including Secure Erase), that process doesn’t look to be possible with the M500 after having used Bitlocker (or perhaps even just having used Win 8.1). Am I overcomplicating things? If I just delete all partitions (including WinRE, System, and MSR), will that also remove the PBA and effectively prevent anyone from accessing the encrypted contents? And the recipient of the drive can then treat it as if it were a new, blank drive? Thanks! Reply Cliff says: December 2, 2013 at 06:58 More questions occur to me: Where is the PBA stored? In the System partition? If so, is there any way to recover the data protected by the PBA (e.g. the Windows partition) if something happens to the System partition (e.g. corrupted or deleted)? If I have two Bitlocker-protected M500 drives in the same system, are they both protected by the same PBA? What happens if I transplant one of the drives to another system — how would I access the transplanted drive’s data in the other system? Sorry if this is deviating too far from the original topic, but this is the only place I’ve been able to find the depth of information I’m interested in (without going to far over my head). Reply LS1 says: December 9, 2013 at 17:58 Interesting…perhaps this is issue is limited to the M500 only? Reply LS1 says: December 9, 2013 at 18:11 It would appear the the Surface Pro which uses a Micron C400 SSD might be the SED variety with OPAL support for Windows 8 Bitlocker + eDrive based on this..perhaps someone can confirm? http://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/surface/forum/surfpro-surfhardware/ssd-in-surface-pro-using-hardware-based-encryption/7cc9fcb0-bfb9-4fed-b925-ae75291e3de9 Reply LS1 says: December 15, 2013 at 15:10 Well I have the Surface Pro a try and it does not appear to use eDrive since it asked if I wanted to encrypt the used space or the entire drive then it ran through the encryption process which took a few minutes (based on the AnandTech article for the M500 this should not happen although I didn’t notice any performance loss even after checking with ATTO disk benchmark). Also tried a 2.5″ Samsung PM830 which is OPAL compliant and even says so on the sticker of the drive with the same results as with the Surface Pro. I thought the Samsung would be eDrive/OPAL compliant like the M500 but it doesn’t appear to be. Am I doing something wrong or perhaps the PM830 is OPAL 1.0 and the M500 and eDrive needs OPAL 2.0? On another note, the Samsung EVO firmware update to make it OPAL compliant is out now but I haven’t had a chance to try it out. Will report back when I do! Reply LS1 says: December 15, 2013 at 15:20 EDIT: Based on this http://www.wave.com/self-encrypting-drive-compatibility-list and reading the AnandTech article again it would appear you need an OPAL 2.0 compliant drive for Bitlocker + eDrive and the PM830 is not but the M500 and EVO are. Reply LS1 says: December 16, 2013 at 14:55 Reporting back on my experience with the Samsung EVO after updating the firmware to the TCG/OPAL complaint version and I was not able to use eDrive even though I believe I am meeting all the other requirements (UEFI, Windows 8, etc.). It was tested on a Lenovo K410 desktop without a TPM chip and on a Lenovo ThinkPad T430 with a TPM chip…if I can’t get it to use eDrive on a business class T430 then I don’t know what else to really try. Perhaps I’m still doing something wrong when I try to encrypt using BitLocker…I would appreciate any feedback from others who have had success with BitLocker eDrive on something other than the Crucial M500. Reply LS1 says: December 24, 2013 at 23:00 Finally got eDrive to work on the Samsung EVO but I had to install the Samsung Magician software and enable “Encrypted Drive” which instructed me to perform a secure erase and a clean install of Windows 8 which I did and it but I had to make sure the EVO was #1 on the boot order in UEFI/BIOS and also had to run “bcdboot %systemdrive%\Windows” from the Windows command prompt since I kept getting BitLocker errors saying “element not found”. After it’s done however the same problem as the Crucial M500 exists where the ATA security set is disabled and one CANNOT perform a Secure Erase on the drive and the Samsung Magician software doesn’t allow you to set “Encrypted Drive” back to “Ready to be Enabled” or “Disabled”. Reply LS1 says: December 26, 2013 at 15:49 So I spoke with Samsung about the Secure Erase and ATA commands not being available after using eDrive with Windows 8 and they told me that is part of the security features to disable ATA commands and if I want to perform a secure erase from this point forward I should run DISKPART ===> CLEAN. Ha! I don’t see how that is the same thing as a true secure erase which resets the NAND chips but Samsung claims that using DISKPART’s CLEAN command is how they reset all their drives. Reply JohnS says: December 26, 2013 at 20:46 I know next to nothing about eDrive, but it also doesn’t make sense to me that it would not allow a means of executing the Opal Secure Erase. This is a major feature of SED drives in general – the ability to securely erase an entire drive in just a few seconds. Admins love this and you see this feature hyped in many SED/Opal advertisements. Indeed, any PBA software (including eDrive) which doesn’t allow this I would consider brain-dead! The description of DiskPart’s Clean command (http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/cc766465(v=ws.10).aspx) says nothing about it executing an Opal Secure Erase. I doubt that it removes the data in a secure fashion. Note: Using the “all” switch won’t help. The SSD generally isn’t going to overwrite the actual data location with the new data because of wear leveling algorithms. This is why non-SED SSD drives are hard to erase. Reply LS1 says: December 26, 2013 at 21:03 I completely agree. However, if you have a non-SED SSD doesn’t a secure erase command on that do the same thing as a SED SSD? (i.e. sending a higher voltage to the NAND chips and resetting them to a clear/fresh state)? One other thing I noticed in the Samsung Magician software is under “Security” it gave me three options for the EVO…the first dealt with setting an ATA hard disk password through your BIOS, then TCG/OPAL and “Encrypted Drive”. This “Encrypted Drive” option is what had to be enabled to use BitLocker’s eDrive but when TCG/OPAL was selected it said something like “Must be managed by third party software” which would almost seem like BitLocker eDrive has nothing at all to do with OPAL compliance since it had it’s own option (#3). While I’m guessing OPAL 2.0 compliance is needed for BitLocker eDrive it makes wonder if BitLocker eDrive is somehow in it’s own lower class compared to other OPAL security solutions or if a manufacturer could make a BitLocker eDrive compliant drive that was NOT OPAL compliant. Do you know of a program that can perform an OPAL secure erase? Perhaps it’s something I could try on the EVO. Reply JohnS says: December 27, 2013 at 01:28 > However, if you have a non-SED SSD doesn’t a secure erase command on that do the same thing as a SED SSD? I don’t think so. On an SED drive changing the drive encryption password and showing all the sectors as unused is all that’s needed to do a secure erase (make data non-recoverable). > (i.e. sending a higher voltage to the NAND chips and resetting them to a clear/fresh state)? You would have to do this for every block, thus taking some time. When done, the drive wouldn’t be able to read the data but possibly specialized hardware could, unless you were willing to do multiple passes with varying patterns. This is similar to what it takes to securely erase a magnetic (rotating) hard drive. > One other thing I noticed in the Samsung Magician software is under “Security” it gave me three options for the EVO … Strange! I would think that the ATA software (BIOS and perhaps TCG manager) should be able to do any ATA function needed, and that the OPAL PBA and client software should be able to switch to Opal mode and handle any functions needed. > This “Encrypted Drive” option is what had to be enabled to use BitLocker’s eDrive … To me this implies that either the Samsung drive is not totally Opal standard, Microsoft BitLocker is not totally Opal standard, or both. It sounds like reason #12 to not use BitLocker. 🙂 > Do you know of a program that can perform an OPAL secure erase? Any of the PBA vendors, but you would probably have to use their software to set up the drive and load the client program on your operating system first. Side note: Beware when installing/updating the Samsung Magician software. It sets itself up as an autostart service (look in the Start program group). I don’t see any reason to have it loaded all the time. Also, I can’t say for sure, but twice short after upgrading Magician I found that my laptop’s power profile had been switched from my customized version back to the Microsoft default. Next time I upgrade I’ll know for sure. 🙂 Reply Jenson says: December 23, 2013 at 13:17 Hi to all, At first, i would like to thank the author for bringing this subject up. I would also like to thank the people in the discussion because it is suprisingly good. I am also into HDD/SSD security and I have lost huge amount of time by studying this subject, it is frustrating that the info on this is so unclear. In my opinion only transparent is really secure, and it is clearly not this case. I wanted to buy Samsung’s 840 pro SSD with the ATA-enabled encryption. Because there are unclear rumors how the ATA password can be bypassed (but to be honest, I did not found a single one case where it has been demonstrated how [check Tuco here, even the goverment wasn’t able to do so far]) I tried to study the OPAL SSDs. It sounds great on paper, but there is IMO also the flaw in it the same way like in the ATA-passwords, and that is, the SW handlinlg OPAL seems to be not transparent. I checked vendors who do the opal SW, and usually they are providing some sort of recovery password (marketing speaking as a benefit), but if some mechanism like this exists, than other master password can exists I think. Also it seems that none of this SW can be downloaded easily without given your credentials to these companies, so not even you cannot try it easily but also it brings more questions about pairing their products with a specific customers. So, now some questions. – does anybody here tried OPAL SW for standalone user in a real world, does any reviews of this SW exists? – does any open source OPAL SW exists, that would solve all the questions – is ATA-password really that bad? Yes on non-encrypted drives before it was bypassed, but now on modern SSD’s? – does OPAL SW have master password backdoors? How the HASH in there is generated? What is the real mechanism of encrypting the SSD’s key? This from what I red is vendor-dependend, and since they are not providing this info its a blackbox anyway. So in the end, so far the core problem is to be this: If I want to do maximum for my SSD security, should I trust ATA-password or OPAL more? P.S.: one of the OPAL vendors (secude) isbased in Switzerland and they say that are not under NSA like others. How about that. Reply JohnS says: December 24, 2013 at 01:27 The ATA password on most non-SED drives can be cracked. There are a half-dozen or so companies who offer to do it for you or offer products which will. SED (except for Opal) drives are another story. Only one of these companies claimed they could, and the person I spoke with said some things which I knew to be incorrect. He finally admitted that they hadn’t done one but thought the could. The SED (non-Opal) drive vendors generally do not generally release information about how they do it, so you have to assume the worst. This includes Samsung, who refused to even let me speak to someone past the Tech Support department. Exception: On certain models, both Seagate and Intel have proprietary schemes which they both claim are secure. I didn’t look into Seagate (since they didn’t have any SED SSD’s) but I did check with Intel. After about 3 months and having signed a NDA they answered my questions. I can’t discuss the specifics but suffice it to say that I was satisfied by their response. Opal drives provide a secure means for the PBA (Pre-Boot Authentication) software vendor to safely secure the drive as long as the PBA software itself is implemented correctly. Most who I spoke with used some version of Linux. One wrote their own custom software and another used Windows. Considering the lack of any significant track record and Windows dismal security history, I personally would not consider either of these. Almost all of the PBA vendors secure the passwords in about the same way. First, please realize that there are 3 sets of passwords. First: The drive’s encryption password(s) are stored by the drive’s Opal firmware on the drive and they NEVER enter/leave the drive. Never. They are encrypted by the drive access password(s) when stored. The drive access passwords don’t need to be stored. They are only used when unlocking the drive for access and the Opal firmware can easily determine if a supplied password is any good or not. Neither the user nor the PBA software ever reads or writes the drive’s encryption passwords. NEVER. Thus if the Opal drive falls into the wrong hands, and the bad guys manage to read the raw data from the drive, including the drive’s firmware storage area, it won’t do them any good. They would still need a drive access password to be able for the drive to be able to unencrypt the drive data password, and then use it to unencrypt the data. If the bad guys try a brute-force attack (supplying all possible drive access passwords) they will be blocked by the Opal firmware’s bad password rate-limiting. So as long as the PBA software does a good job protecting the drive access passwords, your data is safe. Second: The Opal drive’s access password(s) is what the PBA (not the user!) uses to unlock the drive for user access. The actual user NEVER reads or writes this password. The PBA stores this password and supplies it to the drive after it is satisfied that the user is authenticated (however). The PBA protects the storage of the drive access password(s) in two (or possibly more) ways. First, they are stored (as is the entire PBA itself) in a special area of the drive, the Shadow MBR (Master Boot Record). The MBR is where the boot process for a drive starts. So any code there runs before anything on the drive can be accessed. An Opal drive ensures that this is so by “locking” all other areas of the drive until a satisfactory unlock command (with drive access password) is supplied. At this time the Shadow MBR is disabled in favor of the regular MBR so that the drive can boot normally. With one exception (CryptoMill Technologies), all of the PBA vendors I asked about this assured me that they did not store the drive’s access passwords in plain text (or hashed). They are stored only after being encrypted by the PBA’s user access password (the password which the user uses). So even if the bad guys have the stored copy, it won’t do them any good unless they also have the PBA user access password. Third: Again, with the same single exception, all of the PBA vendors assured me that they either did not store the PBA user access password at all or that it was stored only as a salted hash of the password. This is potentially the weak link. If a user chooses a simple password then the bad guys could brute-force it. So it’s important that the user choose a password with at least 100 bits of entropy (128 to be safer). Generally, most ASCII characters in a password have about 4 – 6 bits of entropy. Thus a 20 to 30 character password is needed. A long password is better than a “complex” (lots of types of characters) short one. There you have it. The scheme seems good to me. The weak points are the user’s PBA access password choice, a bug in the Opal drive’s firmware, and a bug in the PBA software. It makes sense to choose vendors wisely. However, if you are securing top secret stuff, or you are just paranoid, I’d generally recommend using 2, totally separate schemes, including separate passwords. An Opal drive and TrueCrpyt (full disk) software would make a nice pair. Summary: I wouldn’t trust an ATA password on a non-SED drive (of any type) at all. On an SED (but not Opal) drive, I personally would trust Intel but not Samsung SSD’s. Opal drives I would trust in general. Make sure you get Opal-2, not Opal-1, by the way. The price premium for Opal is pretty small, so I’d recommend it even if you don’t feel you need it right away but might in the future. Master and Backdoor Passwords: There are generally 2 classes of passwords: Master (for the IT department) and user. The Opal drive firmware supports both as does all of the PBA software. Generally a master password is only set up by the PBA in the case of an enterprise which has a PBA server. The storage on this server is encrypted, of course, so that only the appropriate IT people can get to these passwords. Nothing to fear here. There are no backdoor passwords that I’m aware of. However, most PBA vendors do offer some sort of a “recovery” scheme. How can they recover the user’s password? If there is an enterprise server, then it has it stored. The user calls IT and hooks his machine to the LAN and they can activate it for him. Also, most PBA vendors offer a recovery option even for the stand-alone user (no PBA server, or he’s on the road with no office LAN connection). Most of the time this depends on the user having previously set up a few (at least 3) question & answer tests. Most (but not all) PBA vendors allowed this to be disabled if you didn’t want it. If not, you could always type in 30+ character junk answers. Most (but not all) PBA vendors also allowed the user to write his own questions, in addition to the answers. This is important because such questions as “Mother’s maiden name, City you were born in, Name of your high school” can often be Google’ed. So allowing the user to set up his own questions helps. Regardless, the answers need to total 20-30 characters else the bad guys could brute-force them. Other recovery means used by some included a backup of the password on a flash drive (don’t carry it with you!), or alternate multi-factor authentication. Finally, don’t think that the NSA’s influence doesn’t extend to other countries. Other governments often cooperate with them. Foreign companies typically have financial stakes in the US. All it takes is one employee to implement something for them. So if you have something which you don’t want the NSA to be able to read, act paranoid. Use two orthogonal schemes. This also helps limit the damage should a flaw be discovered later in one of the schemes. John Reply Jenson says: January 28, 2014 at 20:02 Thank you John for your extensive reply. I understand. I have contacted three OPAL vendors and none of them replied. I contacted them directly, since I refuse to give them all my credentials for just asking if they support my setup. What a shame. Reply cpbotha says: December 24, 2013 at 22:31 Dear Jenson, John and the rest, Thank you for the super coherent and informative discussion that you are maintaining here, I’m super happy with this! 1. Today I finally had time to read more about Opal. As a security-conscious Linux user, the fact that Opal management software all seems to be Windows based (with one or two hard-to-come-by-closed-source exceptions) is quite upsetting. 2. I spent an hour or so diagnosing the strange comment formatting on this theme. I found the problem and managed to fix it: http://wordpress.org/support/topic/enabling-newlines-linebreaks-carriage-returns-in-comments?replies=1 — comment formatting now much improved (it doesn’t eat your carriage returns anymore). However, it only nests to a few levels. I’ll send some more minutes to see if that can be fixed. Keep up the good work everyone! Charl Reply cpbotha says: December 24, 2013 at 22:36 I’ve increased the maximum nesting level to 9 (it was set to 5). The theme looks like it should be able to handle it. Reply LS1 says: December 27, 2013 at 22:21 Found some more info on BitLocker’s eDrive where they mention that the drive must meet some requirements from TCG & IEEE standards but no mention of OPAL and that the drive must be an “Encrypted Hard Drive” which they say is not the same as a SED. This would seem in line with the Samsung Magician software which shows three security options for the EVO (Class 0/ATA HD Password, TCG/OPAL, and Encrypted Hard Drive). This leads me to further believe that drives that work with BitLocker eDrive are in a seperate class of their own and not the same as OPAL 2.0 drives or typical SEDs. http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/hh831627.aspx Reply JohnS says: December 27, 2013 at 23:29 I believe the Microsoft reference to the TCG Trusted Storage Device is just another way of saying Opal. I think that they need at least Opal 2, not Opal 1. Why they just don’t say Opal, I don’t know. Microsoft eDrive does require a few other things, however: TPM (which I understand you can work around if you try hard enough), UEFI 1.2, and IEEE 1667. Perhaps the Samsung eDrive setting turns on IEEE 1667 support. From what I read, just about all of the Opal 2 drives also have IEEE 1667 support, so this shouldn’t be an issue in general. Good luck! Let us know how it works out. Reply LS1 says: January 9, 2014 at 15:03 I’m still having problems finding an easy OPAL Secure Erase option. I was able to find this under “Crypto-Erase”/SecureDoc but cannot seem to access the linked download http://www.utexas.edu/its/help/encrypt/1838 One other thing I’ve determined is that BitLocker eDrive can only be enabled after a clean install of Windows 8 Professional & the ATA security features are disabled immediately before BitLocker even runs the system check where it requires a reboot before encrypting! It seems that if you meet all the requirements for eDrive and attempt to use it it destroys the ATA feature set even before the encryption or full reboot system test is even completed. I am trying to determine how to enable it without doing a clean install and restoring an existing Windows 8 Professional image backup from programs such as Acronis, Norton Ghost, etc on a machine that has been verfied successfully with eDrive (even without a TPM chip btw!). I’ve tried a few things including doing a clean install then only restoring the data partition and leaving the freshly installed EFI and System partiions but each time I get the BitLocker options to “Encrypt either used space or entire drive” and eDrive cannot be enabled. Doing a Windows “refresh my system” does allow eDrive to be enabled on an restored image backup but it of course removes most if not all of your third party software. It seems that reinstalling Windows either fully or partially initializes the drive to be “eDrive ready” and I’m wondering if there is a command that one can issue or do something to make it work on an existing installation or backup image without doing a refresh or clean install. Any suggesions would be greatly appreciated 🙂 Reply LS1 says: January 9, 2014 at 19:44 Looks like in order to make it work with an existing installation one has to use the Microsoft Standard SATA AHCI Controller and not the Intel one…I had to remove the Intel one and go into safe mode in order to get it working right and eDrive can be enabled. Apparently after BitLocker eDrive is enabled one CANNOT update the standard SATA controller driver to the Intel one or Windows won’t even boot. Got this idea from a forum on Crucial’s site where a user had the same issue with the Crucial M500. Reminds me of some problems people had with the OCZ 3 series SSDs where they had to use the standard controller to prevent BSODs in Windows. Now to figure how out to perform an OPAL Secure Erase on this EVO drive. Reply Cliff says: January 21, 2014 at 17:21 So, just to confirm, you *WERE* able to use Intel drivers on a fresh install, correct? If so, any idea whether the Intel drivers can be updated henceforth? Also, if I have no interest in using the various Intel features (Rapid Response, Rapid Start, Smart Connect), is there any disadvantage to using the Microsoft drivers? Reply LS1 says: August 5, 2014 at 15:06 Yes, IIRC that worked just fine using the Intel drivers that are installed by default. I never tried updating the drivers but I suppose it can always cause issues. I can’t think of any major disadvantage to using the Microsoft drivers…but perhaps performance might suffer to a point where one could measure it, but likely never notice it? Reply tomek says: January 13, 2014 at 14:11 I’m aware this article is a bit old, but maybe you would like to ask Kingston if they correctly implemented encryption in they products (specifically i’m interested in mS200 series) and update it. Reply OZA says: January 17, 2014 at 19:43 Here is my dialogue with Samsung UK. Only took them 12 hours to respond and the response seems very clear to me. Hope this helps. — I have the 840 pro SSD. I am aware the the encryption option can be set via an ATA password in BIOS even WITHOUT TPM. However, I have a TPM motherboard with a TPM chip, my question is: will the SSD utilise the TPM chip to increase the encryption security? If the answer is ””yes””, my further question is: if I somehow damage/lose the TPM chip/motherboard, will the SSD be completely useless or will I be able to use it (I acknowledge that the data would be lost but that is a different matter). — thank you for your email. The SSD can use the TPM to increase the security, but if something goes wrong on the TPM the SSD will be useless because you won’t be able to run anything onto the SSD, not even the secure erase or the format. Anyway, if the SSD is still in warranty, you will be able to send the SSD to the Samsung repair center asking for a RMA number and it will be repaired. Reply Jenson says: January 28, 2014 at 20:05 I would really be curious HOW the TPM can enhance 840’s security on a pre-boot level. Don’t they talk about SW encryption? Reply Jenson says: January 28, 2014 at 20:27 Interesting related read: http://www.ivizsecurity.com/research/preboot/preboot_whitepaper.pdf Reply JohnS says: January 28, 2014 at 23:59 I only scanned the preboot article quickly, but I would suspect that it doesn’t apply to most Opal drives because Linux is used for the PBA by most Opal utilities. It is no longer accessible once the PBA completes, and the boot to the OS takes place. Also, the attacker would need access to a booted system. If he has this access, then he already has access to the unencrypted drive data. Reply Pro says: February 13, 2014 at 12:18 I read this article, most comments and many other related articles on SED. I still have questions: 1) When using a SED drive such as the Samsung 840 Evo/Pro with Truecrypt as full system drive encryption, is this encryption hardware assisted (so faster than what it would be using the same setup but with a NON SED disk)? 2) If so, are you still as secure as you would be on normal hard disk (non SSD)? Truecrypt mentions that when using SSD with TRIM (most modern SSD’s) things are not so safe.. 3) The only way to take FULL advnatage of the hardware accellartion of SED’s and to be as secure as possible is to have the damned ATA password in the BIOS? In that case you don’t need Truecrypt or any other software right? 4) What happens if you use the ATA password with a SED-SSD and motherboard breaks down? I suppose you lose all the data but can you take the SSD on a different pc and format it? Thanks Reply JohnS says: February 14, 2014 at 19:28 1) I’m not 100% sure, but I believe that Truecrypt does not use encryption done by the drive itself. 2) When doing software encryption on a SSD then TRIM (and a few other things) are issues. I’d opt to use the drive’s encryption since it avoids these issues. 3) Some self-encrypting SSD drives handle ATA passwords well. Intel does, for example. I tried to find out about Samsung but was unable to get the necessary info. 4) If the motherboard breaks, then you are in trouble. An ATA password gets “massaged” by the BIOS, so you have to find another machine with the same BIOS. Tacky! I’d depend on my backups instead. Consider an Opal drive (with support software) instead of using an ATA password. You can probably move the Opal drive to another machine if you need to (but check with the Opal software vendor!). Reply Pro says: February 15, 2014 at 09:42 Thanks John, you re-confirm what I already thought. So conclusions: 1) All modern SSD’s shouldn’t be used with TrueCrypt. 2) The whole SED thing is sort of useless for use on most desktop systems as they don’t support ATA passwords (and on most laptops too). 3) Even if you have an ATA password and an SED, you are tied on the speciifc motherboard you have. Again, this makes SED use practically useless, as motherboards can fail, or you might wanna simply move the drive to a new PC or laptop, which means you have to always keep backups (which will not be SED secured, so u will have to secure them using software again..). 4) OPAL drives are equally useless, my Samsung 840 Evo is OPAL, but again needs an ATA password, OR a clear format and then installation of Windows 8 only with Bitlocker (so again, not hardware only secure). What is the point of all of this then??? Luckily I didn’t buy my SSD cause it was SED/OPAL but just because it was a good fast and reliable SSD.. Reply JohnS says: February 17, 2014 at 07:54 Hi Pro. I think that your conclusions are somewhat pessimistic. SSD’s are a recent technology so you expect some “bleeding edge” effects. If you are tryping to protect your drive data with encryption (a good idea!) then using a SSD (vs a hard drive) does add some complications. SED’s eliminate the SSD complications and help with the encryption itself. I consider this a “plus”. Yes, it would be nice if TrueCrypt took advantage of the SED drive encryption. Some encryption software does currently (BitLocker does, in some cases) and I expect that the percentage will increase with time. But it is a chicken-or-egg thing, and you have to start somewhere. 🙂 It seems that ATA password implementation on drives is generally better on SSD drives than hard drives. And Opal drives are better yet. It is unfortunate that more desktops don’t support ATA. I guess that theft is more of a concern to laptop owners. But with all the recent attention to encryption in general, perhaps the desktop vendors will add it. it wouldn’t hurt to contact your vendor and make such a request. I wouldn’t worry too much about not being able to move an encrypted drive to a new machine. This should be an uncommon event. When it does happen, restore from a backup. You need to make backups anyway (in case the drive is stolen) so it’s no big deal, just an inconvenience. I don’t see why your Opal drive would require an ATA password. In general, an Opal drive doesn’t. Summary: Bleeding edge right now, but forecast looks better. Reply David Gusquet says: February 18, 2014 at 19:41 Hi, I’m able to activate (and deactivate) the ATA password on my Samsung SSD using hdparm, but my BIOS doesn’t ask for the password, it acts all crazy instead (Asus motherboard). I’m now wondering if there’s a way to automate the boot-up procedure: – boot into some Linux (command line only) on a USB flash drive – unlock the drive (a script that asks for the password and runs hdparm) – reboot into main OS (Windows in my case) Ideally, the only interaction during the whole process would be to enter the password and hit enter. As I am by no means a Linux expert, I’m hoping that someone could give some tips as to how rebooting is handled and what Linux flavor is preferred. Thanks for this blog post, I’ve learned quite a lot! Reply denny says: March 14, 2014 at 00:46 So, I made a bash script that starts on Ubuntu server whenever the main drive is locked. Here it is: Then just openvt -s -w bash /pathto/unlock.sh in rc.local My bios tries to boot the locked drive first and then falls back on Ubuntu server when that fails. The bash script starts in a virtual terminal before login, authenticates the user and does a warm reboot. It works really nicely but I’m not sure how good this is in a security point of view. Perhaps someone here can tell me what downsides there are? Is there some way the password can be logged when doing it this way? Is there a better distro than Ubuntu server which I’m using? Some feedback is always nice! I thought I could use my old Intel G2 to host this on a small partition. Reply diego says: March 22, 2014 at 13:26 I bought a Samsung 840 Evo SSD and have a Dell XPS 15 laptop. Is it possible to set the SSD ATA password with a third party software like hdat2 or hdparm? I’m worried about the way Dell BIOS sets the password, as described here: http://thaeial.blogspot.com.br/2013/01/locking-and-unlocking-hdd-with-dell.html. Reply r0m30 says: April 4, 2014 at 20:45 There doesn’t seem to be much on the net about SEDs at the consumer level. Looking into it, it doesn’t look like it will be that hard to code a piece of basic management software. One thing I see in here is your concern about what is actually stored on the drive for a password. Can I ask why? If someone has the ability to read the protected part of the drive they will also have the ability to return whatever is stored in the PIN field of the SID without trying to figure out how it was derived. What would you like to see stored in the authorization table? An arbitrary piece of a hash of the password, the MD5 sum of the hash of the password … ??? I’d be interested in hearing your input on this, I’m not heavy into the security, I nod off well before they start talking about elliptic curve domains. I’m also wondering how long it will be before a piece of malicious code starts floating around that takes ownership of OPAL drives that are still in the manufactured state and locks the user out? A “we haz crypted ur data, wanna buy a key” type of ransom-ware would be easy to wrap inside a virus/trojan. Reply r0m30 says: April 21, 2014 at 02:25 Not sure if anyone is still following this thread but I just wanted to let you know that I released the first part of a GPL Opal implementation. This release only contains the host management software. The reason for releasing this without a PBA is to enable people to PSID Revert their drives if they need to. Source code is available on GitHub at https://github.com/r0m30/msed Linux and Windows executables are available at http://r0m30.com/msed/files Reply JohnS says: April 28, 2014 at 01:47 Thanks! Reply Ken Berland says: May 22, 2014 at 20:31 “With the introduction of the SSD 840 and 840 Pro Series SSDs, Samsung has added AES hardware-based SED technology to its consumer SSD lineup. Simply enabling the ATA password via the BIOS will automatically render all data on the drive unintelligible without the proper password. Because it is implemented at the hardware level, there is no performance penalty like there is with a software-based FDE implementation. This feature is a valuable privacy tool for anyone who uses a portable computing device (e.g., laptop), especially frequent travelers.” See http://www.samsung.com/global/business/semiconductor/minisite/SSD/global/html/about/whitepaper06.html Reply JohnS says: May 22, 2014 at 21:03 Unfortunately Samsung refuses to say how and where they store the password on the drive. Traditional (non SED) drives with ATA passwords are often easy to crack. So without this information, the security of the Samsung drives is questionable. Reply Jayme Snyder says: September 22, 2015 at 23:42 Why does the password need to be stored on the drive? It can be like a password protected RSA private key or use PKCS#8. A password has to be supplied as part of the computation to decrypt the actual AES key used to encrypt the disk valid. When a password is supplied, the resulting key can be used to confirm that when a logical block is read, the expected value is returned – ie. read hidden sectors outside of the ATA addressable LBAs and confirm that they return a known value like deadbeef If yes, the correct password is was provided and assume that the same algorithm used on 32 bytes of other hidden sector range is now the valid AES key to encrypt/decrypt the disk… if no, try password again until unlock retries exceeded – wipe the area of the disk with the encrypted AES key or halt disk until power reset. Let the user use software to provision the initial keys or at least supply random data to the drive firmware for key generation. The first key and it’s password can be changed any time after the disk is encrypted and you make millions of dollars selling SED drives. The weak side here or with any encryption scheme is how can you ever tell if the drives firmware has been tampered with… Even if it left the factory with working FDE, it’s kind of hard to verify that it’s still got a secure implementation weeks later… and you can’t exactly ask “hey firmware, have you gone evil? tell me what you look like to prove it!” At least with open source software FDE schemes you can compare the software with other software, before the other software doing the work is loaded, to see if it has changed… But then again it may be harder to get access to the memory of the hard disk controller then the memory of the system to recover keys… or maybe not http://spritesmods.com/?art=hddhack&page=3 So maybe if you are truly paranoid, you will use both… Reply John Souvestre says: October 21, 2015 at 01:25 You present some interesting possibilities, but the problem is that Samsung refused to say how they did it. So there is no information to base a decision on. Considering that almost all other manufacturers I checked with did provide info supporting their claims of using secure methods, one is left wondering why Samsung is reluctant to say anything about their method. A prudent person has to therefore assume the worst case. Reply Ming says: May 23, 2014 at 23:34 What about Crucial’s M500 SSDs? After hours of searching on the Internet, I came across this answer from Community Moderator, Crucial_YogiH in their forums. Does it mean that the M500 meets the requirements to be added to this list? “Yes, the M500 does support the ATA command set, formally known as the ATA Security Feature Command Set. If you choose to use this, the drive gets locked by a BIOS password.” http://forum.crucial.com/t5/Solid-State-Drives-SSD/Crucial-M500-ATA-Password-and-Disk-Encryption/td-p/146088 On a side note. If I have enabled the ATA password on the M500 (or any drive), then my laptop dies, can I put the drive in an external eSATA enclosure and supply the password to access the data? Can’t find this information anywhere on the Internet. (I understand USB enclosures probably don’t work as they don’t support the required ATA commands.) Reply r0m30 says: May 25, 2014 at 02:00 @Ming, Re: your side note. As is often the case, “it depends”. If you know how the bios manipulates the password you enter before sending it to the drive then yes you could use something like hdparm to unlock the drive and recover the data. Unfortunately most (all?) bios vendors do not document this so in the vast majority of cases the answer will be no. The bios could use the ascii characters you enter as the password, or it could use the keyboard scan codes as the password, it could also pad the password (often with hex 00). The bios could also perform some type a hashing on the entered password before sending it to the drive. Without documentation it is unlikely you will stumble across the correct password. Your best bet for recovery is backup the data often then back it up again. Reply iancu says: September 16, 2014 at 19:25 does anyone know if it’s possible to use hdparm to activate the ATA security that the user is required to enter a password at bios, to use hd parm to set the passwords user and master? is it possible to do this with hdparm commands on the majority of laptops/desktops or do you really have to know exactly how the bios manipulates the user password you set with hdparm? secondly does anyone know why adding this layer of security is such a pain in the ass? there has to be a reason or all vendors would happily advertise it and charge as much as possible for it. Reply Al Winston says: January 4, 2015 at 19:47 You may want to amend this article a bit to include a list of motherboards with UEFI BIOS that support ATA passwords. It seems that despite the ubiquity of SSDs that support the fast, simple and reliable hardware encryption (Samsung 840/850 EVO and Intel 300,500, 700 series), ASRock and others do not have the ability to set an ATA password in their BIOS. Further, this particular feature in a motherboard is never advertised nor is it brought up as a feature in review articles that compare motherboards. And before I get these comments on how “ATA Passwords are not secure”, please read this first: https://www1.informatik.uni-erlangen.de/filepool/projects/sed/seds-at-risks.pdf If you just turn off your machine, a hardware encrypted SSD is near, if not completely, uncrackable. And to see just how lame the reasoning is for not providing the ATA Password feature in BIOS is: http://www.pugetsystems.com/labs/articles/Introduction-to-Self-Encrypting-Drives-SED-557/ In other words, this feature is not implemented because it works well. What the . . ? ASRock, would you PLEASE implement this functionality in your UEFI BIOS!! Reply HikingMike says: January 6, 2015 at 16:56 “And to see just how lame the reasoning is for not providing the ATA Password feature in BIOS is: http://www.pugetsystems.com/labs/articles/Introduction-to-Self-Encrypting-Drives-SED-557/“ “So rather than risk having an angry customer that accidentally locked their drives, they leave that specific feature of SEDs disabled.” It sounds like they see the costs as not being worth it. They don’t see saving money and customer satisfaction as lame. They could offer two options. That way people that want the encryption and associated risks can have it done right, and the rest don’t have the risks slid in behind them. Reply Al Winston says: January 6, 2015 at 18:06 I can see both sides, but it sways toward having the BIOS ATA Password option. There will be the occasional customer who screws up the password situation. On the other hand, there are millions of customers using Samsung and Intel SSDs who would like this feature. The cost to amend the BIOS is minimal, the potential business opportunity is huge. So ASRock’s tech team responded to my request and gave me their BIOS with the ATA Password option. But they didn’t post it on their BIOS update website. Hence they have the option for it, as you suggested HikingMike. It would be great if this option were both advertised so people know it’s available (perhaps with a small hurdle so they understand the risks) and if more motherboard manufacturers even offered it. Kudos to ASRock for having it available, at least. Reply pro says: January 6, 2015 at 20:44 making a non encrypted backup defeats the whole purpose of encryption.. Could you make a clone that IS encrypted? With TrueCrypt I’m sure you can.. Reply HikingMike says: January 6, 2015 at 21:23 making a non encrypted backup defeats the whole purpose of encryption.. Could you make a clone that IS encrypted? With TrueCrypt I’m sure you can.. Not necessarily. I’m guessing you’re replying to Al Winston’s idea below. His idea is pretty simple. If you access your non-encrypted backup device very rarely and normally keep it in a different location (a locked safe even), then that can be a valid strategy for a user. They may carry their laptop around everywhere, leave it in a public place by accident, or have it stolen, but the other backup device doesn’t have the same exposure so that makes sense to me. It definitely does not defeat the whole purpose. You can make a clone that is encrypted by just using another encrypted drive in the same computer (that may only be usable if it’s in the same computer), or by using TrueCrypt like you say so you can actually access it with any computer that has TrueCrypt. Mentioning TrueCrypt, you have to bring up the situation that software is in that causes some people to no longer trust its encryption solution. However it is currently undergoing an independent security audit, Phase I is complete (looks pretty good). Whether or not you trust the auditors is another thing 🙂 Reply Al Winston says: January 7, 2015 at 18:31 Well, there’s still debate on whether Truecrypt increases wear on SSDs, although I do not claim to know about this. It fills the entire SSD, so things like overprovisioning no longer increase the life of the drive, supposedly. Also, since Truecrypt is no longer supported or being developed, there’s that concern as well. It just seems easier and simpler to go the hardware encryption route. Reply HikingMike says: January 7, 2015 at 22:35 No reason the backup drive needs to be an SSD if wear is a concern. I’d guess it’s not a concern for most though. Only the SSD itself can access the overprovisioned space. Reply John Souvestre says: January 7, 2015 at 07:55 Better yet, back up to a SED drive. Then you don’t have to worry about exposing the data if the backup drive is stolen. Reply Al Winston says: January 6, 2015 at 02:06 OK, I’ve got some news here. Because I want to make sure this is found by people wanting an ATA Password, I’m going to throw in buzzwords like ASRock Extreme6 Z97 motherboard, Samsung 840 EVO SSD with AES encryption (or Class 0 as they call it in Driver Magician), the Intel 320 and 520 and 530 systems with AES hardware encryption. There. Now, I received an email today from somewhere in Asia where they write the BIOS for ASRocks UEFI BIOS. They said they wrote “me” a new BIOS, but I’m going to suspect that they had it but didn’t release it because they were afraid people would lock themselves out of their drives. The bottom line is, there is an ASRock UEFI BIOS 1.07B, an addition to the 1.07 BIOS. This B version has ATA Password capability for each drive in your system. Now, I’ve not tested how many characters, nor have I looked to see if it can do hash marks, or symbols or caps vs lowercase. What I have tested is encrypting it with the ATA password on my ASRock machine and then putting the SSD into another machine . . . it would either not be recognized or completely unreadable, even by some forensic software I’ve got. This was true for a Samsung 840 EVO 1tb and for an Intel 520 480gb. Sooo, if you have an ASRock motherboard, you’re in luck. I hope I don’t cause any trouble by providing the email address of the technical support team that sent me the BIOS: Asrock_TSD@asrock.com.tw For all those with Samsung 840/850 EVO and Intel SSDs, if you buy an ASRock motherboard, you can do hardware encryption with all the advantages noted above. HOWEVER: based on what I’ve read, if you power off the machine and then forget your ATA Password . . . no one can help you. Not Samsung, Intel, ASRock or the NSA. Unless somehow you can brute force it. Reply Al Winston says: January 6, 2015 at 18:16 So that others who encounter this excellent thread can understand, an encrypted SSD can be backed up/cloned to a nonencrypted drive as backup. The nonencrypted drive can then be stored/secured offsite or away from the computer. This would then address both security and the concerns about a single chip failure in the SSD preventing drive access. Reply pro says: January 10, 2015 at 08:34 A few thoughts here: 1) This thread is excellent indeed. 2) Call me paranoid, but if I have data that is encrypted, it means I consider it too important to encrypt it in the first place. To me, making a non encrypted backup of stuff that I did bother encrypting still makes no sense, even in a safe. That’s just me though. On The other hand, I don’t encrypt the whole drive (with the exception of my work’s computer which is at work, which other people like the admin, the cleaners, or basically whoever (our building is very very low security) have physical access too..). Do I care if my hdd at work fails? Nope, cause the files that are important to me, I have also on an encrypted USB.. 3) As far as TC is concerned, I know it’s not supported anymore, but I don’t care, I choose to trust it, it has never been proven to be cracked in the past. As far as I know, Microsoft bought out the creators, just so that it can monopolize it’s own encryption software. If I was the creator of TC and MS paid me a couple of million or whatever, I’d say whatever they wanted me to say too!!! 4) I just contacted ASUS for the possibility for a beat bios with ATA password for my main PC, and they said it’s not happening,. shame that most manufacturers don’t support ATA pass for desktops.. Reply Al Winston says: January 10, 2015 at 15:26 Pro shows that there’s a lot more than one way to do this. I’d go with hardware AES encryption for my SSD, because it’s fast, which is why I’m using an SSD. For a regular hard drive, TrueCrypt is probably better, although I am going to claim ignorance ’cause I’m not sure. Hard drives don’t have the hardware encryption of the EVO or Intel SSDs, I don’t think. Anyway, locking stuff up in a safe is pretty reliable (as is storage off-site), but ultimately security can be breached. Sony. Need anyone say more? What’s best is what makes the user the most comfortable, and all options should be available. Hence my annoyance with ASUS and Gigabyte and such who won’t give BIOS with this feature. I’m still somewhat stunned at how quickly ASRock turned around and gave me the updated password. I also am stunned at their most recent email: They KNOW about this feature and they knowingly are NOT posting it on their board out of concern that newbies would lock themselves out of their drives with no recourse. The same reason ASUS gave for not doing it at all. Reply HikingMike says: January 10, 2015 at 21:04 Interesting thoughts in last 2 comments, and shows what different viewpoints people can have. Also about TrueCrypt, yeah I don’t have a problem trusting it myself personally. The situation is strange (still not sure what happened), but I’m sure it still works fine, and definitely good enough for me. And for #2 by pro… that’s a good point. I cannot imagine how terrible I would feel if I had such important data that I’d encrypt it and then the chance that I could forget the password or something and lose it forever. Anyway, making backups is light years higher on the list than encrypting for me personally but lots of people here put it higher than I do obviously. For work, that can certainly be another issue. I’ll end by saying that security is really not an absolute thing. Yes, information security is hard. This probably applies to network security most of all but I’ll include data storage. There are different strategies, different pros and cons and trade-offs, and there is a whole spectrum of how secure something can be. The general public are beginning to realize this more as the news items continue to build up. Reply r0m30 says: January 11, 2015 at 03:26 Just want to correct Al’s statement on hard drives not having hardware encryption. While currently most do not there are some on the market, the ST500LT025 (OPAL 2.0) is one I know for sure does, Seagate also makes some “cloud” drives that are OPAL Enterprise and Toshiba makes some OPAL 2.0 drives as well but I haven’t tested any of those so can’t comment further. I would expect to see more come to market as eDrive is now “standard” as of Win 8.1. Before I stir up a hornets nest, I am *NOT* promoting eDrive. I think it is criminal that to have eDrive fully implemented for non-domain (essentially non-business) users you have to give M$ an administrator account on the machine. Reply r0m30 says: January 29, 2015 at 09:25 Hello all, Just wanted to let everyone know that I have released a version of msed that supports OPAL compliant drives. msed will allow you to enable the TCG/OPAL encryption without the need for any additional bios support. The just released version (0.20beta) only has a PBA for BIOS computers (no UEFI support yet). There is currently no support for sleep (s3) but hibernation does work. The program is open source. Source code is available on github at http://www.github.com/r0m30/msed (host management utility) and http://www.github.com/r0m30/syslinux (PBA). Executables and a prebuilt PBA are available at http://www.r0m30.com/msed/files. This is still early lifecycle code but I’m using it on my primary machine so bugs should be fixed pretty quickly. Documentation is being developed now but there are some quick and dirty instructions for getting it running at http://www.r0m30.com/msed/project-updates Reply cpbotha says: February 6, 2015 at 07:20 r0m30, I’m super happy that you wrote msed, thank you very much!! Up to now I’ve been using Intel 520s, but I’m currently waiting for a new workstation with a Samsung 850 PRO SSD, which looks like it’s OPAL compliant, in it. If I manage to get your tool working, I’ll probably write another post here, and/or amend this one. Reply r0m30 says: February 7, 2015 at 01:21 @cpbotha Hope it works well for you. If you have any problems please open an issue at https://github.com/r0m30/msed/issues I have an 850 EVO (non-pro) and that drive is OPAL compliant and works with msed. msed has also been tested on the 840 EVO as well. Reply cpbotha says: February 11, 2015 at 21:58 Hi there r0m30! I was able to build, configure and install your msed and PBA image on my new Samsung 850 PRO. I wrote up everything in this post: http://vxlabs.com/2015/02/11/use-the-hardware-based-full-disk-encryption-your-tcg-opal-ssd-with-msed/ Thank you very much for this fantastic utility! (please let me know in the comments to the other posts if you’d like anything changed) I’m also quite curious if you know how exactly Samsung treats the hash your tool passes to it. To they use it to encrypt / decrypt the actual drive encryption keys (that would be great, and would count as “usable”) or is the hash simply compared to a stored one, but not actually used to encrypt the drive encryption keys (“unusuble”). Thanks again, Charl Reply r0m30 says: February 12, 2015 at 03:05 Hi Charl, Thanks for trying msed and posting on your experience. I don’t “know” but I doubt that ANY OPAL drive encrypts the DEK with the AK. OPAL is designed to be a multi-user solution. It is possible to give multiple users the ability to unlock a Locking Range. You could give user1, user2 and user3 the ability to unlock the Global Locking range (the OS and swap partitions) and then give each of them the ability to only unlock one user unique Locking Range that controls the portion of the drive that has a partition with their home directory. Whose key would you use to encrypt the Global Locking Range DEK (or more accurately the Range Encryption Key)? With the ability to define multiple users and multiple locking ranges it would be quite difficult to encrypt a DEK (REK) with a single users AK. Reply Mosquito337 says: February 3, 2015 at 14:00 Do you need to install this “ATA security extension Bios” only to set the password or do you also need it to enter the password later at startup? If only needed for password setting, then why not plug the SSD to a notebook with a bios supporting 32 characters ATA password. Then unplug the SSD and put it in your desktop. Even if the desktop mainboard would not have any feature to set or modify an ATA security password, the password (hash) is already “in” the SSD, because it was placed there as shown above. When the machine now boots, the SSD should provide the short boot up routine to enter the password for its unlocking. This is how I understand the “TCP OPAL” specification – that the SSD runs a boot routine to enter the pw for itself. So what is your experience? Do you still need the mainboards’ BIOS in order to enter the pw and send it to the SSD or does the SSD manage the pw entry on its own after it has been set once? Cheers, Mosquito337 Reply Mosquito337 says: February 3, 2015 at 16:00 Ok, after reading almost all posts here, I think to answer my questions myself: 1. For ATA security password you need the Bios for both, setting the pw + entering it all the times needed for boot. If you change the drive to another machine with another mainboard/ BIOS version/ type, it is likely the transfer of the ATA pw will be handled differently so that you cannot access your data anymore. You would likely need the same mainboard + BIOS version as when the ATA pw was set. Further, there is intransparency in many cases by the manufacturers as how the AES encryption key is generated or protected by hashing the ATA pw. It can be everything from using the key openly and the same for all drives and so on or have it properly defined, encrypted, decrypted by utilizing a hash from the ATA pw. 2. OPAL is a new specification for some newer SSDs or firmware updates to some older ones. Drives with that are independent from the mainboard. However, you need a 3rd party software in order to provide a PBA-programme that is then executed first at boot to let enter the pw. The pw is set by a management software within the particular operating system. The PBA-programme ist stored at some open (=always unencrypted) space on the SSD – because there must be something unencrypted before the encryption pw can be entered. This storage area for the PBS is different from the rest of the SSD that is inaccessible due to its AES encryption as long as no correct pw is provided. There is a software “Embassy Security Center” for about 40$ that seems to do this job: http://store.digitalriver.com/store/wavesys/en_US/home/ThemeID.13077500 I only need this software in order to modify or initially set the pw, but I can move the drive to any other machine, even without having this software installed on it, because the PBA works directly from out of the SSD and this is enough to enter the pw to unlock. So far so good. I will try it out in the next days after I receive my new PC with a Samsung 850 EVO 1TB in it. – A side comment: I wonder why the OPAL guys or drive manufacturers do not provide a universal PBA on their own? They could make a completely independent SSD, not depending on 3rd party software (OPAL Management), nor 3rd party hardware (Mainboard with BIOS for ATA pw). Just put a PBA in the SSD that at first start asks to set a pw and for later starts asks to enter the pw for unlocking or type in a listed command to modify/ delete the pw. That should not be so difficult. Why all this mess with relating SSD-encryption to BIOS, OS managed software, etc.? SSD encryption could or SHOULD be a stand alone solution. Reply r0m30 says: February 4, 2015 at 00:38 @Mosquito337 If that new computer is Windows 8.1 and you don’t mind giving Microsoft an administrative account on your machine and your keys eDrive will manage the hardware encryption of OPAL 2.0 drives. Re: the ability to move the drive with OPAL. You MAY be able to move the drive. It depends on the implementation of the software you use. The software could use the computers TPM to generate/manage the key and in this case moving the drive would probably not be possible. I don’t know for certain but from the description of ESC it looks like that is the case. It is also not required that a PBA be used, the software could install a UEFI module to manage the unlocking of the drive. The Enterprise SSC does not require the implementation of the shadow MBR table (where the PBA is stored). That is an interesting idea of combining the management environment into the PBA, I’ll have to take a look at making that an option for msed. As to why there is no universal PBA. The TCG (the OPAL guys) are a standards body and developing/releasing software would put them in direct competition with their sponsors. I wouldn’t expect to see the hardware vendors releasing OPAL management simply because the vast majority of their customers are going to be windows users who will use eDrive and blithely surrender their keys to MS. Reply pro says: February 3, 2015 at 22:04 “” I wonder why the OPAL guys or drive manufacturers do not provide a universal PBA on their own? Why all this mess with relating SSD-encryption to BIOS, OS managed software, etc.? “” Mosquito337, that is a good questions. All this hype and advertising of OPAL drives and SED’s and in practice it’s unusable by most users. Has anyone used r0m30’s software? I wouldn’t use some non official tool in case I got locked out of my own drive.. Reply r0m30 says: February 4, 2015 at 00:55 “I wouldn’t use some non official tool in case I got locked out of my own drive..” That’s interesting, one of the premises of this post is that you modify your bios to enable the use of the ATA password on motherboards that don’t have “official” ATA password support. The primary use of msed for the last year has been to recover Crucial SSD’s that the owner had been locked out of by Windows or another OPAL management software program, because until very recently Crucial did supply any software to do that job. Reply Mosquito337 says: February 6, 2015 at 18:47 Hi r0m30, my new computer is Win 7 Ultimate. No Win 8(.1) or 10 😉 I have no TPM chip installed. So I expect the OPAL management software to place the PBA on the SSD directly with no relation to the machine or mainboard, etc. I wonder, if I could put the SSD in another machine that boots up from another drive. There, I could install again the OPAL management software and access the SSD this time as non-system drive? It should be possible to unlock it without deleting it, as long as I provide the right pw, no? Anyway, as I have an ASrock mainboard (X99X Killer), I also contacted the support on the email provided above by Al Winston. They returned one day later with the BIOS Update including ATA security password handling. I understood the rest of their email, that 32 characters is fine and that nothing is stored in the CMOS of the BIOS, but transfered to the SSD. They say to not be able to help me, if I forget the pw – which is exactly what I want from them. I think, I will go with this feature to use the ATA security BIOS, if it was provided to me for free and there is no guarantee, too, that the OPAL management software will support moving the SSD to another machine, etc. I understand, that my data may be lost, if the mainboard fails. But this is just another risk as if the SSD would fail. I can do backups from time to time and store them in a Truecrypt (or Veracrypt) container on a USB external HDD. If the mainboard really would fail, I will get back the same as long there is warranty, and later, I could get one of the same cheap on a flea market, a used one at ebay, etc. I just have to store the BIOS Update at a safe place to reload it then. So actually nothing that could not be handled, I think. Reply HikingMike says: February 6, 2015 at 19:02 Great update Mosquito. Is there any chance you could try that test? After your configuration is complete, bring your encrypted SSD to another computer to learn if you could access it. Reply r0m30 says: February 7, 2015 at 01:12 @Mosquito337 Yes, msed managed drives can be unlocked and read on a different computer that boots from another drive if you install the host management program. One thing to be aware of is that msed only supports ATA attached drives. It will not try to manage/unlock a drive in a USB enclosure (although some usb enclosures under Linux do look like ATA attached drives so the host management software does work). The PBA and AK are managed independently of the bios/motherboard. The loadPBAimage command will place the PBA in the shadow MBR table on the drive. The drive then presents this image to the bios at boot time if the MBREnable flag is set. The password is hashed using the PBKDF2 function salting it with the drive serial number as returned by the ATA IDENTIFY command before it is sent to the drive as the “C PIN” (what the TCG calls the password). This creates a drive unique password for each managed drive. msed doesn’t create any superAdmin or other backdoor either, it never stores or saves your password, so if you forget your password you are in the same situation as with the BIOS password, except that, unlike ATA security, OPAL provides a way to crypto erase and reuse the drive if you have forgotten the password. You seem to have done your homework and are aware of the issues around encrypting your drive using the ATA password and/or OPAL, good luck and enjoy your new system. Reply Henrik says: February 12, 2016 at 00:22 r0m30> “msed doesn’t create any superAdmin or other backdoor either, it never stores or saves your password,” As a security(privacy) conscious user, I applaud that! I seriously love the work you do! Sadly however, this translates into “msed creates a single user system.” and as a security(availability) conscious admin I see a couple of problems. * You can not share a notebook with somebody, without also sharing the password. * You can not deposit a recovery password in a bank vault in case your CEO has a stroke. * You can not access data on the disk if your capricious marketing guy flips the table and leaves the company in a less than friendly mood. * You can not access the developer machine where an important local branch awaits pushing into the central git repository, while the developer is off hiking in the himalayas. Provided, you have a policy in place that forbids storing private data on company hardware, you (as a company) are owner of all the data stored on the disk. You have the right to access that data. Still you can’t if the user will not (or can not) provide the password. Sure, you can force your users to accept the password that you have selected for them and not provide an easy way to change it, but you can’t really guard against the user changing the password, as there is only one password, and it is THE master password. In most cases however, you will only add to the pile of post-it notes they keep hidden from you, because they are only human and can’t cope with yet another ugly long password. Heck, they have a hard time remembering their Facebook password, and without iforgot.apple.com they would be lost. There is a good reason for software like KeePass… I don’t know how much “multiuser” is provided by OPAL already and how much the management software needs to do by itself. In case there is only one key per locking range, I’d propose, storing that key in the PBA. Yes, even multiple copies of it! Each of them AES encrypted with a different user’s password. If the user wants to change his password, he provides his old password and the new password. Now “his” copy of the key gets decrypted with the old password and (properly salted) encrypted by the new one. In case you fear that a user deletes everybody else’s key files, you could keep your copy offline. Maybe even print its hexdump and put it in the vault… After all a 256bit key is only 43 characters (base64 encoded). Cheers -Henrik Reply r0m30 says: February 12, 2016 at 12:01 @Henrik Yes, msed/sedutil is a single user solution. It isn’t an enterprise solution and wasn’t meant to be. I understand the scenarios you list are real in the business world but they have access to solutions tailored to them (although one of those vendors recently filed for bankruptcy). Opal does provide multiple accounts for both “administrators” and “users”. Simple multi-user support wouldn’t be very difficult from the software side of things as long as only the global range is implemented. Setting up a sub-range creates a new key for the range so all the data that was there is lost and no matter how many times you warn people or how big the font you use to warn them when someone looses their data they are going to blame the software not themselves. I don’t see this as something that will be implemented in the near-term, currently the focus is on adding attachment support beyond ATA and making it easier to use. Reply Henrik says: February 15, 2016 at 18:00 @r0m30 The available management solutions for businesses (that I have looked into) at are Windows Based. At most they offer a Linux client if you buy into their windows server based infrastructure. After that, the fact that those are closed source products, seems hardly worth mentioning… BTW: Which vendor filed for bankruptcy? A solution with msed where multiple users have access to the same locking range, using their own password would address most of the user stories that I have mentioned. There would be a user called “admin” and his password would be stored in the vault. The normal user would provide his own password when going to get the machine from the IT department. Ideally, changing your own password would be possible from within the PBA, but that would be icing on the cake. It would e.g. allow installing a new machine by cloning it from an installation image, encrypting the drive with the admin password and a temporary user password, shipping it to the user and passing the temporary password via a different channel to him. One question: How could the “I’ve forgot my password. Help me admin. You’re my only hope.”-situation be handled? Would all users effectively have admin privileges to create/change/delete users on that locking range, or would every user be limited by opal to manipulating his own user entry? If so, how are users initially created? Reply r0m30 says: February 16, 2016 at 18:13 @Henrik Yes, the commercial solutions focus on Windows, that’s where the money is. Linux users tend to be more free/open source biased. Not worth mentioning or not interesting to you? Wave systems filed chapter 7 a few weeks ago. The SID user could be used in the scenario you describe. The SID has the authority to change the Admin passwords. So …… sedutil-cli –initialsetup userpassword /dev/sda sedutil-cli –sedSIDpassword userpassword secretpassword /dev/sda. Lock secretpassword in your vault. (double check the syntax, I’m doing this off the top of my head) If you need to access the data then you retrieve secretpassword and use it to set a new Admin1 password then you unlock the drive using the new Admin1 password. This also works for I forgot/lost my password please save me from my own recklessness. I want to keep the PBA as simple as possible so I would suggest wrapping the password change using sedutil-cli in a script or gui if you prefer. The above is an attempt to give you a solution for the current implementation of sedutil. The Opal spec has multiuser access functions that are not yet implemented that would allow for sharing of equipment without sharing passwords and segmenting the drive into sections that can have access granted/denied on a per user basis. Adding this functionality to sedutil is NOT expected any time soon. Reply Henrik says: March 22, 2016 at 16:35 > The SID user could be used in the scenario > you describe. The SID has the authority > to change the Admin passwords. So …… Seems like that is not the case. If I try to change the Admin1 password, I need the old Admin1 password: root@grml ~/sedutil # sedutil-cli –setAdmin1Pwd sidpwd newadmin1pwd /dev/sda – 15:30:49.837 ERR : method status code NOT_AUTHORIZED – 15:30:49.837 ERR : Session start failed – 15:30:49.863 ERR : One or more header fields have 0 length – 15:30:49.863 ERR : EndSession Failed 1 root@grml ~/sedutil # Or is there a different command within sedutil-cli for that? Or maybe my version is outdated? root@grml ~/sedutil # ./sedutil-cli msed v1.10 Copyright 2014,2015 Michael Romeo Reply r0m30 says: March 26, 2016 at 21:48 I’ll have to research, busy right now it will probably be several weeks before I have time. Reply Mosquito337 says: February 12, 2015 at 02:12 @r0m30 Just got my PC with the Samsung 850 EVO. It seems to have this shitty master password already set and “security level high”, not “max”. I applied hdparm and it looks similar like this other guy found for his 840 Pro: https://www.zeitgeist.se/2014/09/07/enabling-ata-security-on-a-self-encrypting-ssd/#comment-3910 hdparm –Istdout /dev/sda (for me it is drive a, he has it as b, then sdb) the “word 128” tells about the security setting: “word 128 (0021): security status (bit 8: MASTER PASSWORD CAPABILITY ~ 0 = high, 1 = max; bit 4: SECURITY COUNT ~ 1 = EXPIRED; bit 3: SECURITY FROZEN; bit 2: SECURITY LOCKED; bit 1: SECURITY ENABLED)” I am stuck here. May move to OPAL if this could help, however, I am not sure, if this is a general feature, so that the “master password” will remain active even when I used a OPAL software (ok, I could check with hdparm afterwards, if this “bit 8” in “word 128” had changed to 1, finally. Reply r0m30 says: February 12, 2015 at 04:04 I’m no ATA security expert, I’ve never owned a machine that supported the BIOS password. What I can tell you is that once OPAL security is enabled the ATA security feature set is disabled by changing the DCO, OPAL and ATA security are mutually exclusive. You haven’t mentioned if the drive has data you want to keep on it, fair warning some of the steps below can/will erase the drive, Backup any data you value. Write down your PSID so you can revert the drive if necessary. Now do another backup 🙂 I’m guessing but the master password is probably there as a backdoor for Samsung magician to be able to “rescue” you from a forgotten/lost the ATA password. You can’t handle real security after all so the benevolent Samsung will make sure you don’t hurt yourself; Have you contacted the PC manufacture to see what they have to say about the master password? Maybe the are the ones creating the backdoor. Have you tried Samsung Magician? It has the capability to change the security state of the drive. You could try setting the drive to TCG status and seeing what hdparm and msed –query tell you after it makes the changes. I’m leery of the “eDrive” security status because I don’t know what Samsung thinks is so special about eDrive, it’s OPAL 2.0 with Single User Mode but they claim it’s special so they could disable the PSID user making a PSID revert impossible. This is against Microsoft’s recommendations for eDrive but without transparency you can’t be sure. On my 850 non-pro I didn’t do anything but run msed to setup the drive, but it was a new drive not part of an OEM package. Reply Mosquito337 says: February 12, 2015 at 13:27 Thank you r0m30 for this fruitful discussion! What you describe would be my next step. However, before that I will give the ATA security one last chance: According to https://www.zeitgeist.se/2014/09/07/enabling-ata-security-on-a-self-encrypting-ssd/ there should be a way to reset the Master Password, as long as the drive is unlocked (no user pw set) and the security level is 0 (“high”): hdparm –user-master m –security-set-pass masterpass /dev/sdb (or sda, if this is the SSD): “will overwrite factory default master password” I am not sure about the syntax, but hope that “masterpass” means the new password, so masterpass = BennyBunny for example (not my pw ;-). I should be able to then set a different user pw (e.g. Jabberwocky) in my Bios. Restart the system (with power off to let the drive lock), then enter the user pw to boot up my system and in a second run use the master pw to do the same. This should give proof, if I could redefine the master pw. Btw, yes I did backup my system. However, it is a clean one, so not much than OS itself on it. Will transfer my important data later to it, if all works. Here is more background information from Samsung about this master password: http://www.samsung.com/us/pdf/memory-storage/840PRO_25_SATA_III_Spec.pdf “The 840 PRO is shipped with master password set to 20h value (ASCII blanks) and the lock function disabled. The system manufacturer/dealer may set a new master password by using the SECURITY SET PASSWORD command, without enabling the lock function.” I hope this is same with 850 evo. -> I will try first before I change the master pw, if I can enter my drive after setting a user password (e.g. Jabberwocky) with just typing ” ” (space) as factory installed master password. That would be a great joke! Imagine millions of people feeling secure with their user passwords for pretty AES on SSD and anybody could compromise them by just entering a lucky space. Will let you know about that after I try it out later this day. Reply Mosquito337 says: February 13, 2015 at 00:10 Back from testing: 1. The good news is, the “master password” as space ” ” did not work. It could not be used instead a set user password to unlock the drive and get in to the data. Also “tttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt” (32 times t) as found somewhere in the net as known Samsung master password for hdds did not work. 2. However, there is still the indication that a master password exists and is set: I get that info in the Bios “Master password: installed” and hdparm shows “fffe” as indication for master password. It also shows “security level high” and not “max” which means whatever the master pw is, it can be used against my encryption. 3. I had a phone call with a support guy from Samsung in the US (although I do not live in the US; but in Switzerland, however there is no local supply). I asked him for the default factory setting of security level, high or max, and his answer was “max”. I did not trust him, because it sound like saying what I wanted to hear without the ability to prove. However, as mentioned above I could prove. Poor support (except he is right and it was the OEM PC builder to change settings). 4. The bad news is, I could not reset the master password with hdparm. I use the windows version and it says to not have all the security commands available to the time it was build. Maybe the linux version is different, but I give up here and will not test that. I also could not modify the security level from displayed “high” to “max” as this would still be ok to make the master password useless entering my data, but just allow to erase it. 5. I did not try to set the user password with hdparm, because I would not risk to be outlocked due to the mainboard maybe transferring the pw as scancodes (do not know that). 6. I have mailed my OEM computer supplier, if they have set a master password on their own or know what the one of Samsung is. I will let you know if I get a reply on this. 7. I thank so much ASRock support, even if they do provide to set the user password only and not the master password in the UEFI BIOS – at least they display the existence of this “Master password: installed” which made me suspicious that there is hiding something. I guess that one or the other mainboard manufacturer may leave that information out. Then people may be happy to set a user pw and think that it was – without knowing even the existence of something hidden master password to compromise them. Many big thanks to ASRock, please. 8. I will move on to OPAL and see how this works.. Cheers, Mosquito Reply Mosquito337 says: February 19, 2015 at 21:47 Finally moved ahead with TCG-OPAL using the Software Embassy Security Center for 40$. It took me less than 15 minutes to install and set enverything up. Meanwhile, I received some email responses for my investigation regarding the ATA security “master password”: 1. The OEM PC manufacturer (Alternate) claims to not be the culprit and not set or change passwords on harddrives. 2. ASRock support returned back with the following email, which I interpret as if they know and are setting this master pw: “The Master password function is designed for situation that forgot or lost the password. Because the ATA password is built in hard disk, if you got lost the password, the hard disk will be not able to use. This mean the Master password function is a backup solution and it’s needed. We will not make public about the rule of Master key, only in special situation like losing the password. Also, the Master password function is not able to be modified by user.” Anyway, thanks to them for the open communication, however, anybody using this ATA security function from ASRock as provided by the support should be aware, that they have a backup key to decrypt the data! Not really what one should expect using encryption. So obviously, this ATA security is no option to follow at all !!! Reply John Souvestre says: February 19, 2015 at 22:50 wrt ATA Master Password: I believe that there are two modes which the Master Password can be set to use. One works just like the regular password. In this case, I agree with you about it being insecure. The other mode, however, triggers a “wipe the disk” operation when used. Thus it allows recovering use of the disk but not the data on it. The BIOS on my Dell laptop allows me to choose which mode the Master Password should use. Needless to say, I chose the second mode. Any BIOS which doesn’t give you this option is severely flawed, in my opinion. Reply r0m30 says: February 20, 2015 at 04:11 Well at least you found out who was compromising the security. I agree that it isn’t what you or I would want but I’m certain that the mobo and drive vendors get orders of magnitude more complaints from the how could you let me brick my drive with my own stupidity complaints than how could you compromise my security complaints. I’m curious, did ESC install a driver to handle S3? If they did do you know where in the driver stack it lives?. Reply Arthur says: May 5, 2015 at 01:09 I sent an email to Charl and he suggested posting it here, so that others could benefit from it as well. Question: How do I know if my motherboard supports ATA password? There’s just no info anywhere on this, not in the reviews nor on manufacturer sites. Are there any updates on any other drives? I.e. Toshiba Q Series and Samsung 850 EVO and 850 PRO drives, and OCZ Vertex 180 and 460? And Intel 530 and 535? Those are newer versions for Samsung, OCZ and Intel, as I understand, so I think that’s quite relevant to the general public too. Answer: See this post: http://vxlabs.com/2015/02/11/use-the-hardware-based-full-disk-encryption-your-tcg-opal-ssd-with-msed/ — TCG Opal support makes all of this much more convenient. I currently have a Samsung 850 Pro with which I use the open source MSED tool. There are more easy to use solutions if you’re not on Linux. Reply Jethro says: May 7, 2015 at 03:01 According to this webpage http://www.samsung.com/global/business/semiconductor/minisite/SSD/global/html/whitepaper/whitepaper06.html BOTH the Samsung 840 and 840 Pro support what you call “usable” encryption. Also, if you setup an encrypted drive in a Lenovo laptop that is now broken, you can still access your data, see https://jbeekman.nl/blog/2015/03/lenovo-thinkpad-hdd-password/ Reply John Souvestre says: October 21, 2015 at 01:36 I see nothing in the Samsung whitepaper which says how they protect the ATA password. It’s easy to protect the AED drive key, which they do talk about. I certainly agree that SED is more secure than FDE. But I notice that they downplay OPAL, which is more secure than SED. OPAL has been out long enough to be widely available and I haven’t seen any negative reviews about its security. Personally, I would not buy a SED drive today which wasn’t OPAL. Note: BIOS dependency is another drawback of the ATA method. Reply Datarecovery.com MK says: July 16, 2015 at 17:24 I thought I would post after reading some of the comments here. Fantastic discussion. SSDs can indeed be recovered by data recovery companies in general depending on the situation, though it’s not easy, and will likely cost more as a result. And the self-encrypting drives that are always encrypted (whether or not the user sets a password) will require use of the controller, so if there is an electronic failure, and the controller is not usable, basically there is no chance for recovery due to the encryption. Our clients are often (usually?) not aware of this. Of course oftentimes they don’t expect to have a drive failure either, or if they attempted to make backups, there was some issue and the backups weren’t occurring as expected. In our flash recoveries, we often need to remove the NAND chips, read them directly, and then piece the data back together using some utilities and often a little manual work. Obviously if the data is encrypted, we’ll just be reading encrypted data with no mechanism for decryption. We have a very different perspective than most reading this probably because if a client is sending something to us, they need the data back. It’s our job to do everything in our power to do that for them. Encryption is just an obstacle at that point. The data is what is important. We recover encrypted data for individual users, as well as large corporate clients on a regular basis – and they send us whatever credentials we need for decryption (which takes many forms depending on the encryption method used). In the case of SEDs where we can’t use the controller and its keys due to the failure, there is no recourse however. We have seen some manufacturer(s) revert their encryption practice in some ways to less secure methods in recent months. I won’t mention which devices, and I can’t say the reasons behind it, but speculation would point to support issues with clients losing their data. They have to weigh the tradeoffs. As a result, we have been able to recover some client data that we would otherwise have been unable to. I probably don’t need to say this for most people here, but I’ll say anyway – always keep a backup of important data, and check it to make sure it’s working. Reply John Souvestre says: October 21, 2015 at 01:41 This is an interesting article. > Western Digital’s hard drive encryption is useless. Totally useless > http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/10/20/western_digital_bad_hard_drive_encryption/ It’s rather astonishing, actually. > Rookie errors make it child’s play to decrypt data Reply Ming says: January 3, 2016 at 20:59 Thanks r0m30 for making MSED and thanks to all for sharing your experiences in this post. My question in short: If I accept loosing the data, can I reset / remove the passwords on my Crucial M500 SED SSD? I set the passwords via my laptop BIOS. I remember the user password, bit I have forgotten the master password. hparm reports Security level = high I saw r0m30’s post and which sadly seems to imply I cannot reset it… ” msed doesn’t create any superAdmin or other backdoor either, it never stores or saves your password, so if you forget your password you are in the same situation as with the BIOS password, except that, unlike ATA security, OPAL provides a way to crypto erase and reuse the drive if you have forgotten the password.” I’m asking for help as I don’t want to brick this 1tb SSD and I couldn’t find any information on the net for my particular situation. Here are the lengthy details… I have a Crucial M500 SSD in my Toshiba Portege R930 laptop. My Toshiba laptop BIOS has settings for hard drive security. I setup up both the user password and master password. I understand this has setup the SED Authentication Key via the ATA SED commands (did I get that correct?). Whenever my Toshiba cold boots, I enter the user password and I can then boot into my OS (Windows). I remember my user password, however, I have forgotten my master password and lost the piece of paper that it was written on.. 🙁 I have an empty 1TB Toshiba HHD drive, so I am wondering whether I have an opportunity to try to recover from this situation. I plan to do the following: 1. Backup the Crucial drive to the Toshiba drive, including imaging the Windows system partition. 2. Reset/disable the security on the Crucial — which I understand would erase the drive. How do I reset and disable the security on the Crucial? There seems to be no way to do this from the Toshiba BIOS because I have forgotten the master password. And I am confused as to whether I can use MSED PIDRevert, because I activated the SED via the Toshiba BIOS. Does this mean the SED on the Crucial is only now configurable via Toshiba BIOS and is not configurable via MSED which uses Opal 2.0? (I understand the Crucial hardware wise is Opal 2.0 compliant.) Could I use http://www.crucial.com/usa/en/support-storage-executive to reset the Crucial and is there any difference between using Crucial’s tool or MSED? 3. Restore the system partition and all its data. 4a. Use MSED or the Toshiba BIOS to re-activate the SED Authentication Key. And this time write down the master password and store it safely. 🙂 or b. Use Truecrypt 7.1a and encrypt the drive. I am leaning towards Truecrypt because: i. It provides me with better disaster recovery options — i.e. if the laptop mainboard dies, I can move the Crucial drive to another system and keep working or at least access the files. ii. I have a SED Segate drive (ST1000LM015) in a HDD Caddy the Laptop’s optical storage bay. I’d like to encrypt this drive too. I understand the Segate is Opal 2.0 compliant, but I have no idea how to setup SED on this drive that is in a HDD Caddy. It seems to be connected to laptop via the same SATA interface as the Crucial, but I cannot be sure. However, if possible, I want to only enter a password _once_ after cold boot to access both hard drives. So it would seem easiest to do this via Truecrypt on both drives and use some automounting feature. iii. My CPU has AES support. Truecrypt benchmark is at 1.3GB/s for AES, which should mean very little impact on overall performance. If I trust Truecrypt, are there any significant reasons why I should choose option 4a instead of option 4b? Thanks in advance for your help! Ming p.s. here is the last part of the “hdparm -I” (www.sysresccd.org recovery CD) output on the Crucial: ” Security: Master password revision code = 65534 supported enabled not locked frozen not expired: security count supported: enhanced erase Security level high 2min for SECURITY ERASE UNIT. 2min for ENHANCED SECURITY ERASE UNIT. Checksum: correct ” I tried hdparm –security-disable PASSWORD /dev/X, with my user password, but it failed, saying the parameter wasn’t recognised. Probably because I only tried the user password and perhaps the hdparm on the http://www.sysresccd.org CD doesn’t support it?? I have a USB flash drive with Ubuntu and Linux mint installed so I could try hdparm from that. p.p.s. I also tested the SED security by putting the Crucial in another laptop. When the laptop booted it couldn’t access the drive at all, even though in the BIOS there was some kind of drive locking settings. Reply cpbotha says: January 3, 2016 at 21:17 r0m30 is the supreme expert on all things msed and also on TCG Opal, so I’m hoping he’ll chime in. TCG Opal with msed is a better option than relying on your laptop BIOS to pass your user and master passwords correctly on to the drive via ATA security. In my personal experience, laptop BIOSes sometimes use a completely different password for the ATA security than the ones you enter at the prompt. At least with msed, you know *exactly* which passwords are being configured via OPAL. After some quick googling, it doesn’t look like you’ll be able to PSID revert your drive (an Opal function) with the ATA security password set. These are two different modes of security: Opal on the one hand and ATA security on the other. However, besides waiting for r0m30, it’s probably also a good idea to post your question to the Crucial forums and to Crucial support. Furthermore, you might also want to contact Toshiba support to hear if they have a HDD password reset option. (For example Insyde H2O bios used on many laptops, because of its crappy ATA security implementation, has a push-over easy password reset function.) Reply r0m30 says: January 4, 2016 at 22:01 I agree with cpbotha on everything but the expert thing 😉 OPAL allows you to reuse the drive (with data loss) if you lose/forget the password, ATA security does not. At this point you have two low probability options. The first is contacting your laptop vendor and hope they use a “secret” master password instead of the one you supplied and that they have a way to reset the ATA security on the drive. The second is that the drive vendor has a way to access the ATA master password and can reset the ATA security. There are some vendors that do the first but I know of no drive vendors that will admit to the second. msed/sedutil will not work on a drive in ATA security mode. OPAL and ATA modes are mutually exclusive. If the drive in your caddy shows up as OPAL compliant when you do a –scan then you can set it up with the same password as your boot drive (no need to load a PBA) and the msed PBA will unlock both drives. That is the way I run my machine. msed however doesn’t support sleep (S3) so if you want to use sleep instead of hibernation then truecrypt may be a better option for you. Reply 1atpwwu says: January 12, 2016 at 11:02 Hi, thanks for all this excelent work and effort to bring it to the general public. I have two questions – are there any plans for full uefi support? And is there a way of any authorized access automatically rewriting the keys with random data efectively destroying everything. If it send a overvoltage pulse to the flash chips and destroy them it wold be even better (the latter would require hw support and is unlikely. Reply r0m30 says: January 14, 2016 at 23:56 I guess it depends on what you mean by full UEFI support. The latest version of the software in the Drive Trust repo has a UEFI PBA that will work if you turn off secure boot. If you mean a UEFI program that unlocks the drive and then loads the UEFI program on the unlocked drive or a signed PBA that supports secure boot then the answer is we are looking into those but they are not in the near term plan as we will be focusing on additional attachment support and ease of use. Do you mean something like the iOS option where the device is erased after x number of invalid passwords? There is nothing in the OPAL spec like that and implementing it in software would require that a password be stored to do the crypto erase so I don’t see it happening unless the TCG adds it to the spec. Reply 1atpwwu says: January 15, 2016 at 04:08 I meant suport for uefi fast boot. In bios mode it takes much longer to go from pressing the power buton to login prompt, Uefi + ultra fast boot takes a few seconds (and if the boot was more paralell it would take even less (most services could load in parallel) Second part would require hw support and the way I imagined is a large high voltage capacitor which could destroy the chips if any unauthorized access is detected. It could also serve as a power source to ensure all data is written in the event ot power loss, Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Post navigation Previous Previous post: Adding the ATA Security eXtension BIOS to AMIBIOS (Asus P5KC) Next Next post: Acer V3-571G FullHD IPS: Superb price/performance Linux development laptop Proudly powered by WordPress Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > Intel says its 600p solid-state drives live a… Intel says its 600p solid-state drives live a good, long life By Mark Coppock — October 5, 2016 1:18 PM Subscribe to this topic Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Solid state drives (SSDs) offer some real advantages over older spinning disk hard disk drive (HDD) technology. They’re significantly faster, quieter, and more power-efficient. SSD’s aren’t without their limitations, however. Intel’s 600p series was a case in point. While 600p SSDs were fairly well-received as entry-level drives with good performance for the price, they were introduced with one major disadvantage, as Tom’s Hardware reports. Simply put, 600p drives suffered from stunningly low write endurance compared to the competition, a situation that has fortunately been resolved. In general, SSDs have theoretically shorter lifespans than HDDs, particularly in terms of writing data. Measured as Terabytes Written (TBW), an SSD’s endurance can be a limiting factor for users who run applications that write a lot of data such as in corporate data centers. When the 600p series was first introduced, Intel listed their write endurance at 72TBW compared to the usual 500TBW or more offered by competing drives at 1TB capacities. Now, it seems that Intel has made some changes to the series’ specifications, as the line’s documentation has been updated with much-improved endurance levels that are far more competitive. It’s entirely possible that Intel had initially listed lower endurance ratings for the 600p series to avoid creating overpromising to customers and potentially inviting warranty issues as drives aged. Whatever the reason, the 600p documentation now lists 72TBW for the 128GB version and up to 576TBW for the 1TB version, which is more in line with expectations for this class of SSD. As David Lundell, Intel’s Director, Client SSD Strategic Planning and Product Marketing, indicated: “Based on continued evaluation and review of the 600p, Intel has updated the write endurance specification to better reflect the endurance of the product at each of the capacity points. The initial specification was a conservative figure and with further testing we were able to prove we can increase the endurance limit on higher capacities.” If you’re in the market for a low-cost SSD that nevertheless offers decent performance for the price, you can now feel more confident selecting from the 600p series. You no longer need to be so concerned that your shiny new SSD will fail before you’re ready to retire the machine in which it’s installed. Buy now from: Amazon Also watch: HP Spectre Review Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > What’s the best MacBook for your money? What’s the best MacBook for your money? By Matt Smith — November 1, 2016 9:02 AM Subscribe to this topic Get our daily Tech News recap Mentioned here Dell XPS 13 (Skylake) MSRP $1,399.00 DT Editors' Choice Learn More Also mentioned Dell XPS 13 (Skylake) Apple MacBook (2015) Acer Swift 7 SF713-51-M90J Apple’s October 27 “Hello Again” event introduced us to the long-awaited MacBook Pro updates with the OLED Touch Bar and improved hardware under the hood. It wasn’t the gigantic update a lot of users were looking for, but it did bring the CPUs up to a more modern 6th-generation offering. We’ve only had a few minutes with the Touch Bar that replaces the function keys, and if you’d like to read up on that check out our hands-on. We’ll make sure to update this guide once we have a full review on the new MacBook Pro, which is forthcoming. For now, just know that the hardware update makes the MacBook Pros more recommendable. There’s now a huge number of configurations across five different laptop models, although all of the changes only affect the MacBook Pro, so the MacBook and MacBook Air are still jockeying for a spot in Apple’s modern computing line. The MacBook is thinner than the Air, but the Air is more powerful, so choosing the right system isn’t an easy call. Related: Looking to buy a new laptop? The answer is Dell’s XPS 13 Instant elimination Here are the five models of MacBook currently available, counting different display sizes as distinct models. MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro 13-inch MacBook Pro 13-inch (with Touch Bar) MacBook Pro 15-inch (with Touch Bar) While that may not look like a vast selection compared to prolific brands like Dell or HP, it’s fairly swollen as far as the MacOS world is concerned. Blake Patterson/Flickr Right away, we can remove the MacBook Air from our list of eligible systems. It’s not bad, but it hasn’t aged particularly well. It has a lackluster resolution of 1440 x 900, and is still stuck on the 5th Generation Intel platform. While it holds up the bottom end of the lineup as a budget option, it’s hard to justify at the price. You can simply get a lot more mileage about of $1,000 elsewhere. If you absolutely need a MacBook Air though, you can always buy a refurbished model at a discounted price. Related: Four generations of Intel HD graphics tested But if what you want is the thinnest 13-inch laptop available? Look no further than the Acer Swift 7. It’s currently the thinnest laptop in the world — about half as thick as a MacBook Air — and it’s got a black-and-gold style that’s sure to turn heads. Oh, and it’s actually on par in terms of performance, with a Core i5 and a 1080p display. Why not the 12-inch MacBook? With the MacBook Air out of the running, the real battle begins. Let’s start with the slim and shiny MacBook. You might expect the MacBook to easily walk over its older siblings. It’s slimmer, lighter, and more portable. Fanless and wafer-thin, the MacBook looks like a laptop from the future. But it has some glaring flaws. The first problem is the processor. Intel’s Core M is pretty advanced for a mobile processor, but it’s also meant for extremely slim systems that are often passively cooled. That means it can’t be as quick as its siblings, or it’ll melt itself into a puddle of goo. In our initial review of the MacBook, we found it offers roughly three-quarters the performance of a standard fifth-generation Core, which is two generations behind the most recent processors from Intel. Related: Intel’s Core M is efficient, but doesn’t ace benchmarks Then there’s the port problem. The MacBook offers two: a single USB-C for all peripherals and for charging, and a headphone jack. Because of this, using a MacBook with any third-party peripherals will prove far more difficult than with its siblings. There is one argument in favor of the MacBook, and that’s portability. It’s the lightest and smallest laptop Apple has ever produced. But even here there’s a tradeoff, because the MacBook is quoted at 10 hours of battery life, while the Air can last up to 12 hours and the 13-inch Pro can also hit 10. It’s easier to pack the MacBook, but it won’t last as long as other models on a single charge. Alternatively, you could pick up a similarly priced Dell XPS 13. It’s solid, professional, and comes with a slick display and impressive aluminum-and-carbon-fiber construction. It offers a similar form factor, high build quality, and much better performance. You’d even save about $150. Related: Apple’s new MacBook asks if you can handle a one-port future? What if you’re thinking of going Pro? Now that the two less powerful options have been dispatched, only the freshly redesigned MacBook Pro remains. The high-end machine packs in 6th Generation Intel processors, PCIe SSDs standard, and a Retina display in all models. In that sense, the MacBook Pro sets itself apart from the low-power options further down the ladder. Whether it competes with other systems in its price range is another story. The 13-inch version competes most directly with the Dell XPS 13. The slim PC is one of our favorite laptops, and unfortunately undercuts the MacBook Pro 13’s price fairly seriously in terms of base model, starting at $799 to the MacBook Pro 13’s $1,500, which is the model without a Touch Bar and only two Thunderbolt 3 ports. To top it off, the Dell sports a higher screen resolution, newer processor, and touch screen capabilities once the price reaches the same level as the MacBook Pro. The MacBook Pro 15 is in a better position, despite the higher price. Its most obvious competitor is the Surface Book Pro with Performance Base, which starts at the same $2,300 price point. The Surface Book with Performance Base once again beats out the MacBook Pro 15 in terms of graphical and processor performance, screen resolution, and of course is a 2-in-1 with a touch screen and stylus. However, the MacBook Pro models fight back with large touchpads, an optional unique Touch Bar, excellent hard drive performance, and forward-looking ports. It’s a very expensive system, and arguably not a great value. But then again, Macs have never been the budget option. If you want a Mac, the MacBook Pro is the one to get, and the 15-incher is particularly attractive. And the winner is… There was just an update to the MacBook Pro line, so if you really want something that runs MacOS, that’s the only system to consider. If you need a Mac and you’ve got the cash, the 15-inch Pro is the way to go. Its size improvements maintain its status as one of the slimmest high-end notebooks around, if you don’t mind a bit of touchscreen envy. Please enable Javascript to watch this video There’s serious hardware under the hood, too. The Retina display offers roughly twice the number the pixels as the Air, the processor’s base clock is 1.1GHz quicker, and RAM is doubled from four to eight gigabytes. The latest Pro also comes with the same Force-click touchpad found in the MacBook, two or four USB Type-C instead of just one, and the OLED Touch Bar, if you pay a little more for the privelige. Related: The new MacBook vs. the Dell XPS 13 — which is the king of portable laptops With a full suite of connectivity, high-end computing options, and a more competitive value than the smaller notebook, the MacBook Pro 15 is the best choice for anyone looking to pick up a MacOS laptop, who doesn’t mind trading value, and a touchscreen, for the Apple logo. If you don’t have that much to spend, you’re probably better off reaching for a Windows PC, or purchasing a refurbished Mac. Also watch: How Apple Is Beating Intel at Its Own Game Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel Corporation Stock Surges to Multiyear High -- What's Next for Investors? Where it goes from here will depend on how well the company's two largest businesses fare as 2017 progresses. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 9, 2016 at 1:00PM Murthy Renduchintala is responsible for Intel's PC and Internet of Things businesses. Image source: Intel.  During the Oct. 5 trading session, shares of microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) hit $38.31 per share -- a high it hasn't seen since the dot-com bubble burst. At this point, current and potential Intel shareholders are probably asking themselves the following critical questions: What is driving the stock to these heights? Is the current price justified? Is there additional upside to be had? In this column, I'd like to offer up some answers from the perspective of somebody who has held Intel stock for years now. What's driving the stock? Intel's business can largely be separated into three main categories: personal computer platform sales, data center platform sales, and everything else (Internet of Things, programmable logic, and non-volatile memory). The bulk of Intel's revenue has historically come, and still comes, from the first group. In 2015, for example, Intel's client computing group (which consists primarily of personal computer chip sales) took in $32.22 billion in revenue -- approximately 58% of the company's top line for the year.  Even though Intel has made it clear that it's building its business to be able to deliver some level of growth even if the personal computer market continues to decline, the better this segment does, the better it is for Intel, its financial performance, and ultimately, its stock price. I believe the momentum the stock is enjoying is driven in no small part by the company's positive earnings pre-announcement due to better-than-expected personal computer chip sales. Is the current price justified? As of this writing, Intel stock most recently closed at $38.07 -- just off of the new highs made earlier in the week. At that price, shares trade at about 18 times trailing 12-month earnings -- certainly at the high end of where it has traded over the last five years: Data by YCharts. However, it's not hard to argue that the company's prospects today are probably brighter than they've been in a long time. To start, the personal computer market looks to be stabilizing after several years of steep unit declines. Moreover, the rest of Intel's businesses have grown significantly over that same period, particularly its data center group, which means Intel is less sensitive (though still quite exposed) to potential volatility in the personal computer market. Image source: Intel 10-K filing. Intel has also ramped up its research and development spending quite substantially over the last five years in order to allow the company to better capitalize on new growth opportunities (though not all of them, such as smartphone/tablet platforms, have worked out) and to defend market share in its core operating segments. Data by YCharts. All told, I wouldn't hesitate to argue that Intel shares deserve the richer earnings multiple they command today. What does the future hold? At this point, current investors as well as potential investors are likely interested in the answer to our final question: How much, if any, upside is there left in the stock? I suspect that how the shares perform over the next year or so will be largely governed by the following factors: Can the company deliver on double-digit growth in its lucrative data center business, as well as its other (albeit smaller) growth segments? Will personal computer sales continue to be "not terrible" throughout 2017? I suspect the answer to the first point will be "yes". Intel's product portfolio in the data center market is currently strong, and I expect the company's 2017 product line will only strengthen that position -- helping to support both the unit growth and average selling price growth story that has driven this business segment for quite some time. Perhaps the bigger unknown is how personal computer sales will hold up in 2017. Predicting this market has been tough in the past, and we've seen situations in which PC sales will do quite well in one year (Intel's PC business actually grew modestly in 2014) only to crater in the following year (it then contracted significantly in 2015). If PC sales continue to hold up nicely, a share price of $43-plus (16 times the analyst consensus for Intel's earnings per share in 2017) wouldn't be out of the question. However, if PC sales start to reverse course, I'd expect the stock to stagnate, or perhaps even follow personal computer sales downward. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 9, 2016 at 1:00PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Could Intel's Latest AI Partnership Hurt Ambarella? 3 Ways Intel Corporation Has Changed in 3 Years Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel Corporation Stock Surges to Multiyear High -- What's Next for Investors? Where it goes from here will depend on how well the company's two largest businesses fare as 2017 progresses. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 9, 2016 at 1:00PM Murthy Renduchintala is responsible for Intel's PC and Internet of Things businesses. Image source: Intel.  During the Oct. 5 trading session, shares of microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) hit $38.31 per share -- a high it hasn't seen since the dot-com bubble burst. At this point, current and potential Intel shareholders are probably asking themselves the following critical questions: What is driving the stock to these heights? Is the current price justified? Is there additional upside to be had? In this column, I'd like to offer up some answers from the perspective of somebody who has held Intel stock for years now. What's driving the stock? Intel's business can largely be separated into three main categories: personal computer platform sales, data center platform sales, and everything else (Internet of Things, programmable logic, and non-volatile memory). The bulk of Intel's revenue has historically come, and still comes, from the first group. In 2015, for example, Intel's client computing group (which consists primarily of personal computer chip sales) took in $32.22 billion in revenue -- approximately 58% of the company's top line for the year.  Even though Intel has made it clear that it's building its business to be able to deliver some level of growth even if the personal computer market continues to decline, the better this segment does, the better it is for Intel, its financial performance, and ultimately, its stock price. I believe the momentum the stock is enjoying is driven in no small part by the company's positive earnings pre-announcement due to better-than-expected personal computer chip sales. Is the current price justified? As of this writing, Intel stock most recently closed at $38.07 -- just off of the new highs made earlier in the week. At that price, shares trade at about 18 times trailing 12-month earnings -- certainly at the high end of where it has traded over the last five years: Data by YCharts. However, it's not hard to argue that the company's prospects today are probably brighter than they've been in a long time. To start, the personal computer market looks to be stabilizing after several years of steep unit declines. Moreover, the rest of Intel's businesses have grown significantly over that same period, particularly its data center group, which means Intel is less sensitive (though still quite exposed) to potential volatility in the personal computer market. Image source: Intel 10-K filing. Intel has also ramped up its research and development spending quite substantially over the last five years in order to allow the company to better capitalize on new growth opportunities (though not all of them, such as smartphone/tablet platforms, have worked out) and to defend market share in its core operating segments. Data by YCharts. All told, I wouldn't hesitate to argue that Intel shares deserve the richer earnings multiple they command today. What does the future hold? At this point, current investors as well as potential investors are likely interested in the answer to our final question: How much, if any, upside is there left in the stock? I suspect that how the shares perform over the next year or so will be largely governed by the following factors: Can the company deliver on double-digit growth in its lucrative data center business, as well as its other (albeit smaller) growth segments? Will personal computer sales continue to be "not terrible" throughout 2017? I suspect the answer to the first point will be "yes". Intel's product portfolio in the data center market is currently strong, and I expect the company's 2017 product line will only strengthen that position -- helping to support both the unit growth and average selling price growth story that has driven this business segment for quite some time. Perhaps the bigger unknown is how personal computer sales will hold up in 2017. Predicting this market has been tough in the past, and we've seen situations in which PC sales will do quite well in one year (Intel's PC business actually grew modestly in 2014) only to crater in the following year (it then contracted significantly in 2015). If PC sales continue to hold up nicely, a share price of $43-plus (16 times the analyst consensus for Intel's earnings per share in 2017) wouldn't be out of the question. However, if PC sales start to reverse course, I'd expect the stock to stagnate, or perhaps even follow personal computer sales downward. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 9, 2016 at 1:00PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Could Intel's Latest AI Partnership Hurt Ambarella? 3 Ways Intel Corporation Has Changed in 3 Years Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
null
null
null
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice Printers All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path BestPS4Games SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic TwitterAbuse GooglePhotoScan Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Laptops & Notebooks/ New Razer Blade Stealth (Late 2016) New Razer Blade Stealth (Late 2016) editor rating: excellent Comments October 10, 2016 REVIEW Comments SPECS COMPARE View Gallery View All 6 Photos in Gallery Starting Configuration Price $999.99 Pros Sleek design with premium materials. New Intel Kaby Lake processor for class-leading performance. Vibrant high-resolution touch display. Improved battery life over previous Stealth. Cons Key travel is a bit shallow. Bottom Line Super sleek, delivering top-notch performance and battery life, and loaded with useful extras, the Kaby Lake CPU–equipped Razer Blade Stealth ultraportable laptop is even better than its highly rated predecessor. By Matthew Buzzi The original Blade Stealth, released earlier this year, was Razer's foray into the mainstream laptop space, an ultraportable without discrete graphics despite the company's firm roots in the gaming market. The ultra-thin-and-light impressed us as an excellent general-use ultraportable, with top-notch build quality, a sharp 2,560-by-1,440 (QHD) touch screen, and cool extras like the world's first keyboard with individually backlit keys. The latest Blade Stealth (starts at $999.99; $1,249.99 as tested) features almost exactly the same body and physical design, but with a couple of beneficial additions. With a fresh Kaby Lake processor—the newest generation from Intel—for markedly improved performance, and longer battery life, the new Blade Stealth manages to earn our highest recommendation—even over its excellent Editors' Choice–winning predecessor. //Compare Similar Products Compare Razer Blade Stealth (4K UHD, Early 2016)   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Asus ZenBook 3 (UX390UA)   %displayPrice%%seller% see it HP Spectre 13   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Apple MacBook Air 13-Inch (2015)   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Dell XPS 13 Touch (2016 Gold Edition)   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Apple MacBook Pro 13-Inch, Retina Display (2015)   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Design and Features By looks alone, you can't tell the new Stealth apart from the original. It features the same 12-inch, high-end black machined aluminum body, green Razer logo on the lid, and keyboard with per-key backlighting. There are two rubber strips on the bottom for grip, along with the fan vents. View All 6 Photos in Gallery The new model measures 0.52 by 12.6 by 8.1 inches (HWD) and weighs 2.9 pounds, slightly deeper and heavier than the previous version (0.52 by 12.6 by 6.1 inches, 2.81 pounds) to make room for a larger battery, though the difference isn't noticeable. It is something of a case of diminishing returns when a laptop is already this slim, but there are thinner and lighter ultraportables, like the new Asus ZenBook 3 (0.47 by 11.65 by 7.53 inches, 1.97 pounds) and the HP Spectre 13 (0.41 by 12.8 by 9.03 inches, 2.45 pounds). Again, the display is a standout on this system: Our unit boasts a QHD touch display with Indium-Gallium-Zinc-Oxide (IGZO) technology for brighter, more vibrant colors. It's an attractive screen, and that high resolution gives you extra room to work—especially useful for a 12.5-inch notebook with a bezel this wide (about 0.75 inch, versus just over 0.25 inch for the ZenBook 3). As with the last-generation Stealth you can also choose a 4K display when ordering, but that option is also tied to larger storage amounts, so the price will jump to at least $1,599.99. QHD still gives you a really sharp picture, though, and is a higher resolution than you'll find on many 1080p ultraportables like the 13-inch Apple MacBook Air, and even the more expensive ZenBook 3 and Spectre 13. Individual key backlighting is not a must-have, but there's no denying it looks excellent, and is another feature to separate this laptop from the pack. Through Razer's Synapse software and Chroma lighting technology, you can change the light effects and colors, and if you don't want anything flashy, just set the lights to one static color, or turn them off. That last option is there if you want it, but I suspect most will like how it looks—it helps that the lighting is crisp and bright, unlike on some keyboards where light bleeds through the keycaps. With the ability to change the color of each key independently, and with extra effects in the software like matching the lighting to music, the Chroma keyboard is a definite plus. The keys themselves are good quality; there isn't much travel to them, which may irritate some users, but they're generally fine. The touchpad, as on all previous Blade systems I've used, is one of the best: sturdy, super smooth, and responsive. The two speakers, one on either side of the keyboard, are capable of getting quite loud for such a small system. The sound quality at lower volumes is fine, but there is some distortion if you dial up to maximum. Slim laptops don't tend to offer many ports, but one upside to not being the on the super-thin end of the spectrum like the ZenBook 3 or the Apple MacBook is the inclusion of more than just USB-C. On the left, there's the USB-C charging port with Thunderbolt 3, a USB 3.0 port, and the headphone jack. On the right, there's another USB 3.0 port and an HDMI port. It's not a large suite of port options, and the same group as on the original Stealth, but the essentials are there. Also included are dual-band 802.11ac Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.1, a TPM security chip, and a 2-megapixel webcam. For storage, our model comes with a 256GB solid-state drive (SSD) with Windows 10 installed, but there are 128GB and 512GB options available as well with the QHD screen. Alternatively, you can order a 4K model with a 512GB or 1TB SSD. Changing the storage model alters the laptop's price fairly significantly, so it's up to you to decide how important that is—the 1TB maximum limit is new compared with the previous Stealth. Razer offers a one-year warranty on its laptops. Performance The Kaby Lake generation of processors is one of the main upgrades driving this Stealth—every new configuration, regardless of resolution or storage capacity, includes a 2.7GHz Core i7-7500U CPU. That and the 16GB of memory helped this system provide strong performance scores across the board. On the PCMark 8 Work Conventional test for measuring general productivity, the new Stealth scored 3,032 points. This beats the previous Stealth (2,764) and falls slightly behind the more expensive Spectre 13 (3,069) and ZenBook 3 (3,228). That might seem like a discrepancy given the Stealth's faster processor, but the PCMark 8 results reflect the higher demands of the QHD resolution compared with 1080p on those two systems—there realistically isn't much of a difference in day-to-day use. See How We Test Laptops Multimedia test results better demonstrate the Kaby Lake processor's speed upgrade, in spite of the more demanding resolution. The new Stealth beat all comers—including the Gold Edition Dell XPS 13 Touch and the 13-inch Apple MacBook Pro—on the Handbrake encoding test with a time of 2 minutes, 3 seconds, the next closest competitor being the ZenBook 3 at 2:13. It also posted the fastest Photoshop time (3:41) and the highest CineBench score (354) of any ultraportable. Like the other ultraportable systems, regardless of price tier, the Stealth includes integrated Intel graphics. A discrete graphics card adds a lot to price and, more important for this category, requires much more physical room than a super-slim laptop affords. With Intel HD Graphics 620, the new Stealth was able to post so-so results of 21 frames per second (fps) and 25fps on the 1,366-by-768-resolution Heaven and Valley with medium details. Considering 30fps is the minimum target for smooth gameplay, most modern games are a bridge too far for the Stealth and other ultraportables—these frame rates exactly match the Spectre 13's and beat out the ZenBook's. With these tests set to Ultra graphics quality and 1080p, performance slowed to a crawl. You can get away with playing simple games, and maybe some less-strenuous titles on low settings, but don't expect to do heavy gaming on this system, despite the Razer name. Note that the Razer Core external graphics card enclosure is designed to allow thin Razer laptops like the Stealth access to more powerful desktop graphics processing. It costs $499 and must be purchased separately, though you get a $100 discount if you buy it with a Stealth. It uses the USB-C port, which further diminishes connectivity, and supplies seem limited—it may take a few weeks to receive one after you place your order. Finally, the extra room added in the back of the system means good things for battery life, when combined with the more power-efficient processor. The Stealth lasted 9 hours, 20 minutes, on our rundown test, a nearly 2-hour improvement over the previous Stealth (7:36). The QHD resolution definitely plays a part in draining power, though, since the ZenBook 3 lasted 12:07 and the MacBook Air 13-inch ran for 17:36 on the same test, but 9 hours is still a good time, and more than we saw from the Spectre 13 (8:36). Conclusion The New Razer Blade Stealth is stylish, thin, and faster than before, with a measurably longer battery to boot. It's an all-around upgrade—there's no reason to buy the previous model now (except perhaps for a slashed price)—and there are more configuration options available if you'd like a ton of storage and a 4K display. If you want something that's thinner and more elegant, and you don't mind paying more money, the Asus ZenBook 3 is gorgeous and about as powerful as the Stealth, though it lacks the higher screen resolution and "fun" additions. Between the sleek look, fast performance, features like USB-C with Thunderbolt 3, and higher-than-average resolution, the New Razer Blade Stealth is our new Editors' Choice for midrange ultraportables, and one of the best in any price tier. Back to top PCMag may earn affiliate commissions from the shopping links included on this page. These commissions do not affect how we test, rate or review products. To find out more, read our complete terms of use. Previous : Asus ZenBook 3 (UX390UA) Velocity Micro Signature 17 Next : By Matthew Buzzi Matthew Buzzi is a junior analyst on the Hardware team at PCMag. Matthew graduated from Iona College with a degree in Mass Communications/Journalism. He interned for a college semester at Kotaku, writing about gaming. He has written about technology and video game news, as well as hardware and gaming reviews. In his free time, he likes to go out with friends, watch and discuss sports, play video games, read too much Twitter, and obsessively manage any fantasy sports leagues he's involved in. More » More Stories by Matthew Microsoft Surface Book (2016, Intel Core i7) The new Microsoft Surface Book may only be a simple iteration of last year's beloved tablet newcomer... More » Dell Latitude 13 3000 Series 2-in-1 (3379) The Dell Latitude 13 3000 Series 2-in-1 (3379) won't break any speed or battery life records, but it... More » Lenovo ThinkPad P40 Yoga The Lenovo ThinkPad P40 Yoga is a well-made 2-in-1 mobile workstation, with a nice display, good per... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Related Reviews Dell XPS 13 Touch (2016) Acer Chromebook 14 Acer Aspire R 14 (R5-471T-52EE) Dell XPS 15 Touch (9550) The Best Laptops of 2016 //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Free Subscription See the Current Issue Archived Issues Articles Blogs News White Papers Products McHale Report Radar/Electronic Warfare CyberDefense Rpt. Embedded Hardware Embedded Software Signal Processing Unmanned Systems Cyber Avionics Design Newsletter …more Obsolescence/EOL Radar Safety Certification and Security Authors Charities What’s Hot RSS Feeds Webcasts E-Letter October 6, 2016 News ID New TRENTON Single Board Computer Implements M.2 NVMe, DDR4, and Multiple Video Interfaces Trenton Systems - Leave a Comment Trenton Systems TKL8255 Single Board Computer TKL8255 SBC Supports NVMe Storage Modules The Trenton Systems TKL8255 is our latest single board computer that continues the company’s 30-year heritage of delivering the processing performance, dependability, and SBC longevity embedded computing system providers count on to deliver stable industrial and military computing hardware platforms. This new PICMG® 1.3 single board computer is driven by our engineering customer’s choice of a long-life Intel® processor; developed under the Skylake code name, and features support for DDR4 system memory, native PCI Express® 3.0 links, USB 3.0 ports, three video ports, and an on-board M.2 connector for supporting a plug-in NVMe storage module. Here's a short list of TKL8255 single board computer features: • Intel® Xeon® E3-1200 v5 or Intel® Core™ 6xxx Processor Options • 4 - DDR4-2133 Standard DIMMs • 1 - M.2 Interface Driven by x4 PCIe 3.0 Link for NVMe Modules • 3 - Video Interfaces (1, Display Port and 2, DVI-D Headers) • On-Board HD-Audio Interface Header • 4 - USB 3.0 and 6 - USB 2.0 Interface Ports • 3 - Ethernet LANs • Full-Length Aluminum Backer Plate • 5-year Factory Warranty and 7+ Years of SBC Availability “Trenton Systems’ builds our board-level and fully integrated rackmount computer system products to last,” said Michael Bowling, President of Trenton Systems. “For example, the rugged, full-length aluminum backplane plate we install on our TKL8255 single board computer ensures that the board and its associated system will survive and thrive in the harshest industrial and military computing environments.” To view a short TKL8255 SBC overview video [2:20]see: https://youtu.be/mGQt1jZm7PI Source: Trenton Systems Advertisement Military Embedded Systems Articles Blogs News White Papers Products McHale Report Radar/Electronic Warfare CyberDefense Rpt. © MMXVI Military Embedded Systems An OpenSystems Media publication. Home Archived Issues About Advertise Submit News and Products Contact Last updated: Wed, 16 Nov 2016 07:17:27 +0000
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: GIGABYTE announces updated BRIX mini-PC with Intel 7th Gen processors 0 by Pradeep  @pradeepviswav Oct 10, 2016 at 15:40 GMT1 month ago GIGABYTE has recently announced their updated BRIX mini-PC with the latest Intel 7th Generation Core processor which brings 10% increase in graphics performance relative to its predecessor. Also, the new Intel HD Graphics comes with a new media engine that offers HEVC 10-bit hardware acceleration that significantly improves upon 4K content playback as well as content creation when compared to previous generation processors. BRIX also comes with HDMI2.0 and support for HDCP 2.2. BRIX Models: BRIX GB-BKi3A-7100  GB-BKi5A-7200  GB-BKi7A-7500  BRIX s GB-BKi3HA-7100  GB-BKi5HA-7200  GB-BKi7HA-7500  Find more information on Brix here. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Related 4K content BRIX gigabyte hardware Intel 7th gen processor Mini PC Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending WhatsApp for Windows Phone updated with many new features by Surur 0 Trending Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac by Pradeep 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 21: All About Alcatel’s superphone by Andrew Bennett on November 11, 2016 During this week’s episode of the MSPoweruser Podcast, Vernon E. L. Smith and Andrew Bennett cover some of the week’s Microsoft news. This week’s topics include the Alcatel Idol 4S... Subscribe Now Windows 10 ‘Battlefield 1’ November update released for Xbox One and PC by Greg Jordan on November 16, 2016 DICE has just released the fall update for the Xbox One, PC, and PS4. The update is 1.6 GB PC and 1.9 GB on Xbox One. The update includes a number of gameplay changes based on community feed... Tablo over-the-air DVR app now available on Xbox One by Pradeep Tablo over-the-air DVR app is now available for Xbox One in the US and Canada. Download the app from Xbox Store to begin watching live and recorded Over-the-Air TV. Tablo is a network-based ... HP announces the world’s first mini workstation by Pradeep HP today announced the world’s first mini workstation targeting users in CAD and other compute-intensive industries.The new HP Z2 Mini is only 2.3” high is 90% smaller than a traditional... ‘Tom Clancy’s: The Division’ Survival DLC comes to Xbox One an... by Greg Jordan Xbox U.S. today announced that the long awaited “Survival” DLC update for ‘Tom Clancy’s: The Division’ will arrive to Xbox One and PC on November 22. This is f... Windows 10 will soon allow third-party alarm apps to break-through Quiet Hours by Sean Chan A very neat feature on Windows 10 is Quiet Hours, which allows users to stop notifications from apps during a certain period of the day/night. Quiet Hours can also be quite useful when you a... Deals Deals Microsoft Store to offer great deals on Surface, Windows 10 PCs and Xbox for this Black Friday Along with the great deals on Xbox One consoles and Xbox games, Microsoft today announced that they will be offering great deals from Microsoft Store for this Black Friday. Find the details ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3/128GB SSD and Alcantara Type Co... BestBuy retail stores are now offering a great deal on the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Xbox One clearance sale now available from Microsoft Store UK, save up to £200 Microsoft Store UK is going early with the Black Friday Deals. Today, Microsoft Store UK has started selling Xbox One bundles starting at just £199. For example, you can get the Xbox One ... HP’s Black Friday Sale deals revealed, includes several Windows laptops HP’s Black Friday Sale deals were revealed yesterday. It includes number of Windows laptops, desktops, PC accessories, monitors, etc,. For example, you can save up to $729 on HP Elit... Deal: Get $150 off Lenovo Yoga 910 2-in-1 PC from Microsoft At IFA 2016, Lenovo announced its Yoga 910, the successor to the popular Yoga 900 convertible laptop. Yoga 910 comes with a 13.9-inch 4K display, redesigned keyboard, a larger trackpad, a fi... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 128GB storage for $899 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $100 for the Core i5/128GB Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD and 4G... Deal: Microsoft offering Xbox One S Bundle and free game for $299 Despite Black Friday being right around the corner, Microsoft believes that you shouldn’t have to wait to enjoy the savings off of its newest console. That’s why from November 4 ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3 and 128GB storage for $749 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $150 for the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Deal: Get huge discounts on the original Surface Book Amazon US is now offering huge discounts on the original Surface Book device. The entry-level Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for just $1199.... Deal: Entry-level Surface Book now available for just £1,049 John Lewis is now offering the entry-level Microsoft Surface Book for just £1,049. Entry-level Surface Book comes with Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB RAM, 128GB storage and detachable 13.5”... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2016 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
Login _ Welcome to TechSpot Why should I register? Sign up for a new account or log in here: Forgot your password? Couldn't sign you in, please try again. Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Google+ Twitter YouTube Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Reviews Tablets Lenovo Yoga Book Review By Tim Schiesser on October 10, 2016 TechSpot 70 TechSpot score Popular 57 comments CEO loses his job after posting that he will kill Donald Trump 24 comments The Best Smartphones: Google nails it QNAP TS-853A Review: NAS does QTS + Linux combo Google's new PhotoScan app makes it easy to bring your prints into the digital world The Best Laptops: Ultraportables, Workstations & Gaming 64 comments China says it will cut iPhone sales if Trump follows through on his trade war promise Nvidia GeForce 375.86 drivers are Game Ready for Steep 25 comments Retailers reveal the price of the Nintendo Switch Index Article Index The Windows Version of Lenovo's Hybrid Tablet Display, Keyboard and Trackpad Stylus Input and Software Issues Hardware Overview and System Performance Graphics and Storage Performance Battery Life Beautiful and Innovative, But Flawed 508 Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Comments The Windows Version of Lenovo's Hybrid Tablet Ever since Lenovo unveiled the Yoga Book in late August, I’ve been extremely excited to get my hands on it. This folding tablet-laptop hybrid is unlike any other product on the market, as it takes the concept of the 10-inch tablet with a keyboard and replaces the cumbersome docking mechanism with the Yoga series’ signature 360-degree hinge. The resulting hardware is a beautifully slim tablet that folds apart like a book, transforming it into a lightweight, portable laptop. Lenovo is aiming for the best of both worlds here: a compact tablet that’s easy to hold and transport; and an on-the-go laptop that isn’t hindered by an awkward dock, mediocre keyboard case, or confusing tablet stand. To achieve this goal, naturally there are some trade-offs. There is a keyboard attached to this tablet, however there are no physical keys; you’re typing on a touchscreen slate. It’s not particularly powerful either, packing an Intel Atom x5-Z8550 processor and 4 GB of RAM. To make up for these, Lenovo has packed in a range of compelling stylus features. The touchscreen keyboard slate can be used as an accurate graphics tablet with the included pen, or you can slap a piece of paper on the slate and write physical notes while they are simultaneously digitized. Lenovo also claims the Yoga Book is good for 13 hours of battery life, which sounds impressive considering its size. The Yoga Book ($550 running Windows, $500 on Android) is one of the most attractive pieces of hardware I’ve used this year. The magnesium-aluminium alloy shell is sleek and gives this product a premium aesthetic, especially combined with Lenovo’s watchband hinge. The frosted glass touchpad complements the design well, as does the glossy glass protecting the display. There are very few distracting elements as well, aside from some removable stickers from Intel and Microsoft, which helps deliver the minimalist look this tablet deserves. The most impressive aspect to the Yoga Book is how compact the entire device is. It’s a 10-inch tablet, so we were always getting a portable footprint, however the slimness is the key to this design’s success. The Yoga Book is just 9.6mm thick when closed, which is unbelievable for a device that opens into two sections. The base, which includes the touch slate, is a slight wedge that maxes out at just over 6mm thick, while the display lid is a slender 3.5mm. When open, the Yoga Book looks astonishing. Of course a 9.6mm thick 10-inch tablet isn’t hugely impressive, so if the Yoga Book were merely a standard tablet I wouldn’t be raving about the thickness. The impressive feat here is getting the Yoga Book in its closed tablet mode to match typical 10-inch tablets, while still featuring a hinge that allows it to open into a laptop. There is no product on the market that achieves this, and that’s what makes the Yoga Book stand out from such uninteresting competition. The Yoga Book is one of the most attractive pieces of hardware I’ve used this year. In its tablet mode, the 690-gram device is quite usable, but don’t expect an experience that rivals the Apple iPad Air 2. Not only is the iPad several hundred grams lighter, but it also features a more comfortable 4:3 screen aspect ratio. The 16:10 display on the Yoga Book makes it a little awkward to use as an entertainment device like the iPad, but it’s clear that the strengths of this tablet lie in productivity and creativity instead. The watchband hinge that connects the two halves of the Yoga Book is as beautiful as it has been on past Lenovo convertibles. The hinge allows 36-degrees of fluid movement, yet it’s strong enough that any position you choose will be maintained in a reasonably stable fashion. I say “reasonably” because there is some wobble in the display half when using the touchscreen in laptop mode, however, despite this, the angle of the hinge is maintained. The touch slate section is interesting as it serves two functions. When typing, the backlit keys appear from nowhere to provide a full keyboard with function keys and a trackpad. But when you hit the pen button, the keyboard disappears and the slate can be used as a graphics tablet within the printed bounds that match the size of the Yoga Book’s display. You can still see the outline of the keyboard under light, but the dual-function design is effective. Around the edges of the touch slate is where you’ll find all the key ports and buttons. The right side includes a 3.5mm audio jack, the power button, and the volume rocker, as well as one speaker grill for the stereo side-firing speakers. I did find myself accidentally hitting the power button a few times while I was using the Yoga Book as a laptop due to its awkward position, and I’d rather the power and volume buttons were switched. On the left side is a rather odd combination of ports: microUSB for charging and accessories, along with micro-HDMI. The Yoga Book is a device crying out for USB-C, so the inclusion of microUSB instead is baffling. And it’s not a size issue: there’s enough thickness in the Yoga Book to comfortably slot in USB-C, which would have provided greater compatibility with upcoming accessories and removed the need for the HDMI port (USB-C can be easily adapted to full-sized HDMI or DisplayPort). The inclusion of microUSB over USB-C indicates to me that the Yoga Book has been in development for a long time, and near-final hardware was locked in before USB-C began its surge in late 2015. USB-C is a really disappointing omission from the Yoga Book, but at least with a microUSB to USB adapter you can still attach regular accessories. The Yoga Book also includes a nano-SIM tray for integrated 4G LTE functionality, and two cameras: one for selfies above the display, in the Book’s large bezels; and another above the backspace key in the touchscreen slate. This seems like a weird position for a secondary camera, but when you fold the device into tablet mode, this camera becomes rear facing. Both cameras are pretty average in terms of quality, so I wouldn’t want to take any holiday photos on this tablet. Next Page Display, Keyboard and Trackpad Article Index The Windows Version of Lenovo's Hybrid Tablet Display, Keyboard and Trackpad Stylus Input and Software Issues Hardware Overview and System Performance Graphics and Storage Performance Battery Life Beautiful and Innovative, But Flawed Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Chennai Classic .Com       No Fees... No Login... Just Post Ads!!!           Chennai Others | Providing all Others in Chennai (Madras) India Home  •  Post Classifieds India / Chennai / Services / Others ﻿ Warning: Avoid Scams and Fraud. Unless you are sure about the other party do not get involved in financial transactions Report Abuse | Email this Ad    Share HP Z620Workstationrental Pune helps to get maximize performance Reply to: (Use contact form below) (Please mention ChennaiClassic.com when contacting) HP Z620 Workstation rental Pune helps to get maximize performance. And optimize your HP Z640 for peak performance with HP Performance Advisor4, your own personal system engineer, which automatically configures your system with updated settings and drivers to help maximize performance. Processor: Intel® Xeon® E5 2600 v4 processor, Intel® Xeon® ES-2699 v4 processor Chipset: Intel® C612 Memory: 64 GB DDR4-2400 ECC Registered RAM Hard Disk: 1 TB (8 GB cache) SATA SSHD Graphics: NVIDIA® Quadro® K1200 (4 GB) Contact us:Globalnet technologies Mobile no: +91 90360 10005, Office no: 080-65707504, Email address: enquiry@globalnetech.in , http://globalnetech.in/ Contact this User:    Your email: * Message: * Attachment: The following file types are not allowed: exe, com, bat, vbs, js, jar, scr, pif Maximum file size: 200KB Security Code: * Enter the code shown above into this textbox   Send Now Posted on: Monday, 10 October, 2016  13:57 Expires On: Tuesday, 18 April, 2017  08:27 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact us| Post Free Ad| Chennai Classifieds| Jobs in India| Copyright © 2006 - 2016 ChennaiClassic.com Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Free Classifieds Ads Portal. All Rights Reserved Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.chennaiclassic.com Your most reliable resource for Jobs, Cars, plots, ads, Houses, Flats, Builders, Chennai Real Estate, Services ... Chennai Classic - Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Classified Ads Portal for Chennai Others Services
Chennai Classic .Com       No Fees... No Login... Just Post Ads!!!           Chennai Others | Providing all Others in Chennai (Madras) India Home  •  Post Classifieds India / Chennai / Services / Others ﻿ Warning: Avoid Scams and Fraud. Unless you are sure about the other party do not get involved in financial transactions Report Abuse | Email this Ad    Share HP Z620Workstation rental Gurgaon with professional graphics Reply to: (Use contact form below) (Please mention ChennaiClassic.com when contacting) HP Z620 Workstation rental Gurgaon with professional graphics. Then concentrate on your work, not your workstation, as you experience powerful performance, whisper-quiet computing, and tool-less access in a conveniently compact design. When every inch, watt, and decibel matter count on the HP Z640 Workstation. Processor: Intel® Xeon® E5 2600 v4 processor, Intel® Xeon® ES-2699 v4 processor Chipset: Intel® C612 Memory: 64 GB DDR4-2400 ECC Registered RAM Hard Disk: 1 TB (8 GB cache) SATA SSHD Graphics: NVIDIA® Quadro® K1200 (4 GB) Contact us:Globalnet technologies Mobile no: +91 90360 10005, Office no: 080-65707504, Email address: enquiry@globalnetech.in , http://globalnetech.in/ Contact this User:    Your email: * Message: * Attachment: The following file types are not allowed: exe, com, bat, vbs, js, jar, scr, pif Maximum file size: 200KB Security Code: * Enter the code shown above into this textbox   Send Now Posted on: Monday, 10 October, 2016  13:57 Expires On: Tuesday, 18 April, 2017  08:27 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact us| Post Free Ad| Chennai Classifieds| Jobs in India| Copyright © 2006 - 2016 ChennaiClassic.com Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Free Classifieds Ads Portal. All Rights Reserved Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.chennaiclassic.com Your most reliable resource for Jobs, Cars, plots, ads, Houses, Flats, Builders, Chennai Real Estate, Services ... Chennai Classic - Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Classified Ads Portal for Chennai Others Services
Chennai Classic .Com       No Fees... No Login... Just Post Ads!!!           Chennai Others | Providing all Others in Chennai (Madras) India Home  •  Post Classifieds India / Chennai / Services / Others ﻿ Warning: Avoid Scams and Fraud. Unless you are sure about the other party do not get involved in financial transactions Report Abuse | Email this Ad    Share Redefine versatility HP Z620 desktop Workstation rental Bangalore Reply to: (Use contact form below) (Please mention ChennaiClassic.com when contacting) Redefine versatility HP Z620 desktop Workstation rental Bangalore. The HP Z640 Workstation, featuring Windows 103 or Linux®, provides incredible expansion in a small footprint. Get the storage, performance, and freedom you need to create with up to 8 memory DIMMs, up to 4 internal hard drives, and built in USB and SATA ports. Processor: Intel® Xeon® E5 2600 v4 processor, Intel® Xeon® ES-2699 v4 processor Chipset: Intel® C612 Memory: 64 GB DDR4-2400 ECC Registered RAM Hard Disk: 1 TB (8 GB cache) SATA SSHD Graphics: NVIDIA® Quadro® K1200 (4 GB) Contact us:Globalnet technologies Mobile no: +91 90360 10005, Office no: 080-65707504, Email address: enquiry@globalnetech.in , http://globalnetech.in/ Contact this User:    Your email: * Message: * Attachment: The following file types are not allowed: exe, com, bat, vbs, js, jar, scr, pif Maximum file size: 200KB Security Code: * Enter the code shown above into this textbox   Send Now Posted on: Monday, 10 October, 2016  13:55 Expires On: Tuesday, 18 April, 2017  08:25 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact us| Post Free Ad| Chennai Classifieds| Jobs in India| Copyright © 2006 - 2016 ChennaiClassic.com Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Free Classifieds Ads Portal. All Rights Reserved Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.chennaiclassic.com Your most reliable resource for Jobs, Cars, plots, ads, Houses, Flats, Builders, Chennai Real Estate, Services ... Chennai Classic - Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Classified Ads Portal for Chennai Others Services
Chennai Classic .Com       No Fees... No Login... Just Post Ads!!!           Chennai Others | Providing all Others in Chennai (Madras) India Home  •  Post Classifieds India / Chennai / Services / Others ﻿ Warning: Avoid Scams and Fraud. Unless you are sure about the other party do not get involved in financial transactions Report Abuse | Email this Ad    Share HP Z620 Workstation rental Chennai perfect workstation for your needs Reply to: (Use contact form below) (Please mention ChennaiClassic.com when contacting) HP Z620 Workstation rental Chennai perfect workstation for your needs.With the innovative HP Z Turbo Drive2 set a new performance curve as you revolutionize how you handle large files and reduce boot up, calculation, and graphics response time. Processor: Intel® Xeon® E5 2600 v4 processor, Intel® Xeon® ES-2699 v4 processor Chipset: Intel® C612 Memory: 64 GB DDR4-2400 ECC Registered RAM Hard Disk: 1 TB (8 GB cache) SATA SSHD Graphics: NVIDIA® Quadro® K1200 (4 GB) Contact us:Globalnet technologies Mobile no: +91 90360 10005, Office no: 080-65707504, Email address: enquiry@globalnetech.in , http://globalnetech.in/ Contact this User:    Your email: * Message: * Attachment: The following file types are not allowed: exe, com, bat, vbs, js, jar, scr, pif Maximum file size: 200KB Security Code: * Enter the code shown above into this textbox   Send Now Posted on: Monday, 10 October, 2016  13:55 Expires On: Tuesday, 18 April, 2017  08:25 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact us| Post Free Ad| Chennai Classifieds| Jobs in India| Copyright © 2006 - 2016 ChennaiClassic.com Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Free Classifieds Ads Portal. All Rights Reserved Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.chennaiclassic.com Your most reliable resource for Jobs, Cars, plots, ads, Houses, Flats, Builders, Chennai Real Estate, Services ... Chennai Classic - Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Classified Ads Portal for Chennai Others Services
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Axiomtek Press Release Receive press releases from Axiomtek: By Email RSS Feeds: Axiomteks First IP67-Rated Rugged Embedded System, Ideal for Mission Critical Projects The eBOX800-841-FL Axiomtek releases its first IP67-rated embedded computer system, with M12 type connectors, water-proof N-jack antenna openings, wide voltage range and more. City of Industry, CA, October 10, 2016 --(PR.com)-- Axiomtek, one of the world's leading designers and manufacturers of innovative, high performance and reliable PC-based industrial computer products, is proud to announce the eBOX800-841-FL, the company’s first fanless embedded system with an IP67 rating for complete dust protection and water resistance in a variety of mission-critical projects. This embedded system comes with a wide operating temperature range of -30°C to 60°C (-22°F to +140°F) for operational stability in rugged environments. The eBOX800-841-FL also features M12 type I/O connectors and four N-jack waterproof antenna openings to reliably meet the needs of industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) applications. The eBOX800-841-FL comes with the low power consumption onboard quad-core Intel® Atom™ E3845 processor. This hardened embedded box PC also comes with one DDR3L SO-DIMM slot with system memory up to 8 GB. Additionally, one 2.5” SATA HDD, one mSATA and one CFast™ are available for extensive storage needs. With its rugged housing, flexible I/O options, wide operating temperature and wide voltage DC input: eBOX800-841-FL is specifically designed for outdoor mission critical applications such as facility condition monitoring. “The eBOX800-841-FL has a full IP67-rated extruded aluminum and heavy-duty steel case – which means complete protection from water submersion (up to 30 minutes in one meter of water) and harmful dust particles,” said Product Manager Janney Lee. “The system can also withstand vibrations up to 3G and features M12 type I/O connectors- making it suitable for use in high vibration environments. Furthermore, the eBOX800-841-FL comes with a flexible I/O design, making it ideal for system integrators who need a highly customizable embedded computer system that operates reliably in mission critical projects as well as harsh environments.” The eBOX800-841-FL supports rich I/O options including two Gigabit Ethernet ports, two RS-232/422/485 ports, two USB 2.0 ports, one VGA and DC power input. This embedded system comes with two PCI Express Mini Card slots and one SIM card slot for wireless network communication options. The system’s four N-jack type antenna connectors feature a water-proof design for WLAN and WWAN usage. Embedded OS support includes Windows® 10 IoT and Windows® 7. The IP67-rated eBOX800-841-FL will be available in November. For more product information or pricing, please visit us.axiomtek.com or contact a sales representative at solutions@axiomtek.com. Advanced Features: - IP67-rating for complete dust protection and water submersion for up to 30 minutes - Fanless operation design - Onboard quad-core Intel® Atom™ E3845 processor - Four N-jack antenna openings with water proof design for WLAN and WWAN usage - Wide operating temperature range of -30°C to +60°C (-22°F to +140°F) - Supports wide range 9V - 36V DC power input - Rich I/O options for customized designs and mission-critical projects - Options for wall and VESA mount About Axiomtek Co., Ltd Axiomtek Co., Ltd. established in 1990, is one of the world's leading designers/manufacturers of PC-based industrial computer products. From its roots as a turnkey systems integrator specializing in data acquisition and control systems, Axiomtek has mirrored the PC and IoT evolutions by shifting its focus toward the design and manufacture of PC-based industrial solutions and value-added services for different industries including, transportation, medical, industrial automation, power utilities and renewable energy, digital signage, network appliances, gaming, retail/POS/Kiosks. It has more than 60 distributor partners globally. Axiomtek offers industrial PCs, single board computers and system on modules, fanless and rugged embedded systems, intelligent transportation systems, EtherCAT Master controllers, IoT gateway devices, touch panel computers, medical grade PCs, digital signage OPS players, industrial network and network appliances and casino gaming platforms. Axiomtek USA headquarters is located in City of Industry, Calif. Established in 1994, the subsidiary incorporates product integration and logistics as well as a wide range of service offerings including design assistance, technical support and return merchandise assistance. Axiomtek Systems in Methuen, MA, was formed in 2012 after its acquisition. It has added its high level of expertise on COTS integration and a variety of value-added services to Axiomtek USA’s comprehensive suite of capabilities. Axiomtek USA has become the premier value-added service provider for systems integration assistance and project management. As an associate member of the Intel® Internet of Things Solutions Alliance, Axiomtek continuously develops and delivers cutting edge solutions based on the latest Intel® platforms. Contact Information Axiomtek Larry Wu 1-888-GO-AXIOM Contact us.axiomtek.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Axiomtek Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
All regions Ukraine Europe America Middle East Asia&Pacific Africa Russia Breaking news 19:51 Nov. 15, 2016 ‘Dear world, bombs falling’: stunning live coverage from Putin-attacked Aleppo 19:09 Nov. 15, 2016 Suddenly: Militant’s Minsk envoy openly admits Russia invaded Donbas 17:50 Nov. 15, 2016 Polish prosecution to investigate Ukrainian flag case 16:49 Nov. 15, 2016 Research and journalist community exasperated over arrest of new ‘saboteurs' in Crimea 16:45 Nov. 15, 2016 Burning Ukrainian flag a 'pro-Russian provocation' - Polish ambassador to Ukraine 15:43 Nov. 15, 2016 Ukrainian teens win the most prestigious European Hip-Hop contest 15:24 Nov. 15, 2016 Kremlin reveals more details on Trump-Putin phone talks 14:38 Nov. 15, 2016 Six wounded as Russian-backed militants attack Ukrainian army dugout 14:34 Nov. 15, 2016 NATO will never change position on Crimea - Stoltenberg 13:44 Nov. 15, 2016 Hague report points at Russia-Ukraine armed conflict 13:12 Nov. 15, 2016 Thousands protest in central Kyiv 12:53 Nov. 15, 2016 Russian heavy artillery shelled school in Ukrainian Mariinka at night (photos) 11:44 Nov. 15, 2016 Putin congratulates pro-Russian president-elect of Moldova, invites him to Moscow 11:28 Nov. 15, 2016 US sanctions Russia’s Crimean lawmakers 10:39 Nov. 15, 2016 Mogherini warns against "black and white" representations of EU-Russia relations 10:15 Nov. 15, 2016 Russia's Economy Minister detained over bribery allegations 09:54 Nov. 15, 2016 Putin and Trump agree to normalize US-Russia ties in phone call 17:37 Nov. 14, 2016 Thousands protest against election results in Moldova 15:45 Nov. 14, 2016 Ex-FSB officer who had fought for Ukraine reported missing 14:33 Nov. 14, 2016 Obama, Putin to meet this week in Peru NewsLivePOLITICSBUSINESSENTERTAINMENTCRIMETECH&SCIENCESOCIETYSPORTPRESSOPINIONABOUT 13:03 Oct. 10, 2016 Volunteer recon discover Russian armour in ‘demilitarised' area (photos) Aerial photo of Russian armour and military trucks hidden in 'demilitarised area' in Donbas (by SevBat / Facebook) Send via email Intel claims Russian armour hidden in the vicinity of Ukrainian settlements Ukrainian volunteer aerial reconnaissance unit, known as Special Service Battalion ‘Sever' (‘North' in Russian) published the photos of Russian armour, hidden in some industrial area. Volunteers claim, that pictures were taken in one of the zones of current disengagement of forces. It means they are talking about the areas of village Zolote or Petrivske, because scheduled for yesterday withdrawal of forces from the Stanytsia Luhanska have failed. Commenting the pictures, which they called ‘a motivator for the upcoming working week for all who believe in demilitarization', they wrote: "Why do we need demilitarization on the territories in the zone of combat activity? So that terrorists could freely expand their bases of supply and equipment maintenance in the immediate vicinity of peaceful Ukrainian settlements." Read more: Pullback of forces in Donbas: Pains, gains and new threats  Volunteers addressed OCSE monitors: "People are waiting for answers from you on two questions: "What the f... are they doing there?" and "Whether or not you can be the guarantor of the agreement implementation?" We have a lot of similar material. Quite a lot to draw up conclusions. You – OSCE Special Monitoring Mission to Ukraine – we believe also have no illusions about the quality of implementation of the so-called arrangements by "gentlemen" from beyond the "porebrik" (Russians – UT)." The photos show some infantry fighting vehicles (BMPs), armored personnel carriers (BTRs) and military trucks in some industrial area, hidden behind the fences. Some of the vehicles are disassembled, but most of them seem battle ready, and one even staying in fortified position.  As we reported, earlier volunteers reported about the discovery of Russian tanks hidden in Donetsk and self-propelled howitzers near the frontline in Donbas. Source: Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="http://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a> comments powered by Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="http://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a> comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Crime20:10 Nov. 15, 2016 ‘Dear world, bombs falling': stunning live coverage from Putin-attacked Aleppo Crime17:45 Nov. 15, 2016 No more Ukrainian illegal migrants to enter the UK and Ireland Crime13:33 Nov. 15, 2016 Hague report points at Russia-Ukraine armed conflict Crime13:12 Nov. 15, 2016 Russian heavy artillery shelled school in Ukrainian Mariinka overnight (photos) Crime10:00 Nov. 15, 2016 Russia's Economy Minister detained over bribery allegations See more news Tweets by @uatodaytv Ukraine Today WEEKLY DIGEST Subscribe to receive regular email updates about Ukraine and Eastern Europe Copyright © 2014News|Live|Politics|Business|Entertainment|Crime|Tech&Science|Society|Sport|Opinion|About Privacy policy Communicate Follow Follow @uatodaytv Subscribe vk154998
Chennai Classic .Com       No Fees... No Login... Just Post Ads!!!           Chennai Others | Providing all Others in Chennai (Madras) India Home  •  Post Classifieds India / Chennai / Services / Others ﻿ Warning: Avoid Scams and Fraud. Unless you are sure about the other party do not get involved in financial transactions Report Abuse | Email this Ad    Share Dell Precision T7810Workstation Rental GurgaonImprove productivity Reply to: (Use contact form below) (Please mention ChennaiClassic.com when contacting) Dell Precision T7810 Workstation Rental Gurgaon Improve productivity.you prefer traditional storage options, choose the optional Intel CAS-W software solutions, you can enable I/O speeds close to that of solid-state drive configurations at the storage and price of traditional drives. Intel CAS-W provides a better user experience, with up to 3.6x higher frame rate in Adobe After Effects® 2015 and up to 70% increased frame rates in AutoCAD® 2015.2 Processor: Intel Xeon® Processor E5-2603 v4 Memory: 64GB (4x16GB) 2400MHz DDR4 RDIMM ECC Graphics: NVidia Quadro FX 4000 Hard Drive - NVIDIA® Quadro® K2200 4GB Contact us:GlobalnettechMobile no: 9036010005, Office no: 080-65707504, Email address: enquiry@globalnetech.in , http://globalnetech.in/ Contact this User:    Your email: * Message: * Attachment: The following file types are not allowed: exe, com, bat, vbs, js, jar, scr, pif Maximum file size: 200KB Security Code: * Enter the code shown above into this textbox   Send Now Posted on: Monday, 10 October, 2016  08:09 Expires On: Tuesday, 18 April, 2017  02:39 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact us| Post Free Ad| Chennai Classifieds| Jobs in India| Copyright © 2006 - 2016 ChennaiClassic.com Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Free Classifieds Ads Portal. All Rights Reserved Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.chennaiclassic.com Your most reliable resource for Jobs, Cars, plots, ads, Houses, Flats, Builders, Chennai Real Estate, Services ... Chennai Classic - Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Classified Ads Portal for Chennai Others Services
CLOSE Home News Downloads Download Past Issues Read on Issuu Read on Google Play Read on Magzter Download Podcasts Special Editions FCM Wiki Page Table of Contents Writers Style Guide Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Home News Downloads Download Past Issues Read on Issuu Read on Google Play Read on Magzter Download Podcasts Special Editions FCM Wiki Page Table of Contents Writers Style Guide Trending Now How to Secure Your Ubuntu Network Create Your Own Ubuntu 16.10 Live ISO with the New Linux For All (LFA) Distro Ubuntu Touch OTA-14 Slightly Delayed, New Task Manager Gets Fuzzy Background Docker 1.13.0 Enters Development, to Add Support for Ubuntu 16.10 and Fedora 25 Linux Kernel 4.4.31 LTS Released with Multiple Updated Drivers, Various Fixes Home news Linuxium Releases Ubuntu Builds For Small PCs Powered By Intel news Linuxium Releases Ubuntu Builds For Small PCs Powered By Intel By rascal23 - Oct 10, 2016 2118 0 Developer Linuxium has released different Ubuntu builds for small Intel-based PCs that are based on Bay Trail and Cherry Trail SOCs. Thanks to kernel patches, the users won’t face problems in HDMI audio, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth etc. while using Linux operating systems on such device. If you own a small desktop computer powered by Intel Atom processor that are based on Bay Trail and Cherry Trail SOCs, running Windows OS on them doesn’t pose any problem. However, installing Linux distributions is a different story. Attempting to do so results in HDMI audio, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth problems etc. To address this situation, Linuxium–developer Ian Morrison–has released Ubuntu builds for the mini PCs. On his blog, he writes that Ubuntu is well suited for Mini PCs as its different flavors provide the option to run a lightweight Linux-based OS. He has created ISO images specifically for Intel Compute Stick. These images also work with other Atom Bay Trail and Cherry Trail processors. Linuxium has combined the source code and recent patches to port them with Ubuntu kernel source. This has allowed him to provide a fully functional HDMI audio, Bluetooth, and Wi-Fi experience. Apart from Ubuntu, users can also download images for Lubuntu, Kubuntu, Xubuntu, Ubuntu GNOME, and Ubuntu MATE. Source: https://fossbytes.com/linuxium-releases-ubuntu-builds-intel-atom-based-mini-pcs/ Submitted by: Arnfried Walbrecht Previous articleSolus Gets Linux Kernel 4.8.1, LibreOffice 5.2.2, and Radeon Vulkan Driver Next articleDebian-Based DebEX Barebone Live DVD Features Xfce 4.12.1 and Linux Kernel 4.8 rascal23 RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR How to Secure Your Ubuntu Network Create Your Own Ubuntu 16.10 Live ISO with the New Linux For All (LFA) Distro Ubuntu Touch OTA-14 Slightly Delayed, New Task Manager Gets Fuzzy Background NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Buy Now Login This is how the world looks on Facebook's population maps Elusive 'Overwatch' hero Sombra is now available to everyone Engadget presents the Best of CES 2017! Latest in Gear Google expands mission to make automated translations suck less 3h ago View Google Fiber TV app recommends live shows 5h ago View Lucid Motors' super-secret car makes an appearance 7h ago View BMW expands its ReachNow car-share service to Brooklyn 8h ago View Image credit: save Save share ASUS ZenBook 3 review: A powerful MacBook competitor with issues When looks trump usability. Devindra Hardawar , @devindra 10.05.16 in Personal Computing Comments 998 Shares Share Tweet Share Save ZenBook 3 Get more info More 76 Scores Engadget 76   Critic Not yet scored   Users 1 Reviews Not yet scored   Key Specs Type  Ultraportable Bundled OS  Windows System RAM  4 GB Maximum battery life  Up to9 hour Pointing device  Trackpad From $749.00 Buy Now Apple's tiny MacBook was a revelation when it debuted last year. It was thinner and lighter than most ultraportables on the market, and its refined design brought over some cues from Apple's mobile hardware. So it was only a matter of time before a PC maker took a swing at a similar design. Enter the ASUS ZenBook 3, a minuscule machine that promises to be just as portable as the MacBook while packing in much faster hardware. But while ASUS has proved it can sell powerful machines for far less than the competition, it's less experienced when it comes to delivering truly premium hardware. The ZenBook 3, while attractive on the surface, is a reminder that ASUS still has a lot to learn. Gallery: ASUS ZenBook 3 review | 10 Photos 10 +6 Engadget Score Poor Uninspiring Good Excellent Key ASUS ZenBook 3 from $749+ Buy Now 76 Pros Thin and light design comparable to the MacBook As fast as other high-end ultraportables Vibrant screen Comes with a mini-dock for extra ports Cons Keyboard and trackpad are difficult to use Fingerprint sensor placement makes no sense Build quality is suspect Summary The ZenBook 3 does a decent job of mimicking the MacBook's design while also cramming in faster hardware. But the combination of a hard-to-use keyboard and trackpad, along with build quality concerns, make it difficult to recommend. Hardware At first glance, the Zenbook 3 screams luxury. Its aluminum alloy case is smooth and sleek, and it measures an impressive 11.9mm at its thickest point. I particularly liked the deep shade of blue and the gold accents, which are classy in a subtle way. ASUS's ZenBook line is unquestionably "Apple-inspired," with an emphasis on thin profiles and all-metal cases. But the ZenBook 3's design in particular looks like a mixture of the MacBook and the 11-inch MacBook Air, right down to the small notch below the trackpad and the look of the speakers above the keyboard. That's one way to evoke a premium feel, I guess. But it would have been nice to see some actual innovation, as with HP's sexy new Spectre. With a 12.5-inch display, ASUS managed to outdo the MacBook by half an inch. But Apple's laptop boasts a higher-resolution 2,304 x 1,440 display, as compared with 1080p on the ZenBook. At least it's a good-looking display, though; it's bright enough for outdoor use, while colors appear vibrant and mostly accurate. Though it's not a touchscreen display (that's to be expected with such a thin laptop), ASUS covered it in Gorilla Glass 4 for extra protection. After testing out plenty of touchscreen Windows laptops over the past few years, though, I'm surprised by how much I missed that feature here. While the two-pound ZenBook 3 feels light and sturdy at first, it wasn't long before I started noticing flaws. Applying a bit of pressure around the laptop's keyboard leads to some seriously disturbing creaking noises, as if the seams around the bottom of the case are rubbing against each other. It's not something you might ever do to your laptop, but this also doesn't bode well for long-term durability. If a bit of force from my hands can disturb the case's integrity, how can I ever trust it in a book bag with other heavy items? Then there's the keyboard and trackpad, which present a different set of issues. The ZenBook 3's buttons have more travel than those on the relatively flat MacBook, but the feedback you get when pressing them is mushy and insubstantial. Perhaps it's just because I'm a heavy typer, but I was never able to get into a decent typing flow. While I eventually got used to the wonky feedback, I still get more typos with this machine compared with every other laptop keyboard I've tested recently. Honestly, even though the MacBook's keyboard isn't ideal either, I still prefer it to the ZenBook 3's. The trackpad, while large and relatively smooth, is a chore to use. It requires a lot of pressure to register clicks, which isn't great when you're trying to balance an ultralight notebook on your lap. It would often get confused with left and right clicks, and on several occasions I had to press down multiple times for it to register anything. Tapping the trackpad to select things isn't great either, as it often moves the pointer off your target. And for some reason, ASUS thought it was a good idea to put its fingerprint sensor right on the trackpad. That effectively renders the top-right portion of the trackpad a dead zone most of the time. At least the fingerprint sensor works well; it usually gets me to the desktop in less than a second. On several occasions, I received warnings about Windows Hello being disabled because of too many fingerprint login attempts, even after I was just waking it up from sleep mode. I'm not sure why those errors occurred, but it makes me think that Windows Hello is somehow trying to identify fingerprints even when the ZenBook's lid is shut. (And that could be tied to the flexing issue as well.) You might have noticed one other nod to the MacBook: The ZenBook 3's only ports are a single USB-C socket and a 3.5mm headphone jack. At least ASUS was kind enough to bundle in a USB-C mini-dock, which includes an HDMI port, a traditional USB connection and another USB-C socket. Unfortunately, you can use the dock's USB-C port only for charging, which will make life difficult if you want to connect a USB-C device and an external monitor at the same time. Performance and battery life PCMark 7 PCMark 8 (Creative Accelerated) 3DMark 11 3DMark (Sky Diver) ATTO (top reads/writes) ASUS ZenBook 3 (2.7GHz Intel Core-i7-7500U, Intel HD 620) 5,448 3,911 E2,791 / P1,560 3,013 1.67 GB/s / 1.44 GB/s HP Spectre 13 (2.5GHz Intel Core i7-6500U, Intel HD 520) 5,046 3,747 E2,790 / P1,630 / X375 3,810 1.61 GB/s / 307 MB/s Huawei MateBook (1.1 GHz Core M3, Intel HD 515) 3,592 2,867 E1,490 / P887 2,454 538 MB/s / 268 MB/s Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet (1.2 GHz Core M7-6Y75, Intel HD 515) 4,951 3,433 E1,866 / P1,112 2,462 545 MB/s / 298 MB/s Dell XPS 13 (2.3GHz Core i5-6200U, Intel Graphics 520) 4,954 3,499 E2,610 / P1,531 3,335 1.6GB/s / 307 MB/s Razer Blade Stealth (2.5GHz Intel Core i7-6500U, Intel HD 520) 5,131 3,445 E2,788 / P1,599 / X426 3,442 1.5 GB/s / 307 MB/s Microsoft Surface Pro 4 (2.4GHz Core i5-6300U, Intel HD 520) 5,403 3,602 E2,697/ P1,556/ X422 3,614 1.6 GB/s / 529 MB/s Lenovo Yoga 900 (2.5GHz Core i7-6500U, Intel HD 520) 5,368 3,448 E2,707 / P1,581 3,161 556 MB/s / 511 MB/s What's truly impressive about the ZenBook 3 is that ASUS has managed to fit in seventh-generation Intel Core processors and gobs of memory in such a tiny case. Our review unit came with a Core i7-7500U, which offers speeds between 2.7GHz and 2.9GHz, and 16GB of LPDDR3 RAM clocked at 2,133MHz. ASUS says it worked with Intel to achieve that memory speed, which is faster than any other ultraportable on the market. It even exceeds the maximum 1,866MHz RAM speeds Intel officially supports for its latest chips. The MacBook, on the other hand, is still stuck with slow Core m3 and m5 CPUs and a maximum of 8GB of RAM. Apple might refresh it soon, now that the seventh-gen Intel CPUs are available, but for the time being, ASUS wins the spec battle. The ZenBook 3 felt just as zippy as other high-end ultraportables. It didn't skip a beat during my typical workflow, which involves having several browsers open with dozens of tabs each, plus Slack, Spotify and Photoshop. And thanks to the video-decoding capabilities in Intel's new processors, the CPU usage managed to stay below 20 percent when I streamed 4K video from YouTube. Basically, you're not sacrificing any performance here. Battery life ASUS ZenBook 3 9:45 Surface Book (Core i5, integrated graphics) 13:54 / 3:20 (tablet only) HP Spectre x360 (13-inch, 2015) 11:34 Surface Book (Core i7, discrete graphics) 11:31 / 3:02 (tablet only) Apple MacBook Pro with Retina display (13-inch, 2015) 11:23 iPad Pro (12.9-inch, 2015) 10:47 HP Spectre x360 15t 10:17 Chromebook Pixel (2015) 10:01 Lenovo Yoga 900 9:36 Apple MacBook (2016) 8:45 Samsung Notebook 9 8:16 Dell XPS 13 (2015) 7:36 Microsoft Surface Pro 4 7:15 HP Spectre 13 7:07 Huawei MateBook 6:35 Razer Blade Stealth 5:48 Dell XPS 15 (2016) 5:25 (7:40 with the mobile charger) When it comes to real-world battery life, the ZenBook 3 also outshines some recent ultraportables I've seen, like the Huawei MateBook and the Lenovo X1 Yoga with OLED. It typically lasted an entire workday, and sometimes it even had juice left over by the time I got home. In our typical battery test, which involves looping an HD video until the power dies, it lasted around nine hours and 45 minutes. Given that Intel is stressing video decoding with its new chips, though, that figure might not be directly comparable to other ultraportables. I'll be testing the ZenBook 3 with other battery benchmarks soon and will report back with the results. Configuration options and the competition You have two choices with the ZenBook: the $1,099 model with a Core i5-7200U processor, 8GB of RAM and 256GB of storage; or the more powerful $1,599 version with a Core i7-7500U chip, 16GB of RAM and a 512GB SSD. The latter model was the one I tested, so keep that in mind if you're hoping to achieve the kind of performance reflected in our benchmarks. Apple's MacBook, which is really the only direct competitor, starts at $1,299, with a significantly slower Core M3 CPU, 8GB of RAM and a 256GB SSD. Bumping up to $1,599 gets you a Core M5 and more storage, but you'll still be stuck with 8GB of RAM. If you can live with something slightly heavier, then you've got a wealth of ultraportable options to choose from, including HP's revamped Spectre 13 (2.45 pounds), the fantastic Dell XPS 13 (2.6 pounds), and even Microsoft's Surface Pro 4. All of those machines will likely get upgraded soon with Intel's seventh-gen CPUs, so it might be worth waiting a bit (or snap up one of last year's models if they're on sale). Wrap-up Ultimately, with the ZenBook 3, ASUS did what it does best: pack in plenty of powerful hardware for a cheaper price than the competition. But the company's inexperience at crafting truly high-end machines shows, with some truly worrying durability and usability issues. I give ASUS credit for building such a thin and powerful device, but what does that matter if the keyboard and trackpad are a pain to use? ASUS ZenBook 3 from $749+ Buy Now 76 In this article: asus, gadgetry, gadgets, gear, MacBook, personal computing, personalcomputing, review, ultraportables, ZenBook, ZenBook3 By Devindra Hardawar @devindra Devindra has been obsessed with technology for as long as he can remember -- starting with the first time he ever glimpsed an NES. He spent several years fixing other people's computers before he started down the treacherous path of writing about technology. Mission accomplished? 998 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 37m 37m ago in Internet Twitter bans multiple 'alt-right' accounts It didn't take long for those new counter-abuse tools to get a workout. By T. Seppala,  37m ago save Save share View 2h 2h ago in AV Twitch chases YouTube with improved upload options The Uploads beta now has support for more video codecs, while longer tags make finding videos easier. By S. Buckley,  2h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in Internet Google expands mission to make automated translations suck less Neural Machine Translation is now used to decipher English, German and Japanese and a few others. By T. Seppala,  3h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in AV Sony suspends player who found a sex organ in 'Watch Dogs 2' Ubisoft is tweaking the character model, but it's a little too late. By J. Fingas,  3h ago save Save share View 4h 4h ago in Internet This is how the world looks on Facebook's population maps The social network is mapping rural regions across the globe in an effort to bring communication technologies to disconnected areas. By J. Conditt,  4h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,275 Reviews & Articles | 52,907 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: Three awesome GIGABYTE Motherboards Intel Z170 Motherboards up for grabs! TRENDING NOW: Watch Dogs 2 first impressions Home News Motherboards ASUS 100 series motherboards will support Kaby Lake CPUs Intel's next-gen Kaby Lake CPUs will work on all 100-series motherboards from ASUS By: Anthony Garreffa | Motherboards News | Posted: Oct 9, 2016 5:46 am Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Intel will soon introduce their next-generation CPU architecture, and now we know that 100-series motherboards from ASUS will support the upcoming Kaby Lake processors - while the impending release of the 200 series will support them from day one.     ASUS series100 motherboards can be updated with Kaby Lake support through a BIOS update, using either a USB drive in the UEFI, or within Windows. You can get the new BIOS update on the ASUS website.   Here's a list of the ASUS 100-series motherboards that will support Kaby Lake CPUs after the BIOS update:     Instant compatibility with next-generation Intel Core processors   All ASUS 100-series motherboards that include the ASUS USB BIOS Flashback feature allow users to apply UEFI BIOS updates with ease. For other ASUS 100-series motherboards the necessary UEFI BIOS update takes just one click in an easy-to-use Windows-based BIOS updater application, ASUS EZ Update, which is available to download from the ASUS website.   Users keen to take advantage of the power of the next generation of LGA1151 Intel Core processors should visit product support page via http://www.asus.com and download the relevant UEFI BIOS version today. The following ASUS 100-series motherboards can be updated for compatibility with the latest Intel CPUs:   A future BIOS update will further improve performance and functionality. Recommended for You PCIe 4.0 won't deliver 300W over the PCIe slot after... GIGABYTE teases next-gen X99 motherboards ahead of... BIOSTAR's new J3160MD motherboard features built-in... ASUS unveils its new X99 Signature and ROG Strix motherboards... >> NEXT STORY: Overwatch leaks: Sombra design, Halloween brawl teased << PREVIOUS STORY: Power Rangers trailer drops, and it looks different Related Tags ASUS Intel ASUS Kaby Lake ASUS Z170 Intel 100 series Kaby Lake Kaby Lake CPU Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts HP's new super-small PC packs Intel Xeon, M.2 SSD, more Dishonored 2 crap perf on PC 'totally on us' says dev HBO's 'Westworld' renewed for a second season NVIDIA's new supercomputer will design next-gen GPUs Apple's new $300 design book doesn't include 3.5mm jackView More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity Gigabyte X58-UD5 System Doesn't Boot Anymore! ADATA SE730 (2016) 250GB Portable SSD Review C2750DI no video/POST i can't install anything on my newly built gaming pc Samsung 960 EVO 1TB 1TB & 250GB M.2 NVMe PCIe SSD ReviewView More Forum Posts Press Releases Asius technologies crowdfunds to produce its revolutionary ADEL Drum Bionic earbuds University of Toronto selects CoolIT Systems to liquid cool signal processor for CHIME Project MSI VR One backpack PC and GS63VR Stealth Pro gaming notebook recognized as 2017 CES innovation honoree G.SKILL releases new RIPJAWS KM570 RGB mechanical gaming keyboard Next Generation Esports (NGE) launches BattleRekt tournamentView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2016 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice Printers All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path BestPS4Games SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic TwitterAbuse GooglePhotoScan Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Laptops & Notebooks/ Next Dell XPS 13 Will Be a Convertible With Edge-to-Edge Display Next Dell XPS 13 Will Be a Convertible With Edge-to-Edge Display By Juan Martinez October 10, 2016 02:59pm EST 10 Comments Exclusive: One of the best laptops on the market will undergo a major redesign in time for CES 2017. Dell will introduce a convertible version of the XPS 13 with an edge-to-edge display in time for CES 2017, a Dell source tells PCMag. Unlike other convertibles on the market, the XPS 13 convertible will feature Dell's "InfinityEdge" design, which enables each side of the the display to extend to within millimeters of the bezel's edge. This design provides the illusion of a borderless screen that extends from corner to corner and side to side. The new unit will also feature Intel's Kaby Lake processor. The tricky part about designing a convertible with an edge-to-edge display is that when the device is used as a tablet, the edges and corners of the screen are typically the locations where users hold the device. Without some sort of tablet-mode software solution for this issue, users will accidentally click on links and buttons at the edges of the screen. Although our source said Dell would make the experience possible in a manner similar to how one navigates on a phone (e.g. touching the screen in one spot while scrolling up and down in another), the source declined to provide additional comment. For reference, last year's Dell XPS 13 Touch is our Editors' Choice for ultraportable laptops. It features a 13.3-inch, QHD+ (3,200-by-1,800-pixel), resolution screen. It weighs 2.85 pounds and it's just 0.6 inches thick. Dell will also refresh the Latitude 13 series with convertible form factors and InfinityEdge displays. As with the XPS 13, our source declined to offer specifics about the devices. The Latitude lineup, although similar in design to XPS models, are designed for business users. They typically come packed with software that enables mobile device managers to remote wipe devices and prevent malware attacks. Back to top Previous : Kangaroo Notebook Offers 2 Mini PCs for $300 HP Reveals Next-Gen Spectre, Envy PCs Next : By Juan Martinez Juan Martinez is PCMag's Senior Editor, Business. His work has been featured in the following print and digital magazines: Esquire.com, Publishers Weekly, ClickZ, ZDNet, TechRepublic, TechRadar, Content Marketing Institute, CRM Magazine and Direct Marketing News. He has a master's degree in creative writing from Columbia University and a bachelor's degree from Bard College. Prior to PCMag, Juan was the Senior Editor of TechRadar Pro, and a Technology Editor at CBS Interactive. He can be reached at juan_martinez@pcmag.com. Follow Juan on Twitter at @jrobertmartinez.... More » More Stories by Juan Industry Insight: What Social Media's Future Means for Business We talk with Synthesio's CEO on the rapid changes happening in the social media landscape and what t... More » Jail Tech: Phones, Tablets, and Software Behind Bars The prison system has been notoriously slow to adopt new technology. That needs to change. More » Make Sure Your eLearning Authoring Tool Has These Five Video Features Video creation should become a part of your course creation repertoire. Make sure your system can pe... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Related Reviews Dell XPS 13 Touch (2016) Acer Chromebook 14 New Razer Blade Stealth (Late 2016) Acer Aspire R 14 (R5-471T-52EE) The Best Laptops of 2016 //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
null
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   GammaTech Computer Corporation Press Release Receive press releases from GammaTech Computer Corporation: By Email RSS Feeds: DURABOOK Rugged Computers for Oil and Gas Industry at PBIOS 2016 DURABOOK Notebooks and Tablets will be at PBIOS, Offering Unsurpassed Shock, Drop, and Spill Resistance, Tough-as-Nails Magnesium Case, Wireless Connectivity Options Fremont, CA, October 10, 2016 --(PR.com)-- GammaTech will be exhibiting with its partner Remote Communications at the 2016 Permian Basin International Oil Show (PBIOS) from October 18 – 20. The companies will display the DURABOOK line of rugged notebooks and tablets at booth # C47. Most of the DURABOOK devices have C1D2 certification for operating in hazardous conditions, making them ideal for the oil and gas industry where reliability and durability are imperative to a successful production. DURABOOK Offers Ultimate Computing Devices for Oil and Gas Designed to be accurate and efficient in the most demanding fields, DURABOOK operate with features that other computers can’t match. DURABOOK rugged computers are built to stringent MIL-STD-810G guidelines for drop, shock, spill, and dust protection, with many models having an IP65 rating, ensuring they are sealed tight from damaging water and dust intrusion. The magnesium alloy casing is 20 times stronger than ABS plastic and manufactured to resist vibration and shock, allowing for ultimate mobility in the field. The hard drive is shock mounted to protect vital data. An internal GPS feature enables pin-point location, and the multiple wireless connectivity options keep work crews in touch with their supervisors, no matter where the job takes them. Many models include optional office and vehicle docks for ultimate versatility and portability; an optional backlit keyboard for working in dark environments; and a daylight visible screen for bright outdoor situations. Products at PBIOS DURABOOK is built to operate and survive in an industry where disruption of production needs to be avoided, making it the perfect computing solution for oil and gas applications. Below are the products that suit the needs of the oil and gas industry the best and will be featured at PBIOS. R11 Fully Rugged Tablet The R11 rugged tablet gives oil and gas operators the portability they need to collect and report issues before they become problems and has earned C1D2 certification for operating in hazardous locations. The R11 is the lightest and thinnest rugged tablet PC in its class at only 2.73 pounds including battery. With an optional detachable keyboard, the R11 becomes a 2-in-1 that can work as a laptop and offer a high-performance, complete mobile computing solution. The R11 features an 11.6” TFT LCD capacitive touch display and a powerful 5th generation Intel Broadwell Core™ processor. It is also certified to stringent MIL-STD-810G, MIL-STD-461F, IP65 specifications. The R11 functions for up to seven hours (optional extended battery pack provides up to 14 hours of operation), includes an M2-SATA SSD, microSD card slot, full HD camera, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and standard security features. The R11 is covered by DURABOOK’s Peace of Mind (POM) warranty for three years. SA14 Rugged Notebook The built-tough and rugged DURABOOK SA14 notebook has been updated to better serve the needs of professions that require ultimate portability and versatility, such as those working with oil and gas. Updates include a choice from four Intel 6th generation Skylake turbo processors, greater system memory and graphics, enhanced wireless/communications capability, more interface options, the inclusion of Microsoft Windows 10 operating system, a three-year warranty period, and more. The SA14 features 14.0” HD LCD Touchscreen, 2.5” 9.5mm SATA HDD storage with exclusive HDD quick-release feature and a 2.0MP webcam. It meets the MIL-STD- 810G and IP53 standards for drop, vibration, dust and water resistance ensuring that hazards in the field won’t effect its operation. S15AB Rugged Notebook An Honorable Mention recipient in the 2015 CRN Test Center’s “2015 Products of the Year” listing, the S15AB is the lightest and thinnest 15.6” rugged notebook in the market. It features a generous LCD display with full high-definition resolution (1920x1080); Intel®’s 5th generation Broadwell U series CPU; an integrated web camera with microphone; a capacitive touch pad with L/R buttons to support multi-finger tracking and gestures; a built-in SD card reader and support for SDXC cards; and a Smart Card reader that allows the card to be fully inserted. The S15AB also comes with an assortment of wireless communications methods, keeping oil and gas crews in communication and up-to-date with each other. R8300 Fully Rugged Notebook The R8300 notebook has been designed to withstand extremely harsh environments, ensuring longevity in oil and gas production. Not only does it earn C1D2 certification for operating in hazardous conditions, it also meets a host of rugged certifications such as Military Standard 810G, 461F, IP65, and more. This fully rugged powerhouse is equipped with Intel 6th generation Skylake processor and DDR4 system memory. It comes with a 13.3” TFT LCD display with sunlight readable feature, quick-release HDD-storage capability, Wifi and Bluetooth connectivity, 9 hours of battery life (with an optional hot-swappable second battery pack for up to 16 hours of operation with both packs), TPM2.0 advanced security protection, GPS module, and more. The R8300 is covered by DURABOOK’s Peace of Mind (POM) warranty for three years. Contact Information GammaTech Computer Corporation Rita Lee 714-891-3660 Contact www.gammatechusa.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from GammaTech Computer Corporation Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> desktops Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Smartphones Mobile Intel Google Snapdragon 821 Pixel Motherboards GPUs Asus Home> desktops Samsung ArtPC: Cylindrical PC with 360º audio, i5/i7 plus NVMe, Preorders from $1200 by Ian Cutress on October 10, 2016 2:15 PM EST Posted in desktops Systems Samsung ArtPC 45 Comments | Add A Comment 45 Comments + Add A Comment For most PC enthusiasts, if you ask them to name a cylindrical machine, the Mac Pro comes immediately to mind. Not to tread too heavily on Apple’s toes on what would now be a 2-3-year-old product, Samsung is entering the market with a more consumer focused ‘ArtPC Pulse Premium Desktop’ in a cylindrical aluminium chassis. The PC is self-contained with an Intel 6th generation Core i5 or Core i7, and an AMD Radeon RX based graphics card. On the top is a harmon/kardon 360-degree omni-directional audio speaker. Preorders for both the Skylake-based Core i5 and Skylake-based Core i7 start from $1200 and $1600 from Amazon respectively. The exact CPU models have not been listed by either Samsung or Amazon as of yet, however it states the Core i5 is at 2.7 GHz, which is akin to the i5-6400 at 65W TDP or i5-6600T at 35W – the latter seeming more appropriate. For the Core i7, it is listed as 3.4 GHz, which would put it as the i7-6700, at 65W. Here’s the breakdown of the two systems, with the more expensive MSI Vortex G65 that has a full i7-6700K and dual GPUs: Specifications of Samsung ArtPC and MSI Vortex G65   ArtPC Pulse Desktop DP700C6A-A01US ArtPC Pulse Desktop DP700C6A-X01US MSI Vortex G65 SLI-011 CPU Intel Core i7-6600 4C/8T, 3.4 GHz 65W Intel Core i5, 2.4 GHz either i5-6400 (65W) or i5-6600T (35W) Intel Core i7-6700K 4C/8T 4.0 GHz PCH Unknown 100-series Intel Z170 RAM 16GB DDR4 Unknown Config 8GB DDR4 Unknown Config 4 SO-DIMM Slots 2 x 8 GB DDR4-2133 GPU AMD Radeon RX 460 2GB 2 x NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960 3 GB SSD 256 GB NVMe 2 x 128 GB PCIe 3.0 x4 HDD 1TB HDD Unknown Form Factor - 1 TB HDD 7200 RPM LAN Unknown GbE 2x Killer E2400 WLAN ?? Rivet Killer Wireless-AC-1535 802.11ac Wi-Fi + Bluetooth (2T2R) with MU-MIMO PSU ?? 450 W 80Plus Gold DisplayPort Maybe via Type-C? Otherwise no. 2 x DP 1.2 HDMI Yes, Unknown 2 x HDMI 1.4 Thunderbolt No 2 x TB3 via Type-C USB 4 x USB 3.0 4 x USB 3.0 1 x Type-C, Unknown Speed 2 x USB 3.1 via TB3 Dimensions 5.51 x 5.51 x 12.18-in 7.61 x 7.01 x 10.55-in Volume 6.06 liters 6.5 liter Weight 7.4 lbs (3.4 kg) 8.8 lbs (4.0 kg) Price Pre-order: $1600 Pre-order: $1200 $2199 We don’t have pictures of the internals, but one would assume that both systems would offer dual channel memory and Samsung NVMe drives, however it is unclear if these are user upgradable. The Core i5 is listed as having 8GB of DDR4 (probably DDR4-2133) and a 256GB NVMe SSD, whereas the Core i7 is listed as having 16GB of DDR4 and a 256GB NVMe SSD with another 1TB SATA HDD. It doesn’t state that the 1TB is mechanical, or a 2.5-inch drive, so until we can see the insides it is hard to tell. It is stated that the 1TB is a ‘module’ and users can add their own ‘modules’, but no further information is given. Both systems come with an AMD Radeon RX 460 graphics card, which we would assume would be the MXM version similarly used in notebooks, but in this case with 2GB of GPU memory. Clearly visible are four USB 3.0 ports, a USB Type-C port (unsure on the speed), a HDMI output, an Ethernet port, an SD card reader and a single headphone jack. For this price it seems a little strange not to see any front facing Thunderbolt 3 ports here, and given that there are harmon/karmon speakers fitted, and something more in the audio ports might be worthwhile. It would be interesting to get a breakdown and see which audio codec they’ve fitted for the headphone audio port, as well as the Ethernet port controller. A note about the speakers - the Amazon listing for these machines indicates that 3xAA batteries are required, which might mean for the speaker itself as a separate entity, or these machines might come with a remote control. The design is fairly minimal in design and measures 5.51 x 5.51 x 12.18 inches (13.9 x 13.9 x 30.9 cm) and uses the single central fan concept we’ve seen on a few other devices like the Mac Pro, the MSI Vortex and the GIGABYTE UHD Brix. The Samsung ArtPC is available for preorder today at $1200 and $1600 from Amazon, to be delivered on the 28th of October in the US. Source: Liliputing, MS Power User Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 45 Comments View All Comments zmeul - Monday, October 10, 2016 - link it's that the front or the back? if it's the front, why is there the power plug and the ethernet port on the front?! if that's the back, why is the SD card reader, the headphone jack, the power button, the BT button and USB ports on the back? Reply lazarpandar - Monday, October 10, 2016 - link I'm willing to bet that that's the back. Reply close - Monday, October 10, 2016 - link I'm willing to bet that plenty of people now think that Apple invented the cylinder and Samsung is just copying... Reply HunterKlynn - Monday, October 10, 2016 - link Don't cut yourself on that edge, man. Reply BurntMyBacon - Tuesday, October 11, 2016 - link vFunct's comment below: "Can Samsung ever do anything besides copy Apple non-stop 100% of the time?" I'll leave the debate over whether the statement is valid or not to more interested parties, but it looks like your prediction was at least half correct. Reply fafan - Wednesday, October 12, 2016 - link You cannot blame Samsung that they only copy Apple 100%. Give them some credit man! They are original too! Samsung invented the Exploding Phone! Reply Nallaikkumaran - Saturday, October 15, 2016 - link Hello fafan. The idiots thinking apple invented Cylindrical PC. Apple Mac Pro copycat from SFF Cylindrical PC (2005). Apple is always copying from every brand. Apple is the founding father of copying.This article seems to lack research. Maybe you need to be educated a little more. Stop ur FAKE propaganda. In fact, Apple invented the Exploding Phone!. There are plenty of reports recently about iPhone 5, 6 and 7 explosions as well (2014-2016). But they are no news about that. Apple media (USA) are very good at masking Apple problems. Check out Google "iPhone fire" (100 news..). Reply jecs - Monday, October 17, 2016 - link I don't think the point has never been if Apple really invented something from "0" because nobody has ever done that and copying is no bad per se. Every master learned copying first. I think the point is at what level you copy an idea, if you improve over the original and if you added distinctive features to make it your own. If a company or person is too literal it is a copy if they add their very own flavor and functionality it is a valid design. I always used a Mac but also PCs and I don't mind or care if Samsung copied Apple's Mac Pro, what I observe is the HC speaker on top as I don't like it being permanent and even less running on batteries, and as many here I don't know if the connector panel make complete sense. Other than that I like the general concept. Also I don't think it is great to offer 9xx Nvidia options, I will asume 10xx series will be offered. Reply misan - Tuesday, October 18, 2016 - link Sign... the SFF computer was just a regular normal case which happened to be round. With the cylindrical Mac Pro, they have completely reorganised the inside of the case, using a central cooling tunnel with oversized fans and placing the components on its sides, with heatsinks facing inwards. The Mac Pro is first and foremost a novel cooling solution. I am not aware of anyone who did something like that before. So yes, Apple was first with it and then others started copying their design more or less 1-to-1. Reply bigboxes - Monday, October 10, 2016 - link Exactly what I was thinking. Stupid design. Reply 1 2 3 4 5 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News OnePlus Launches The OnePlus 3T ECS Preps LIVA Z: Apollo Lake-Based Nettop with 4K and USB-C Support Toshiba Finalizes Plans for New 3D NAND Fab: Coming Online in 2019 AKiTiO Introduces Node: Thunderbolt 3 eGFX Box for $299 AMD @ SC16: Radeon Open Compute Platform (ROCm) 1.3 Released, Boltzmann Comes to Fruition ASUS ROG GT51 Desktop: Overclocked i7-6700K, GTX 1080 SLI, 64 GB DDR4, $4999 HTC Announces the HTC Bolt - A Sprint-Exclusive Smartphone for LTE Plus NVIDIA Announces Record Q3 FY 2017 Results Best Android Phones: Holiday 2016 Alienware 13 R3: Quad-Core CPU, GeForce GTX 1060, QHD OLED, VR Ready AOC Launches the AG352QCX: 35-Inch 200 Hz 2560×1080 Curved Display with Adaptive-Sync BenQ Announces the ZOWIE XL2540: 24-Inch 240 Hz Full-HD Display 'for e-Sports' TWEETS RyanSmithAT: @FouzanWasTaken @IanCutress Sorry, I don't have the 460 version. I have the 455 version, the same as the other press RyanSmithAT: Random PS4 observation: most games don't have manuals. Like at all. IanCutress: @wccftechdotcom source? RyanSmithAT: RT @anandtech: Commercial NAS Operating Systems - A Comprehensive Overview of Core Features https://t.co/alP0HFcLqZ IanCutress: @cavemanjim Give us a shout if you've got time for lunch while you're here IanCutress: @tom_forsyth Hits peak efficiency at the dvfs point then duty cycles. OS still sees non dc freq… https://t.co/QCO9Nvvwgc RyanSmithAT: @XxVcVxX We're not able to reply to everyone. But if your app meets our approval, you should hear from us by mid-December RyanSmithAT: @Dafuqizwrong Many of our editors are part time IanCutress: I can't submit an @EE broadband bug report with dashes or parentheses in description. Wow, that's bad XSS/DB security at the expense of UX. IanCutress: If you're paying someone you describe as an expert to star in an advert for your product, how is said person impartial? ganeshts: @mikinho Definitely. For content consumption / tablet use-cases in mobile devices, USB-C ports are sufficient. Not sure about 'Pro' devices ganeshts: @DanMatte Yup,including TB3 ports is a great value-add for any computing system, but we need other ports also for practical purposes ganeshts: No doubt that USB-C is the future, and adoption should be driven up. The Q is - are notebooks having ONLY those por… https://t.co/kgVGy6Tpip ganeshts: .@Krewell Thunderbolt 3's versatility should be complementary to existing ports, not full-blown replacement. Apple's usage not convincing ganeshts: @guspaz @troywolv That is the problem with ISPs that also deliver TV. IPTV / OTT cut into that revenue segment, caps are a counter Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
This site is best experienced with JavaScript enabled. Store Products Software & services Windows Office Free downloads & security Internet Explorer Microsoft Edge Skype OneNote OneDrive Microsoft Health MSN Bing Microsoft Groove Microsoft Movies & TV Devices & Xbox All Microsoft devices Microsoft Surface All Windows PCs & tablets PC accessories Xbox & games Microsoft Lumia All Windows phones Microsoft HoloLens For business Cloud Platform Microsoft Azure Microsoft Dynamics Windows for business Office for business Skype for business Surface for business Enterprise solutions Small business solutions Find a solutions provider Volume Licensing For developers & IT pros Develop Windows apps Microsoft Azure MSDN TechNet Visual Studio For students & educators Office for students OneNote in classroom Shop PCs & tablets perfect for students Microsoft in Education Support Sign in items in cart Search MicrosoftSearch items in cart StoreStore Store Home Devices Microsoft Surface PCs & tablets Xbox Virtual reality Accessories Windows phone Software & Apps Office Windows Additional software Windows apps Windows phone apps Games & Entertainment Xbox One games Xbox 360 games PC games (disc) Windows digital games Windows phone games Movies & TV Music Deals Sale Holiday Gift Guide Microsoft Surface Deals PC Deals Xbox Deals More Gift cards Business Students & educators Developer Find a store Microsoft Surface Devices Microsoft Surface PCs & tablets Xbox Virtual reality Accessories Windows phone Software & Apps Office Windows Additional software Windows apps Windows phone apps Games & Entertainment Xbox One games Xbox 360 games PC games (disc) Windows digital games Windows phone games Movies & TV Music Deals Sale Holiday Gift Guide Microsoft Surface Deals PC Deals Xbox Deals More Gift cards Business Students & educators Developer Find a store Microsoft Surface Home >For your business For your business Call 866-425-4709 to place your business order Shop categories: Surface for business Office for business Business PCs Windows Project Visio Visual Studio 2015 Server and IT software Your business partner Get the software and devices you need to succeed. For larger orders and special pricing call 866-425-4709. Request a quote Surface financing Discover Surface Membership, devices, upgrades, and expert on-demand support. Shop now > Accelerate Your Business Get the right Dell devices, support, and flexible payments for your business. Shop now > Office for business Office means business. Work anywhere, anytime, on any device. Shop now > Buy a select Surface device, get a 1-year DocuSign subscription*Shop Surface Pro 4 Shop Surface Book Office 365 is built for business See plans and pricing Office 365 Business Full, installed Office on PC/Mac Office apps on tablets and phones 1TB file storage and sharing Purchase on Office365.com Starting at $8.25 user/month Office 365 Business Premium All the features of Office 365 Business plus: Email with 50GB mailbox HD video conferencing Purchase on Office365.com Starting at $12.50 user/month Education institutions Find the best tools for teaching and learning Shop now Office for small business Office Home & Business 2016 For 1 PC Fully installed versions of Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and OneNote Store files in the cloud with OneDrive $229.99 Office Home & Business 2016 for Mac For 1 Mac (Mac OS X 10.10) Fully installed versions of Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and OneNote Store files in the cloud with OneDrive $229.99 Office Professional 2016 For 1 PC Fully installed versions of Outlook, Publisher, Access, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and OneNote Store files in the cloud with OneDrive $399.99 Additional business software Shop now Windows 10 Pro All the features of Windows 10 Home plus business functionality for encryption, remote log-in, creating virtual machines, and more. $199.99 Visio Standard 2016 Simplify and visually communicate complex information. $299.99 Project Standard 2016 Keep your projects organized and on track with this powerful, easy to use management tool. $589.99 Visual Studio Professional with MSDN Get development tools that make you and your small team more productive. $1,199.00 SQL Server 2016 Standard Edition Get enhanced performance and greater scalability with SQL Server 2016. $3,189.00 System Center Essentials 2010 Server Management License Microsoft Service Center Essentials 2010 provides a unified management solution that enables IT professionals in midsize organizations to manage their IT environment with increased efficiency. $99.99 Surface means business Shop now Free year of DocuSign Free year of DocuSign Commercial Microsoft Surface Book 13.5-inch PixelSense touchscreen display 6th Gen Intel Core i5 or i7 Surface Pen included Windows 10 Pro Starting at $1,499.00 Free year of DocuSign Free year of DocuSign Commercial Microsoft Surface Pro 4 12.3-inch PixelSense touchscreen display 6th Gen Intel Core m3, i5, or i7 Surface Pen included Windows 10 Pro Starting at $899.00 Commercial Surface 3 10.8" Full HD touchscreen display Windows 10 Pro operating system Only 1.37 lbs Starting at $549.00 Business PCs Shop now Lenovo Thinkpad X1 Yoga Signature Edition 2 in 1 PC 14-inch WQHD OLED touchscreen Intel i7 6th Gen 16GB memory/512GB SSD Up to 11 hours battery life $2,699.00 Dell Latitude 15 3570 Laptop + 3 Year Onsite Warranty 15.6-inch HD touchscreen Intel i5 6th Gen 4GB memory/500GB HDD Windows 10 Pro Includes Dell 3 Year Onsite Warranty $899.00 HP EliteBook Folio G1 Signature Edition Laptop 12.5-inch Full HD touchscreen Intel Core m5-6Y54 8GB memory/Up to 512GB SSD Windows 10 Pro $1,299.00 Transforming business Introducing the Microsoft HoloLens Commercial Suite Shop now Business Solutions: Computers, Software & More Get the tools your organization needs to succeed. At Microsoft our innovative business solutions give you access to the latest software, laptops, PCs and tablets – so you can stay productive and protected, no matter where you're working. • Business Software: Whether you have a large company or run a one-person show, with Office 365, Office 365 Home & Business – or one of our other Office products, you can create professional presentations, organize data in spreadsheets, develop documents for clients, and design customized marketing materials for a product, your department, or your business. In addition to Microsoft Office products, our business software solutions also include Visio 2016, Project 2016, Visual Studio with MSDN, and more. • Laptops: From the Surface Book to innovative Dell and VAIO laptops, for business our collection delivers the power, reliability and security you need to work your way – safely. Featuring ultra-fast processors, brilliant, true-to-life displays, and available touchscreen technology, they make it easy to tackle projects, communicate with clients and more, virtually anywhere. You'll also find some options, like the Surface Book, that have been designed to pair with your IT infrastructure, and include a TPM chip, and are compatible with BitLocker. This way, you can protect your work at the office, at home, and everywhere in between. • PCs: In addition to laptops, our collection of business computers also includes powerful desktops. Designed for all that you do, these stationary machines deliver powerful processors, vast amounts of hard drive space, and plenty of memory for speedy multitasking. And with access to several USB ports, you can connect two or more monitors to your desktop, and get a larger view of all your files. • Tablets: With business tablets like the Surface Pro 4 and the Surface Book, Microsoft gives you flexible solutions when portability is key. Not only are they compatible with a wide range of software, and feature the speed and memory you need to at work, but they also boast vivid displays that make details easy to see, as well as sensitive touchscreens and classic keyboards – so you can use them your way. At Microsoft, our business solutions include everything from software to PCs, laptops and tablets. Explore our newest collection, or contact one of our customer service specialists to find the right technology for all that you do. Sign up for Microsoft news and special offer emails Sign up Thanks for signing up. We’ll be in touch soon. Privacy policy Our Categories Office Windows Microsoft Surface PCs & tablets Xbox PC gaming Microsoft HoloLens Virtual and mixed reality NFL merchandise Student deals All categories Other Microsoft sites Account View account Order tracking Digital content Wish list About Affiliate program Sitemap Careers Store locations Microsoft Rewards Help Support Orders Returns All help topics FAQ Office 365 renewal Connect Other Microsoft sites English (United States)‎ Contact Us Privacy & Cookies Terms Of Use And Sale Trademarks Feedback © 2016 Microsoft   This site is hosted by Digital River Back to top button Back to top Talk to an expert We’re here to help × What would you like to do? < Back Chat with someone before I buy Find info about my order Get technical or download support Text chat Start text chatText chat unavailable Call us Store sale and customer support: 1-855-843-96171-855-843-9618 For products bought elsewhere: 1-800-642-7676 Which product? Windows Office Surface Xbox See more
Skip to: Content | | Footer Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More! If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly. Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center All Products DEALS & SERVICES Black Friday Preview Deals start at 11/21 1PM PT unless otherwise specified. Email Deals Our latest email deals. Newegg Mobile Shop Exclusive Deals on our Mobile App! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event 32 Black Friday Deals What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU Linksys WRT3200ACM ZTE Axon 7 Talon AD7200 More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1266 25 21 507 947 18 178 291 99 71 726 316 Editor Tested Avegant Glyph, A Personal Theater Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Up Your Game with QLIPP Trending Events November's Black Tag Specials Home Safety & Security Systems Radio Controlled Tech Deals Save on Select Dyson Products For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search iframe for layout Home >  Components >  Memory >  Desktop Memory >  Corsair >  Item#: N82E16820233894 Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery CORSAIR Vengeance LPX 32GB (2 x 16GB) 288-Pin DDR4 SDRAM DDR4 3200 (PC4 25600) Desktop Memory Model CMK32GX4M2B3200C16 Share Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller DDR4 3200 (PC4 25600) Timing 16-18-18-36 Cas Latency 16 Voltage 1.35V LOADING... CORSAIR Vengeance LPX 32GB (2 x 16GB) 288-Pin DDR4 SDRAM DDR4 3200 (PC4 25600) Desktop Memory Model CMK32GX4M2B3200C16 Ships from United States. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A CORSAIR Vengeance LPX DDR4 DRAM Desktop Memory Designed for High-Performance Overclocking on Intel X99 Motherboards Vengeance LPX memory is designed for high-performance overclocking. The heatspreader is made of pure aluminum for faster heat dissipation, and the eight-layer PCB helps manage heat and provides superior overclocking headroom. Each IC is individually screened for performance potential. The DDR4 form factor is optimized for the latest Intel X99 Series motherboards and offers higher frequencies, greater bandwidth, and lower power consumption than DDR3 modules. Vengeance LPX DDR4 modules are compatibility-tested across X99 Series motherboards for reliably fast performance. There's XMP 2.0 support for trouble-free automatic overclocking. And, they're available in multiple colors to match your motherboard, your components, or just your style. Compatibility Tested Across X99 Series Motherboards for Reliably Fast Performance Part of our exhaustive testing process includes performance and compatibility testing on most every X99 Series motherboard on the market – and a few that aren't. Designed for High-Performance Overclocking Each Vengeance LPX module is built from an eight-layer PCB and highly-screened memory ICs. The efficient heat spreader provides effective cooling to improve overclocking potential. Pure Aluminum Heat Spreader for Faster Heat Dissipation And Cooler Operation Overclocking overhead is limited by operating temperature. The unique design of the Vengeance LPX heat spreader optimally pulls heat away from the ICs and into your system's cooling path, so you can push it harder. The heat spreader doesn't just allow Vengeance LPX to run better… the aggressive yet refined form factor looks great in showcase systems. XMP 2.0 Support for Trouble-Free, Automatic Overclocking Manually pushing your DRAM frequency can be a fun experiment, but sometimes you just want to get maximum performance without the hassle. Intel X99-based motherboards support the new XMP 2.0 standard, and Vengeance LPX DRAM does, too. Turn it on, and it will automatically adjust to the fastest safe speed for your Vengeance LPX kit. You'll get amazing, reliable performance without lockups or other strange behavior. Low-Profile Design Fits in Smaller Spaces When the first Mini-ITX and Micro ATX motherboards for DDR4 are released, Vengeance LPX will be ready. The small form factor makes it ideal for smaller cases or any system where internal space is at a premium. Available in Multiple Colors to Match Your Motherboard or Your System The best high-performance systems look as good as they run. Vengeance LPX is available in several colors to match your motherboard, your other components, your case - or just your favorite color. Designed for Enthusiasts. Backed by Corsair. World-Famous Reliability and Performance There's a reason why world-champion overclockers, extreme gaming enthusiasts and high-end system builders all trust Corsair for high-performance memory that they can install with confidence and pride. Whether you're breaking your own records or you're simply building a dream gaming rig, you can count on Corsair memory. Lifetime Limited Warranty Your performance investment is protected. All of our memory products are backed by a limited lifetime warranty. The Corsair Advantage With a long history of building enthusiast-grade memory and components, we've earned a reputation for quality, compatibility, and performance. Need help? We're available by phone call, email or web forum. Learn more about the Corsair CMK32GX4M2B3200C16 Model| Brand CORSAIR Series Vengeance LPX Model CMK32GX4M2B3200C16 Details| Capacity 32GB (2 x 16GB) Type 288-Pin DDR4 SDRAM Speed DDR4 3200 (PC4 25600) Cas Latency 16 Timing 16-18-18-36 Voltage 1.35V ECC No Buffered/Registered Unbuffered Color Black Heat Spreader Anodized Aluminum Features Designed for high-performance overclocking Each Vengeance LPX module is built with a pure aluminum heatspreader for faster heat dissipation and cooler operation; and the eight-layer PCB helps manage heat and provides superior overclocking headroom. Each IC is individually screened for performance potential. Designed for great looks Available in multiple colors to match your motherboard, your components, or just your style. Performance and Compatibility Vengeance LPX is optimized and compatibility tested for the latest Intel X99 and 100 Series motherboards and offers higher frequencies, greater bandwidth, and lower power consumption. XMP 2.0 support for trouble-free automatic overclocking. Low-profile heatspreader design The Vengeance LPX module height is carefully designed to fit smaller spaces. Recommend Use High Performance or Gaming Memory Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): Lifetime Limited Warranty period (labor): Lifetime Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.corsair.com| Support Phone: 1-510-657-8747 Support Website| View other products from Corsair Return Policies We want to ensure your holiday shopping this year is hassle-free. That’s why we’re automatically extending our return policies on almost every product! For purchases placed between November 1, 2016 and December 24, 2016 you will have until January 31, 2017 to return your product. There's nothing additional that you have to do! Return for refund until: January 31, 2017 Return for replacement until: January 31, 2017 This item is covered by Newegg.com's Extended Holiday Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions.Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset compare Best Service Sellers Mega Retail Store Sold and Shipped by: Mega Retail Store Ask Mega Retail Store about: CORSAIR Vengeance LPX 32GB (2 x 16GB) 288-Pin DDR4 SDRAM DDR4 3200 (PC4 25600) Desktop Memory Model CMK32GX4M2B3200C16 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:5/5 (702) Ships from United States. NothingButSavings.com Sold and Shipped by: NothingButSavings.com Ask NothingButSavings.com about: CORSAIR Vengeance LPX 32GB (2 x 16GB) 288-Pin DDR4 SDRAM DDR4 3200 (PC4 25600) Desktop Memory Model CMK32GX4M2B3200C16 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:5/5 (681) Ships from United States. antonline.com Sold and Shipped by: antonline.com Ask antonline.com about: CORSAIR Vengeance LPX 32GB (2 x 16GB) 288-Pin DDR4 SDRAM DDR4 3200 (PC4 25600) Desktop Memory Model CMK32GX4M2B3200C16 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:5/5 (9,959) Ships from United States. My Goods Sold and Shipped by: My Goods Ask My Goods about: CORSAIR Vengeance LPX 32GB (2 x 16GB) 288-Pin DDR4 SDRAM DDR4 3200 (PC4 25600) Desktop Memory Model CMK32GX4M2B3200C16 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:5/5 (392) Ships from United States. Beach Audio Sold and Shipped by: Beach Audio Ask Beach Audio about: CORSAIR Vengeance LPX 32GB (2 x 16GB) 288-Pin DDR4 SDRAM DDR4 3200 (PC4 25600) Desktop Memory Model CMK32GX4M2B3200C16 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:5/5 (3,430) Ships from United States. Compare offers from more sellers as low as $184.99 plus shipping Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal. This item is eligible for Newegg Premier benefits. Are you a Newegg Premier Member? If not, sign up today and get: Free 3-day-or-less shipping on eligible items, discounts on 2- or 1-day delivery Free shipping on returns using labels available on our website No re-stocking fees Learn More | Sign-in Condition Guidelines The following guidelines apply to all product categories unless otherwise indicated within specific categories. New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty. Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions. Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category. Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description. Price Available at Checkout Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book Wish Lists Newegg Notifications Newegg Subscriptions Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Shop by Brand Trade-In Site Map Become an Affiliate Marketplace Sellers Shipped by Newegg Mobile Apps Sell to Newegg Product Review Video Center Rebates Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy  © 2000-2016 Newegg Inc.  All rights reserved. Close close window If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.
ReleaseWire Sign Up Login Services Distribution NewsWire MediaWire SBWire Engagement CRM Connect Publisher For Journalists Journalists Center Process Create Distribute Analyze Respond Newsroom Press Releases Multimedia Help About Svitla Systems Email Alerts| RSS Svitla Systems Attorney Speaks at GaymerX in Silicon Valley   San Francisco, CA -- (ReleaseWire) -- 10/10/2016 --Svitla Systems, Inc., a San Francisco-based provider of software developmental solutions, is pleased to announce that Christian Martinez, its General Counsel, was invited to participate on a panel alongside members of two elite global law firms about legal issues surrounding game development at the fourth annual GaymerX conference at the Santa Clara Convention Center & Hyatt in Santa Clara, California. The panelists discussed new legal issues surrounding the Internet of Things, PokémonGo, privacy law, right of publicity, Big Data, and how software companies can protect their intellectual property and mitigate risks. GaymerX states that it is intended to make "the gaming world safer and more inclusive to marginalized people, especially those in the gender and sexuality spectrum" and has become an international event with multiple venues and numerous sponsors such as Intel Corporation, Blizzard Entertainment, and Harmonix. Mr. Martinez, a graduate of U.C. Berkeley Law School and frequent speaker in Silicon Valley and San Francisco on technology law, joined Svitla Systems to support its ongoing global operations as it continues to grow, highlighted by its recent expansion to Guadalajara, Mexico. "I am very pleased to be a part of a company that provides its clients with great technology solutions while also supporting equal opportunity and diversity." Martinez added. "I am proud that Svitla Systems values a respectful and inclusive work environment." About Svitla Systems Founded in 2003, Svitla Systems is a leading software outsourcing company, headquartered in San Francisco, California, with sales and development offices throughout the US and Europe (Ukraine, Montenegro, and Germany), and now Mexico. Svitla has built its global operations on lasting partnerships with some of the world's renowned companies by providing the finest technical talent. Svitla Systems' customers include large corporations, leading young companies in Silicon Valley, and large educational institutions. Svitla Systems provides a wide range of services - from web and mobile development, design, systems support and testing to Big Data architecture designs and Internet of Things product deployments. For more information, please visit http://www.svitla.com. Media Relations Contact Nataliya Anon Email | Web | Profile Follow Svitla Systems   Svitla Systems - Logo   Source: Svitla Systems Posted Monday, October 10, 2016 at 12:30 PM CDT - Permalink   For information regarding the content of this press release please contact the media relations contact listed above directly. Security Policy | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Report Abuse Copyright © 2005 - 2016 - ReleaseWire LLC All Rights Reserved - Important Disclaimer Try it now with OnDemand
About Us | Newsletter Sign Up Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: Samsung's Naked Auto Desire: $8B Harman Buy NEWS & ANALYSIS: Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal NEWS & ANALYSIS: Xilinx to Dive in Hyperscale Race NEWS & ANALYSIS: 7nm SRAMs, 10nm SoC at ISSCC NEWS & ANALYSIS: 2016 ACE Awards Finalists Announced SPONSORED: Spend $3.14 at Arrow.com, get a FREE Raspberry Pi 3! News & Analysis IoT Consumer Groups Merge OCF, AllSeen blending app frameworks Rick Merritt 10/10/2016 12:55 PM EDT 2 comments NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet SAN JOSE, Calif. – Two groups with competing application frameworks for the consumer Internet of Things agreed to merge their approaches. The Open Connectivity Foundation (OCF) and the AllSeen Alliance will unite under the OCF name and bylaws. The news paves the way to a common open-source framework that should provide the most viable alternative to smart home environments from Apple and Google. The two groups were operating as separate open-source projects managed by the Linux Foundation. Both have established, separate reference designs—Iotivity for OCF and AllJoyn for AllSeen. Although the combined group did not set specific dates for its work, it did sketch out its plans. As a first step, it will describe bridged, bidirectional support between the AllJoyn 16.04 and Iotivity 1.1 implementations, something AllJoyn largely demonstrated with its Device System Bridge, a representative said in an email exchange. In addition, it will integrate features such as introspection and advanced security management along with native remote access interfaces into a combined Iotivity roadmap. The united OCF group will maintain both reference designs and merge the best elements of both into one under the name Iotivity. The group pledged current Iotivity and AllJoyn devices will run on the new framework. The merger is the biggest step to date among a fragmented set of IoT application environments that have moved to greater collaboration and consolidation over the past year. It comes at a time of fierce competition between Apple with its HomeKit application framework and Google with its emerging Weave protocol. With the merger the OCF expanded its board of directors to include executives from AB Electrolux, CableLabs, Canon, Inc., Cisco Systems, Inc., GE Digital, Haier, Intel, LG Electronics, Inc., Microsoft, Qualcomm, Samsung Electronics, and Technicolor SA. Qualcomm led the formation of what became the AllSeen Alliance. The group’s technology is currently used in millions of AllJoyn-certified devices. Intel led the formation of OCF which announced its first specifications late last year. At that time OCF said its approach uses RESTful APIs in contrast to the AllSeen approach that uses remote procedure calls. As recently as the Consumer Electronics Show in January, the two groups seem set on competitive paths. However, a representative said over email that the groups have been exploring a path to interoperability since early this year. “The AllSeen Alliance and Open Connectivity Foundation have been working together closely to deliver a technologically comprehensive solution that makes sense for the industry and our members,” said Danny Lousberg, chairperson of the AllSeen Alliance, speaking in a press statement “As we forge onwards towards this shared goal, we are focused on building the most robust, open IoT software solution to achieve our vision – complete interoperability within the IoT,” said Mike Richmond, executive director, Open Connectivity Foundation. — Rick Merritt, Silicon Valley Bureau Chief, EE Times Related posts: Home Networks Try To Be Civil Consumers Not Excited About Connected Appliances Apple Expands in AI, Smart Home Who Is Dumber, You or Your Home? Email This Print Comment More Related Links AT&T: SIMs are Key to IoT Future 2016 ACE Awards Finalists Announced Google's Mobile VR Still a Wild West Where Are We with Thread IoT? China Signs IoT Interop Plan Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] User Rank Author Re: IoT Consumer Groups Merge docdivakar   10/14/2016 7:18:08 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate This is a welcome trend. There are too many competing interests confusing the customers in the consumer electronics market. Consortiums AllSeen, AllJoyn, OCF and the alphabet soup of others are clouding what is an already challenging value proposition for Consumer IoT. It is about time something like this happened... otherwise they could be AllGone! MP Divakar Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Age-old wisdom y_sasaki   10/11/2016 2:34:09 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate "If you can't beat'em, just join'em". Yep, they call themselves "Alljoyn" :-) Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board Most Recent Comments                 11/16/2016 1:27:50 AM daveburstein Junko Dino Flore, quoted in the article, made claims that Qualcomm was honorable enough to disown in the note at the end. Saying that LTE is clearly better than DSRC based on... 11/16/2016 1:27:50 AM daveburstein Junko Dino Flore, quoted in the article, made claims that Qualcomm was honorable enough to disown in the note at the end. Saying that LTE is clearly better than DSRC based on... 11/16/2016 1:15:39 AM Dr. Slump I think the reason Qualcomm wants LTE-based rather than IEEE 802.11-based solution is the licensing $$$. As you may know the most important profit (not revenue) of Qualcomm is... 11/16/2016 12:56:16 AM mojo_jojo Isn't $8B for Harman a lesser valuation given their annual revenue of $6B ? I thought typical valuation for a company will be around 3X the annual revenue. 11/15/2016 10:58:05 PM resistion https://news.samsung.com/global/samsung-expands-its-advanced-foundry-offerings-with-14lpu-and-10lpu-processes "Due to limitations of current lithography technologies, 10LPU is... 11/15/2016 8:57:04 PM pscalare I don't seem to be able to find these chargers on MPJA website. Too bad. I would have snapped up a bunch of them. 11/15/2016 7:12:55 PM TonyTib My guess is that they're surplus, e.g. Columbia Sportwear's rechargeable socks didn't sell so well, so MPJA bought a bunch at a firesale price.  The original cost might be... 11/15/2016 7:08:31 PM Sang-Yun 5x is the price difference between 3D XPoint and NAND flash memory components. In case of SSD, other components, such as SSD controller and DRAM buffer, are needed. So, the price... 11/15/2016 7:05:32 PM Sang-Yun Tanj, check the following article for more infromation about 3D XPoint.  "3D XPoint Steps Into the Light" - http://www.eetimes.com/document.asp?doc_id=1328682. In addition,... 11/15/2016 6:44:29 PM TanjB This article makes a lot of claims about 3D Xpoint - materials, capital equipment, price levels at different densities - which seem both surprising and likely to be sensitive... Navigate to Related Links AT&T: SIMs are Key to IoT Future 2016 ACE Awards Finalists Announced Google's Mobile VR Still a Wild West Where Are We with Thread IoT? China Signs IoT Interop Plan Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest November 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest: Pulvis et umbra sumus "Your caption here!" 65 comments All Cartoons October 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest "Trick or Treat" A vacuum tube for you, an old transformer for you...ah, here's a real treat, a paper capacitor! 119 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  62   Why, Windows 10, Why?  53   TSMC, GF/Samsung Battle at 7nm  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  41   Accident on a Dark Freeway  37   What Is Best & Worst STEM-Related Music Ever?  37   Samsung to Ship 10nm SoCs in 2016  36   Did Processor Cause Samsung Note 7 Blowup?  29   Rad-Tolerant Lockstep Quad Core 8051 Uses ...  27   Who Wouldn't Want a Big Hex Computer?  27   Robo-Car's Safety Challenges DoT  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  27   Who Wouldn't Want a Big Hex Computer?  26   Another Tesla Crash, What It Teaches Us  14   Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal  12   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  9   3D XPoint  Reality, Opportunity, and ...  8   Coating Stops Exploding Batteries  4   Lowly Bus Gets Reinvented  4   Samsung's Naked Auto Desire: $8B Harman Buy  4   DSRCs Dead End, Says Qualcomm Exec Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Sign up for EE Times newsletter GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan ESC Brazil Communities EE Times | EDN | EBN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Design News | DesignCon | ESC Working With Us: About | Editorial Policies | Contact Us | Media Kits | Reprints Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2016 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
  Guru3D.com Forums > General Chat > Frontpage news GIGABYTE Updates the BRIX with Intel 7th Gen Processors User Name Remember Me? Password Frontpage news Perhaps you have some news to report or want to check out the latest Guru3D headlines and comment ? Check it in here.   Thread Tools Display Modes GIGABYTE Updates the BRIX with Intel 7th Gen Processors   (#1) Hilbert Hagedoorn Don Vito Corleone     Videocard: AMD | NVIDIA Processor: Core i7 5960K Mainboard: X99 Memory: 16GB Soundcard: X-Fi - GigaWorks 7.1 PSU: 1200 Watt GIGABYTE Updates the BRIX with Intel 7th Gen Processors - 10-10-2016, 09:14 | posts: 26,750 | Location: Guru3D testlab GigabyteÂ*launched newly revamped BRIX updated with the latest Intel 7th Generation Core Processor (Kaby lake). This compact PC will support the newest in multimedia standards as well as a 10% increas... GIGABYTE Updates the BRIX with Intel 7th Gen Processors     Hilbert Hagedoorn View Public Profile Find all posts by Hilbert Hagedoorn     (#2) TheSarge Master Guru     Videocard: NVIDIA GTX 680 Processor: Core i7 6700K Mainboard: ASUS Maximus VIII Hero Memory: DDR4 2x8 GB 3000 MHz Soundcard: Soundblaster Z + Klipsch PSU: BFG 800W 10-11-2016, 02:47 | posts: 765 | Location: The Frozen North. The HDMI, Mini-DP and RJ45 ports are upside down ::facepalm::     TheSarge View Public Profile Find all posts by TheSarge   (#3) MrAMD Newbie   Videocard: ASUS GTX 1080 Processor: FX-8350 @ 4.82 Mainboard: Asus Crosshair Formula Z Memory: 8GB Corsair 2400 Soundcard: Logitech Z-5200 PSU: Corsair 1000HX 10-11-2016, 03:43 | posts: 13 | Location: Fremont, Ca. Quote: Originally Posted by TheSarge The HDMI, Mini-DP and RJ45 ports are upside down ::facepalm:: I'm glad that I'm not the only one.     MrAMD View Public Profile Find all posts by MrAMD   (#4) HeavyHemi Ancient Guru     Videocard: 980Ti SC/TITAN SC PhysX Processor: i7 980x 4.3 Ghz 1.35 v Mainboard: EVGA X58 E758 Memory: 12Gb Corsair Dom 2000 Soundcard: Asus Xonar Phoebus PSU: CORSAIR AX1200 10-11-2016, 04:45 | posts: 4,780 | Location: Wooing whilst wearing only socks. Quote: Originally Posted by TheSarge The HDMI, Mini-DP and RJ45 ports are upside down ::facepalm:: Probably because of the layout of the motherboard that's why they are all, 'upside down. And really, it doesn't matter which way they are.     HeavyHemi View Public Profile Find all posts by HeavyHemi   « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     ATI Tray Tools         ATI Tray Tools Generic Discussion             ATI Tray Tools Public Beta Section     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2016, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: AllSeen alliance merges with Open Connectivity Foundation to accelerate the IoT 0 by Pradeep  @pradeepviswav Oct 10, 2016 at 15:10 GMT1 month ago Back in February, Microsoft announced that they are joining other industry leaders to create the Open Connectivity Foundation (OCF), a new standards body for IoT which is committed to furthering industry standards for the Internet of Things. Along with founding members Cisco, Electrolux, General Electric, Intel, Qualcomm, Samsung and others, Microsoft is claimed at that time that OCF is the world’s largest open IoT standard group. Today, Open Connectivity Foundation (OCF) and AllSeen Alliance announced that the two organizations are merging  under the OCF name and bylaws. The newly merged groups will collaborate on future OCF specifications, as well as the IoTivity and AllJoyn open source projects. OCF will now sponsor both the IoTivity and AllJoyn open source projects at The Linux Foundation. Both projects will collaborate to support future versions of the OCF specification in a single IoTivity implementation that combines the best of both technologies into a unified solution. Current devices running on either AllJoyn or IoTivity solutions will be interoperable and backward-compatible. Companies already developing IoT solutions based on either technology can proceed with the confidence that their products will be compatible with the unified IoT standard that the industry has been asking for. The merger is designed to leverage the strengths of each organization. To this merger, the AllSeen Alliance brings its diverse, global membership, proven AllJoyn technology, and millions of AllJoyn-enabled products into the market through the AllJoyn Certified program. OCF brings its deep membership roster, formal IoT standards with expertise across multiple vertical markets and cloud-native architecture as implemented within the IoTivity framework. Read more about it here. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Related AllSeen Alliance cisco Electrolux General Electric intel internet of things IoT microsoft OCF Open Connectivity Foundation qualcomm samsung Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending WhatsApp for Windows Phone updated with many new features by Surur 0 Trending Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac by Pradeep 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 21: All About Alcatel’s superphone by Andrew Bennett on November 11, 2016 During this week’s episode of the MSPoweruser Podcast, Vernon E. L. Smith and Andrew Bennett cover some of the week’s Microsoft news. This week’s topics include the Alcatel Idol 4S... Subscribe Now Windows 10 ‘Battlefield 1’ November update released for Xbox One and PC by Greg Jordan on November 16, 2016 DICE has just released the fall update for the Xbox One, PC, and PS4. The update is 1.6 GB PC and 1.9 GB on Xbox One. The update includes a number of gameplay changes based on community feed... Tablo over-the-air DVR app now available on Xbox One by Pradeep Tablo over-the-air DVR app is now available for Xbox One in the US and Canada. Download the app from Xbox Store to begin watching live and recorded Over-the-Air TV. Tablo is a network-based ... HP announces the world’s first mini workstation by Pradeep HP today announced the world’s first mini workstation targeting users in CAD and other compute-intensive industries.The new HP Z2 Mini is only 2.3” high is 90% smaller than a traditional... ‘Tom Clancy’s: The Division’ Survival DLC comes to Xbox One an... by Greg Jordan Xbox U.S. today announced that the long awaited “Survival” DLC update for ‘Tom Clancy’s: The Division’ will arrive to Xbox One and PC on November 22. This is f... Windows 10 will soon allow third-party alarm apps to break-through Quiet Hours by Sean Chan A very neat feature on Windows 10 is Quiet Hours, which allows users to stop notifications from apps during a certain period of the day/night. Quiet Hours can also be quite useful when you a... Deals Deals Microsoft Store to offer great deals on Surface, Windows 10 PCs and Xbox for this Black Friday Along with the great deals on Xbox One consoles and Xbox games, Microsoft today announced that they will be offering great deals from Microsoft Store for this Black Friday. Find the details ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3/128GB SSD and Alcantara Type Co... BestBuy retail stores are now offering a great deal on the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Xbox One clearance sale now available from Microsoft Store UK, save up to £200 Microsoft Store UK is going early with the Black Friday Deals. Today, Microsoft Store UK has started selling Xbox One bundles starting at just £199. For example, you can get the Xbox One ... HP’s Black Friday Sale deals revealed, includes several Windows laptops HP’s Black Friday Sale deals were revealed yesterday. It includes number of Windows laptops, desktops, PC accessories, monitors, etc,. For example, you can save up to $729 on HP Elit... Deal: Get $150 off Lenovo Yoga 910 2-in-1 PC from Microsoft At IFA 2016, Lenovo announced its Yoga 910, the successor to the popular Yoga 900 convertible laptop. Yoga 910 comes with a 13.9-inch 4K display, redesigned keyboard, a larger trackpad, a fi... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 128GB storage for $899 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $100 for the Core i5/128GB Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD and 4G... Deal: Microsoft offering Xbox One S Bundle and free game for $299 Despite Black Friday being right around the corner, Microsoft believes that you shouldn’t have to wait to enjoy the savings off of its newest console. That’s why from November 4 ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3 and 128GB storage for $749 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $150 for the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Deal: Get huge discounts on the original Surface Book Amazon US is now offering huge discounts on the original Surface Book device. The entry-level Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for just $1199.... Deal: Entry-level Surface Book now available for just £1,049 John Lewis is now offering the entry-level Microsoft Surface Book for just £1,049. Entry-level Surface Book comes with Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB RAM, 128GB storage and detachable 13.5”... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2016 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
null
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Tech Gadgets Wacom's latest tablet PC has a pen with 8,192 levels of sensitivity New, 14 comments by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Oct 10, 2016, 9:44am EDT share tweet Linkedin While Wacom is well-known among the creative community for its pen and tablet products, the company has actually been producing full-out tablet computers running Windows since 2013 when it launched its Cintiq Companion line. In that vein, the company announced its new MobileStudio Pro tablet, which follows in the steps of the Cintiq Companion. While the Cintiq Companion only came in a 13.3-inch configuration, the MobileStudio Pro offers both 13.3-inch and 15.6-inch options, and is both thinner and lighter than its predecessor. the Pro Pen 2 offers 8,192 levels of sensitivity But given that this is a Wacom tablet, the most important parts are the pen and the screen, and the MobileStudio Pro improves on both of those areas. The screen now comes in 4K on the larger MobileStudio Pro 16 and 2K on the smaller MobileStudio Pro 13. Wacom has also updated the pen with the Pro Pen 2, which offers 8,192 levels of sensitivity — four times that of the Cintiq Companion — and unlike Apple’s Pencil or Microsoft’s Surface Pen, it doesn’t have batteries that need to be charged or replaced. Despite the tablet form factor, Wacom offers some fairly powerful options when it comes to specs, starting at $1,499 for a sixth-generation Intel i5 Skylake processor, 4GB of RAM, and a 64GB SSD on the 13.3-inch model, all the way up to a $2,999 top-of-the-line 15.6-inch configuration with an Intel i7 processor, 512GB SSD, 16GB of RAM, and a NVIDIA Quadro M1000M with 4GB of VRAM. Additionally, the maximum spec models of both sizes of the MobileStudio Pro also add an Intel RealSense 3D camera for 3D image capturing. the MobileStudio Pro tablets can also function as a monitor and pen interface Lastly, while the MobileStudio Pro tablets are standalone Windows 10 computers, they can still be connected like any of Wacom’s other tablets to another computer, where they can serve as a secondary monitor and pen interface. Both the MobileStudio Pro 13 and MobileStudio Pro 16 are expected to ship sometime in November. Via: Mobilescout Source: Wacom Next Up In Circuit Breaker You'll have only minutes each day to order the NES Classic from Walmart this week Seagate’s new 5TB drive is the largest portable hard drive ever This dock adds ports to your new MacBook by making it a much thicker MacBook Google’s new Wifi mesh routers are now available for preorder Apple is reportedly releasing two versions of its 5.5-inch iPhone next year Netgear's battery-powered security camera now has LTE Now Trending Google PhotoScan turns your prints into high-quality digital images The OnePlus 3T is a souped-up version of the OnePlus 3 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future This Article has a component height of 13. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Apple Tech Apple Music will stream 808 drum machine documentary first by Rich McCormick Apple has negotiated a deal with the creators of 808 — a documentary about the seminal Roland TR-808 drum machine — for exclusive streaming rights through Apple Music. The documentary will appear on Apple’s music service first, on December 9th,... Tech Facebook Now you can use Facebook Messenger in Android Auto by Rich McCormick Facebook Messenger can now integrate with Android Auto, the social network announced today, allowing users of the infotainment platform to hear and reply to messages from friends while driving their cars. In order to use the new feature, you’ll... New, 3 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment You'll have only minutes each day to order the NES Classic from Walmart this week by Nick Statt@nickstatt It may be nigh impossible to purchase Nintendo’s NES Classic Edition console right this very second, with stock shortages and sell outs at Amazon, Best Buy, GameStop and many other retailers. But have hope. Once a day, for a few minutes before... New, 7 comments TL;DR Apple Web Apple’s peach emoji is back to looking like a butt by Megan Farokhmanesh@Megan_Nicolett The nerfed peach butt emoji included as part of Apple’s iOS 10.2 update is gone. As spotted today by The Next Web, the third 10.2 developer beta returns the fruit to its curvaceous glory. The peach emoji is, of course, a go-to for anyone who... Google Tech Google CEO says fake news is a problem and should not be distributed by Colin Lecher In an interview with the BBC, Google CEO Sundar Pichai made his first comments on the post-election fake news controversy, and admitted the company has made some mistakes. “We will definitely work to fix it.” "It is important to remember that we... Apps Mobile Business Snapchat just filed for its IPO by Nick Statt@nickstatt Snap Inc., the parent company of Snapchat, has filed confidentially for its initial public offering, according to a report from Bloomberg. The company is seeking to raise as much as $4 billion, which would give it a valuation of between $25... New, 13 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share

Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Digital Transformation at the Forefront of JDA FocusConnect - Event Showcases Profitable Strategies to Deliver on Customer Promises Every Time 10.10.2016 | 15:01 (6 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Digital Transformation at the Forefront of JDA FocusConnect - Event Showcases Profitable Strategies to Deliver on Customer Promises Every Time Attendees at JDA's annual EMEA conference will benefit from success stories of leaders such as ALDI, ConAgra Foods, DHL, Energizer, E J Gallo Winery, Nestle Purina, PepsiCo, Virgin Media and others JDA Software Group, Inc. has announced its keynote speakers and customer presenters for JDA FocusConnect 2016, scheduled for November 7-9 at the new London Intercontinental Hotel at The O2 Arena in London, England. More than 500 supply chain professionals from across the retail, manufacturing, wholesale distribution and logistics industries will gather at this regional user summit for Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA). Over the course of three days, representatives from more than 40 JDA customers will detail their supply chain transformation journeys. Session speakers include industry analysts and other supply chain thought leaders discussing the issues raised by today's digital transformation. Intel and Starware are platinum sponsors of the conference. Agora Europe, Centiro, Cognizant and REPL Group are gold sponsors. The theme of FocusConnect 2016 "Plan, Profit and Deliver" highlights the challenges companies face as they seek to balance the digital transformation with increased profitability. "In today's digital, connected world, it's tempting to try to differentiate your business and win the sale based on offering incredible customer service at all costs," said Franck Lheureux, regional vice president, EMEA, JDA. "Today, the most successful companies are planning for profitability from the earliest stages, and transforming their supply chains to be more agile and nimble in delivering goods to customers. They don't make customer promises they can't keep; instead, they take a modern, data-driven, approach that leverages increased visibility across the entire supply chain and balances customer satisfaction versus margins on an ongoing basis." Attendees will benefit from the success stories of supply chain leaders, including ALDI, ConAgra Foods, DHL, Energizer, E J Gallo Winery, Nestle Purina, Philips, PepsiCo, Virgin Media, Wacom and Waitrose. In addition, FocusConnect 2016 will feature the following keynote speakers: Andy Clarke, Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Asda Stores Ltd: Andy Clarke is the former President and Chief Executive Officer of Asda Stores Ltd, the U.K.'s second-largest supermarket retailer. In his role, Clarke was committed to Asda's promise to save customers money so they can live better. Clarke's career with Asda spanned almost 20 years, having originally joined the company from Morrisons in 1992 as Manager of the Edinburgh store before rising to the position of Retail Director. In 2000, he became Chief Operating Officer for Matalan, a position he held for two years before being appointed as Managing Director of Iceland. In 2005, Clarke re-joined Asda as Retail and Operations Director, becoming Chief Operating Officer two years later and CEO in May 2010. Rob Bingley, Vice President, Supply Chain Logistics, Global Tools Storage division, Stanley Black Decker. Rob Bingley is the VP Supply Chain Logistics for the Global Tools Storage division of Stanley Black Decker, covering EANZ and the Emerging Markets Group of Middle East, Africa, Russia, CIS and India, based in Diegem, Belgium. Bingley is a career supply chain professional, who, prior to SWK, worked in logistics supply chain at BOC Medical (Ohmeda) before joining the now divested Stanley Doors Operations in Drakehouse, Sheffield. Gerd Leonhard, Futurist, Humanist, Author, Keynote Speaker and CEO, The Futures Agency.In his new book, Technology vs Humanity, Leonhard explores the myriad of ethical and social questions which urgently require answering before we blindly forego our very humanity. For organizations in the grip of disruption, self-driven or otherwise, Leonhard supplies visionary insights and concentrated wisdom that inform key decisions makers today. He was listed as one of the top 100 influencers in technology by Wired magazine in 2015. Leonhard's clients include over 200 companies and organizations in more than 50 countries, including Google, UBS, Roche, WWF, Cisco, KPMG, Unilever, U.S. Social Security Agency, the BBC, Universal Studios and the EU Commission. Bal Dail, Chairman of the Board and CEO, JDA. Prior to leading JDA, Dail was an operating partner at New Mountain Capital, a private equity firm based in New York. From 2005 to 2012, he served in a number of executive roles at Aon Corporation including CEO of Aon Hewitt and of Aon Consulting, COO of Aon Benfield and CIO of Aon Corporation. Prior to Aon, Dail was a principal at McKinsey Company focused on the high-tech sector. Dail started his career in the technology group at Marks Spencer, a leading retailer in the United Kingdom, and he has also held leadership positions at JP Morgan, Starwood Hotels Resorts, and Ford Motor Company. Razat Gaurav, Executive Vice President and General Manager, Chief Revenue Officer, JDA Software.Gauravis responsible for leading JDA Industry Solutions, Product Management and Global Sales. Gaurav has been with JDA since 1999, most recently as EVP and General Manager of JDA's Global Industries and Solutions, where he led teams responsible for developing industry solution vision and product portfolio strategies, support and cloud operations. Previously he served as Senior Vice President, International and Strategic Initiatives, where he was responsible for driving sales in JDA's EMEA, APAC and Latin America regions. He also managed JDA's strategic initiatives around Flowcasting and the 3PL business. Gaurav has held a variety of global leadership positions during his tenure at JDA, i2 Technologies, and Ernst Young. With more than 60 sessions in eight content tracks, FocusConnect 2016 offers topics that are relevant to every supply chain professional. In addition, networking events and JDA Special Interest Group sessions will provide ample opportunities for knowledge sharing and peer networking. Learn more about JDA FocusConnect 2016 and register to attend the conference. Tweet this: Digital Transformation Shines at FocusConnect: Learn to Deliver on Customer Promises Every Time JDAFC16:http://bit.ly/2dzOfgR About JDA Software Group, Inc. JDA Software is the leading provider of seamless supply chain planning and execution solutions for retailers, manufacturers, logistics providers and wholesale distributors. Our unmatched solution portfolio enables our clients to reduce costs, increase profitability and improve visibility so they can deliver on customer promises every time. More than 4,000 global customers run JDA, including 78 of the top 100 retailers, 78 of the top 100 consumer goods companies, and 8 of the top 10 3PLs. With JDA, you can plan to deliver. www.jda.com RSS Feeds: JDA press releases: https://jda.com/rss?feed=press JDA news: https://jda.com/rss?feed=news JDA events: https://jda.com/rss?feed=events Social Networks: Web: https://jda.com Blog: http://blog.jda.com Twitter: https://twitter.com/JDASoftware Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/JDASoftwareGroup LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/jda-software YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/user/JDASoftware "JDA" is a trademark or registered trademark of JDA Software Group, Inc. Any trade, product or service name referenced in this document using the name "JDA" is a trademark and/or property of JDA Software Group, Inc. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161010005110/en/ Contacts: JDA Software Group, Inc. Jolene Peixoto, +1 978-475-0524 Director, Corporate Communications jolene.peixoto@jda.com © 2016 Business Wire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»AllSeen Alliance Merges With Open Connectivity Foundation to Accelerate the Internet of Things 10.10.2016 | 14:01 (8 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire AllSeen Alliance Merges With Open Connectivity Foundation to Accelerate the Internet of Things Unification Will Combine the Best of Both Organizations under Open Connectivity Foundation Name and Bylaws The Open Connectivity Foundation (OCF), sponsor of the IoTivity open source project, and AllSeen Alliance, which provides the AllJoyn® open source IoT framework, today announced that the two organizations' boards have approved a merger under the OCF name and bylaws. This merger will advance interoperability between connected devices from both groups, enabling the full operating potential of IoT and representing a significant step towards a connected ecosystem. The newly merged groups will collaborate on future OCF specifications, as well as the IoTivity and AllJoyn open source projects. The expanded OCF board of directors will consist of executives from a wide array of leading companies: AB Electrolux, Arçelik A.S., ARRIS International plc, CableLabs, Canon, Inc., Cisco Systems, Inc., GE Digital, Haier, Intel, LG Electronics, Inc., Microsoft, Qualcomm, Samsung Electronics, and Technicolor SA. OCF will now sponsor both the IoTivity and AllJoyn open source projects at The Linux Foundation. Both projects will collaborate to support future versions of the OCF specification in a single IoTivity implementation that combines the best of both technologies into a unified solution. Current devices running on either AllJoyn or IoTivity solutions will be interoperable and backward-compatible. Companies already developing IoT solutions based on either technology can proceed with the confidence that their products will be compatible with the unified IoT standard that the industry has been asking for. "By coming together as one group, we are able to make IoT a more seamless, secure experience for everyone involved, from developers to end users," said Danny Lousberg, Chairperson of the AllSeen Alliance. "The AllSeen Alliance and Open Connectivity Foundation have been working together closely to deliver a technologically comprehensive solution that makes sense for the industry and our members. The merger is designed to leverage the strengths of each organization. To this merger, the AllSeen Alliance brings its diverse, global membership, proven AllJoyn technology, and millions of AllJoyn-enabled products into the market through the AllJoyn Certified program. OCF brings its deep membership roster, formal IoT standards with expertise across multiple vertical markets and cloud-native architecture as implemented within the IoTivity framework. Together, these strengths create an organization that establishes the broad interoperability needed to realize the full market potential for IoT. "We're incredibly excited about this unification as both groups have been working diligently to make this possible," said Mike Richmond, executive director, Open Connectivity Foundation. "As we forge onwards towards this shared goal, we are focused on building the most robust, open IoT software solution to achieve our vision complete interoperability within the IoT." For more information about membership, please visit: https://openconnectivity.org/join. About Open Connectivity Foundation Billions of connected devices (devices, phones, computers and sensors) should be able to communicate with one another regardless of manufacturer, operating system, chipset or physical transport. The Open Connectivity Foundation (OCF) is creating a specification and sponsoring an open source project to make this possible. OCF will unlock the massive opportunity in the IoT market, accelerate industry innovation and help developers and companies create solutions that map to a single open specification. OCF will help ensure secure interoperability for consumers, business, and industry. The AllSeen Alliance now operates under the Open Connectivity Foundation. For more information, please visit www.openconnectivity.org. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161010005292/en/ Contacts: Blanc Otus for OCF Danielle Tarp, 415-856-5182 OCFPR@blancandotus.com © 2016 Business Wire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage


null

null
MENU Press Offices BCX ContinuitySA Eset Hitachi Data Systems Huawei MTN OutSystems Resolve SAP Tecno Tom Tom USAASA UNICAF Veeam Magazine Gallery Advertise Newsletter Submit News Contact MENU Home Africa’s Technology News Leader Top Stories The most important technology stories News Technology news categorized General General tech news Mobile and Telecoms Telecommunications Enterprise Cloud in Africa. Backup and Storage Backup and Storage news Big Data Big Data news Cloud Computing Cloud Computing news Internet of Things Enterprise Architecture news Hardware Hardware Software Software news IT Security The latest IT Security news Satellite Communications News about Satellite Communication Gadgets & Gaming Consumer Tech Startups Online & Social Internet, digital and social media news Events News Must attend Tech events Opinion According to the experts Features Taking an in-depth look PR Newswire Video Video interviews and features Industries Technology news by industry Education Mining and Energy Finance Healthcare Retail Regions IT news around Africa West Africa East Africa Southern Africa North Africa Companies Company news and Press Releases Company News Huawei HP Software Events Conferences and Seminars Seminar: Principles of IT Leadership, 23 – 24 Nov 2016 Seminar: Selling to the CIO, 15 & 16 Feb 2017 Advertise Connect with our audience Alienware introduces first ever VR-ready notebooks October 10, 2016 • Gadgets and Gaming, Top Stories Facebook0 Twitter0 LinkedIn0 Google+0 Pinterest0 The new Alienware notebooks are made for virtual reality enthusiasts and demanding gamers, adding even more VR-ready options to Dell’s industry-leading offerings for both Oculus and HTC Vive headsets. Alienware introduces its first ever VR-ready notebooks. The new line of notebooks boasts the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 10-Series family of GPUs; desktop-class graphics performance comes to notebooks for enhanced capabilities and realistic gameplay. Alienware’s latest engineering advancements include the integration of new construction materials to improve thermal management for these new powerful components, as well as add durability and rigidity to the celebrated Alienware design aesthetic. “Gaming is in a time of renaissance right now; awesome games and development, amazing resolutions and technology, plus the pure excitement around VR experiences – it’s an incredible driving force and it feels similar to the energy that started Alienware 20 years ago,” said Frank Azor, general manager of Alienware and XPS at Dell. “These new notebooks are a product of that history and approach, but also of the demands and expectations of gamers today. Being true to both is what Alienware is about and we’re proud to bring these notebooks to gamers.” Engineered for Gamers Innovative engineering that focuses on gamers first is a hallmark of Alienware’s two-decade success in the industry. The demands for higher resolutions, more realistic gameplay and virtual reality usher in the need for more performance, and for Alienware, better design. The inventive integration of new materials such as anodised aluminium, magnesium alloy, steel reinforcement and copper add form and function to this new design. Adding copper to the unique thermal solution improves cooling capabilities across both CPU and GPU; combined with the new hinge-forward design, notebook ventilation can increase performance as most thermal dissipation flows up and out the rear. The all-new Alienware TactX keyboard introduces an optimised RGB LED for better key lighting, plus a full 2.2mm of gaming-grade travel that feels incredible, and is steel-reinforced for durability. Aluminium and magnesium alloy improve design quality and rigidity, while anti-smudge finishes add great utility to the aggressive new look of these notebooks. To improve audio output, a new speaker design includes internal smart-amps that monitor audio waveforms, enabling the use of the entire thermal margin of the speaker for stronger sound. This ground-up approach to design has helped address the stunning performance of cutting edge components and has even enabled these new notebooks to be thinner than their predecessors. Alienware 17 The new Alienware 17 is the ultimate gaming notebook with an emphasis on screen size, gaming performance and overall immersion. This flagship notebook gains more power with overclocked Intel Core i7 k-series processors and DDR4 memory running up to 2667MHz. Newly added support for optional IR Tobii eye-tracking technology adds great accessibility features based on where you’re looking. It allows gamers to fine tune their skills with a new Overwolf app that can replay your gaze pattern so gamers can track where they were looking during gameplay; gamers can then learn from their mistakes and be sure to focus their attention on the best opportunities to crush the competition. Tobii partnered with Alienware to add exclusive features including enhanced presence detection tied to our iconic AlienFX lighting zones; the full LED system illuminates and changes based on where you look. Only on Alienware will your Tobii camera detect your gaze, allow you to record and export your gaze pattern as a coaching tool to help improve your gameplay. It can also sense your presence and attention to understand when you engage with various elements of the device or lock your system when you walk away; these unique features help optimise power, performance and can improve security. Alienware 15 Balancing superior gaming performance with portability, the new mid-size Alienware 15 is for gamers that want the best of both. With more power in a thinner frame, it comes with great graphics options from AMD and NVIDIA, including the stunning, VR-ready NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060. Coming standard with a 15.6” FHD, IPS Anti-Glare, 300-nits display, additional options include FHD 120Hz display with NVIDIA G-Sync for incredibly smooth, synchronised frame rates and UHD IGZO for 4k resolutions. Built so gamers can be on the go, its exceptional battery life keeps it going with a 68 watt-hour lithium ion battery and an optional 99 watt-hour battery to enable extended gameplay when away from a plug.2 Alienware 13 The new Alienware 13 may be the brand’s smallest notebook, but with some big improvements. Configurable with NVIDIA GeForce GTX 10-Series graphics, this aggressive design will offer one of the most compact VR-ready devices ever. Whether gaming at high resolutions or in your own virtual world, trillions of LED lighting combinations through eight unique programmable lighting zones with up to 20 distinct colours deliver truly dazzling gameplay. Additional Gaming Options The Alienware Graphics Amplifier is designed to propel your mobile gameplay to warp speed as a plug-in companion to Alienware notebooks; small enough to slide into a standard carry case, yet powerful enough to transform mobile gaming, the Graphics Amp can be your quickest ticket to 4k gaming and beyond. Great for adding to your Graphics Amp or any Alienware device, Dell offers some of the best monitors in the world. The new Dell 24 Gaming Monitor (S2417DG) delivers sharp and clear QHD graphics and matches gamers’ speed of reaction with virtually no input lag at a 1 ms panel response time for the ultimate competitive edge. The Dell UltraSharp 34 Curved Monitor (U3417W) takes the benefits of curved, ultra-wide screens even further with a more immersive viewing experience; it is perfect for going deeper into gaming action with extended peripheral vision and 18W speakers for a cinematic experience. In addition, coming from Dell for gamers is the next generation Inspiron 15 notebook. This new and aggressively designed notebook offers gamers another option in equipping themselves for the game. With several gaming-focused features including higher screen resolution, discrete graphics, audio performance and memory capacity, gamers looking for a notebook solution have more options than ever from Dell. Availability The new Alienware 13, 15 and 17 systems will be configurable to your needs and available to order locally in February 2017 priced from R29,000. These new and updated solutions can all be found on the Alienware or Dell websites. Staff Writer AlienwareAlienware 13Alienware 15Alienware 17dellNVIDIA GeForce GTX Comments are closed. « Nigeria: Etisalat launches mobile 4G LTE Walletdoc, Absa implement new payment solution » Search Tags Africa Airtel apple BlackBerry Broadband cloud computing Egypt facebook Gadgets and Gaming Ghana Google Huawei ict ict news internet IT News IT News Africa IT Security kenya Microsoft Mobile Mobile and Telecoms MTN news Nigeria Nokia Opinion Safaricom samsung SAP Security Software South Africa tech news technology technology news Telecom telecom news telecoms Telkom Uganda vodacom west africa Zain zimbabwe News Alerts Sign up for our FREE News Alerts       Like us In the news Forex Rates Latest Headlines Appsafrica Innovation Award winners announced November 16, 2016 Bloomberg launches Africa edition of Bloomberg.com November 16, 2016 Huawei reveals focus areas for Africa’s ICT development November 16, 2016 How SA’s online retailers can cash in on Black Friday fever November 16, 2016 Zimbabwe: GetSure moves to a cloud platform with SilverBridge November 16, 2016 Facebook introduces Analytics for Apps November 16, 2016   UPCOMING EVENTS   Principles of IT Leadership | 23 & 24 November 2016, Jhb     Selling to the CIO | 15 & 16 February 2017, Jhb Company Press Offices Press Offices Alcatel Lucent Condyn ContinuitySA Eset Fujitsu Huawei Interactive Intelligence MCI MTN OutSystems Resolve SAP Tom TomUSAASA Veeam MOST POPULAR TWITTER Twitter Tweets by @ITNewsAfrica Photos on flickr SAP Africa announces new appointments November 10, 2016 Microsoft appoints new GM for WECA region November 9, 2016 Future-proof your business – or risk becoming irrelevant November 8, 2016 Bytes Managed Solutions appoints new Operations Executive October 28, 2016 Yahsat appoints Farhad Khan as new CCO October 26, 2016 Ugandan appointed DG of International Telecommunications Satellite Organization October 18, 2016 GetBucks snaps up former Barclays digital chief September 21, 2016 Deloitte Digital appoints new Digital Transformation Practice Leader September 19, 2016 GBI appoints two Vice Presidents – Sales August 30, 2016 Nikki Popoola joins WIOCC as Sales Director August 30, 2016 Newsletter Would you like to receive the latest African technology news and analysis delivered to your e-mail inbox every morning? Then simply subscribe to our free daily e-mail newsletter.   SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER   Useful Links > Send us news > Advertise on ITNewsAfrica.com > Advertise in African Innovator Magazine > Enquire about a Company Press Office > Careers Follow Conferences > Innovation Dinner Series > ICT Business Breakfast Series > Tech Demo Africa All conference enquiries: events[at]itnewsafrica.com African Innovator Magazine > Subscription > Where to buy © 2016 | IT News Africa – Africa's Technology News Leader
Chennai Classic .Com       No Fees... No Login... Just Post Ads!!!           Chennai Others | Providing all Others in Chennai (Madras) India Home  •  Post Classifieds India / Chennai / Services / Others ﻿ Warning: Avoid Scams and Fraud. Unless you are sure about the other party do not get involved in financial transactions Report Abuse | Email this Ad    Share Dell Precision T7810 Rental BangalorePeak performance enabled Reply to: (Use contact form below) (Please mention ChennaiClassic.com when contacting) Dell Precision Tower T7810 Workstation Rental Bangalore Peak performance enabled. Power through complex, demanding applications more quickly with a new generation of dual-socket performance with the Intel® Xeon® Processor E5-2600 v4 processor series featuring up to 22 cores per processor. Processor: Intel Xeon® Processor E5-2603 v4 Memory:64GB (4x16GB) 2400MHz DDR4 RDIMM ECC Graphics: NVidia Quadro FX 4000 Hard Drive - NVIDIA® Quadro® K2200 4GB Contact us:GlobalnettechMobile no: 9036010005, Office no: 080-65707504, Email address: enquiry@globalnetech.in , http://globalnetech.in/ Contact this User:    Your email: * Message: * Attachment: The following file types are not allowed: exe, com, bat, vbs, js, jar, scr, pif Maximum file size: 200KB Security Code: * Enter the code shown above into this textbox   Send Now Posted on: Monday, 10 October, 2016  08:05 Expires On: Tuesday, 18 April, 2017  02:35 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact us| Post Free Ad| Chennai Classifieds| Jobs in India| Copyright © 2006 - 2016 ChennaiClassic.com Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Free Classifieds Ads Portal. All Rights Reserved Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.chennaiclassic.com Your most reliable resource for Jobs, Cars, plots, ads, Houses, Flats, Builders, Chennai Real Estate, Services ... Chennai Classic - Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Classified Ads Portal for Chennai Others Services
Chennai Classic .Com       No Fees... No Login... Just Post Ads!!!           Chennai Others | Providing all Others in Chennai (Madras) India Home  •  Post Classifieds India / Chennai / Services / Others ﻿ Warning: Avoid Scams and Fraud. Unless you are sure about the other party do not get involved in financial transactions Report Abuse | Email this Ad    Share Dell Precision T7810 Rental Noida with latest dual Xeon processors Reply to: (Use contact form below) (Please mention ChennaiClassic.com when contacting) Dell Precision T7810Workstation Rental Noida with latest dual Xeon processors. Dual-socket tower Workstation perfect for powering through graphics or CPU intensive application workloads. Featuring the latest dual Intel® Xeon® processors. Processor: Intel Xeon® Processor E5-2603 v4 Memory: 64GB (4x16GB) 2400MHz DDR4 RDIMM ECC Graphics: NVidia Quadro FX 4000 Hard Drive - NVIDIA® Quadro® K2200 4GB Contact us:GlobalnettechMobile no: 9036010005, Office no: 080-65707504, Email address: enquiry@globalnetech.in , http://globalnetech.in/ Contact this User:    Your email: * Message: * Attachment: The following file types are not allowed: exe, com, bat, vbs, js, jar, scr, pif Maximum file size: 200KB Security Code: * Enter the code shown above into this textbox   Send Now Posted on: Monday, 10 October, 2016  08:09 Expires On: Tuesday, 18 April, 2017  02:39 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact us| Post Free Ad| Chennai Classifieds| Jobs in India| Copyright © 2006 - 2016 ChennaiClassic.com Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Free Classifieds Ads Portal. All Rights Reserved Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.chennaiclassic.com Your most reliable resource for Jobs, Cars, plots, ads, Houses, Flats, Builders, Chennai Real Estate, Services ... Chennai Classic - Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Classified Ads Portal for Chennai Others Services
Chennai Classic .Com       No Fees... No Login... Just Post Ads!!!           Chennai Others | Providing all Others in Chennai (Madras) India Home  •  Post Classifieds India / Chennai / Services / Others ﻿ Warning: Avoid Scams and Fraud. Unless you are sure about the other party do not get involved in financial transactions Report Abuse | Email this Ad    Share Advanced Workstation Dell Precision T7600 rental Pune Reply to: (Use contact form below) (Please mention ChennaiClassic.com when contacting) Advanced Workstation Dell Precision T7600 rental Pune. The chips are the most powerful on the market and just what you’d expect for the price, delivering untouchable performance in all our rendering/processing tests. Processor: E52630 Xeon Quad Core, Chipset:Intel® C600 series, Memory: 48 GB, Hard Disk: 2 TB HDD, Graphics:Nvidia Quadro 4000, Network: Intel 82754 Gigabit Ethernet controllers, Sound Card: Integrated Realtek ALC269Q High Definition Audio. Contact us:Globalnet technologies Mobile no: +91 90360 10005, Office no: 080-65707504, Email address: enquiry@globalnetech.in , http://globalnetech.in/ Contact this User:    Your email: * Message: * Attachment: The following file types are not allowed: exe, com, bat, vbs, js, jar, scr, pif Maximum file size: 200KB Security Code: * Enter the code shown above into this textbox   Send Now Posted on: Monday, 10 October, 2016  05:18 Expires On: Monday, 17 April, 2017  23:48 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact us| Post Free Ad| Chennai Classifieds| Jobs in India| Copyright © 2006 - 2016 ChennaiClassic.com Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Free Classifieds Ads Portal. All Rights Reserved Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.chennaiclassic.com Your most reliable resource for Jobs, Cars, plots, ads, Houses, Flats, Builders, Chennai Real Estate, Services ... Chennai Classic - Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Classified Ads Portal for Chennai Others Services
Chennai Classic .Com       No Fees... No Login... Just Post Ads!!!           Chennai Others | Providing all Others in Chennai (Madras) India Home  •  Post Classifieds India / Chennai / Services / Others ﻿ Warning: Avoid Scams and Fraud. Unless you are sure about the other party do not get involved in financial transactions Report Abuse | Email this Ad    Share Best-designed Dell Precision T7600 Workstation rental Chennai Reply to: (Use contact form below) (Please mention ChennaiClassic.com when contacting) Best-designed Dell Precision T7600 Workstation rental Chennai.The Dell Precision T7600 features a totally redesigned chassis, enabling you to perform service and modifications with greater ease than ever before. Processor: E52630 Xeon Quad Core, Chipset:Intel® C600 series, Memory: 48 GB, Hard Disk: 2 TB HDD, Graphics:Nvidia Quadro 4000, Network: Intel 82754 Gigabit Ethernet controllers, Sound Card: Integrated Realtek ALC269Q High Definition Audio. Contact us:Globalnet technologies Mobile no: +91 90360 10005, Office no: 080-65707504, Email address: enquiry@globalnetech.in , http://globalnetech.in/ Contact this User:    Your email: * Message: * Attachment: The following file types are not allowed: exe, com, bat, vbs, js, jar, scr, pif Maximum file size: 200KB Security Code: * Enter the code shown above into this textbox   Send Now Posted on: Monday, 10 October, 2016  05:17 Expires On: Monday, 17 April, 2017  23:47 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact us| Post Free Ad| Chennai Classifieds| Jobs in India| Copyright © 2006 - 2016 ChennaiClassic.com Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Free Classifieds Ads Portal. All Rights Reserved Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.chennaiclassic.com Your most reliable resource for Jobs, Cars, plots, ads, Houses, Flats, Builders, Chennai Real Estate, Services ... Chennai Classic - Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Classified Ads Portal for Chennai Others Services
Chennai Classic .Com       No Fees... No Login... Just Post Ads!!!           Chennai Others | Providing all Others in Chennai (Madras) India Home  •  Post Classifieds India / Chennai / Services / Others ﻿ Warning: Avoid Scams and Fraud. Unless you are sure about the other party do not get involved in financial transactions Report Abuse | Email this Ad    Share Best high-end workstation Dell Precision T7600 rental Bangalore Reply to: (Use contact form below) (Please mention ChennaiClassic.com when contacting) Best high-end workstation Dell Precision T7600 rental Bangalore.Your Dell Precision T7600 Workstation is just the start. When you buy from Dell, you can get much more than just a workstation. You can customize an experience that’s just right for you. Processor: E52630 Xeon Quad Core, Chipset:Intel® C600 series, Memory: 48 GB, Hard Disk: 2 TB HDD, Graphics:Nvidia Quadro 4000, Network: Intel 82754 Gigabit Ethernet controllers, Sound Card: Integrated Realtek ALC269Q High Definition Audio. Contact us:Globalnet technologies Mobile no: +91 90360 10005, Office no: 080-65707504, Email address: enquiry@globalnetech.in , http://globalnetech.in/ Contact this User:    Your email: * Message: * Attachment: The following file types are not allowed: exe, com, bat, vbs, js, jar, scr, pif Maximum file size: 200KB Security Code: * Enter the code shown above into this textbox   Send Now Posted on: Monday, 10 October, 2016  05:16 Expires On: Monday, 17 April, 2017  23:46 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact us| Post Free Ad| Chennai Classifieds| Jobs in India| Copyright © 2006 - 2016 ChennaiClassic.com Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Free Classifieds Ads Portal. All Rights Reserved Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.chennaiclassic.com Your most reliable resource for Jobs, Cars, plots, ads, Houses, Flats, Builders, Chennai Real Estate, Services ... Chennai Classic - Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Classified Ads Portal for Chennai Others Services
Chennai Classic .Com       No Fees... No Login... Just Post Ads!!!           Chennai Others | Providing all Others in Chennai (Madras) India Home  •  Post Classifieds India / Chennai / Services / Others ﻿ Warning: Avoid Scams and Fraud. Unless you are sure about the other party do not get involved in financial transactions Report Abuse | Email this Ad    Share Dell Precision T7600 Workstation rental Hyderabad with Data Reply to: (Use contact form below) (Please mention ChennaiClassic.com when contacting) Dell Precision T7600 Workstation rental Hyderabad with Data. The T7600 is probably the best-designed workstation Dell has ever produced. Looks-wise, its exterior says ‘power’ in understated way – though to the touch it’s a bit plastic. Processor: E52630 Xeon Quad Core, Chipset:Intel® C600 series, Memory: 48 GB, Hard Disk: 2 TB HDD, Graphics:Nvidia Quadro 4000, Network: Intel 82754 Gigabit Ethernet controllers, Sound Card: Integrated Realtek ALC269Q High Definition Audio. Contact us:Globalnet technologies Mobile no: +91 90360 10005, Office no: 080-65707504, Email address: enquiry@globalnetech.in , http://globalnetech.in/ Contact this User:    Your email: * Message: * Attachment: The following file types are not allowed: exe, com, bat, vbs, js, jar, scr, pif Maximum file size: 200KB Security Code: * Enter the code shown above into this textbox   Send Now Posted on: Monday, 10 October, 2016  05:17 Expires On: Monday, 17 April, 2017  23:47 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact us| Post Free Ad| Chennai Classifieds| Jobs in India| Copyright © 2006 - 2016 ChennaiClassic.com Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Free Classifieds Ads Portal. All Rights Reserved Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.chennaiclassic.com Your most reliable resource for Jobs, Cars, plots, ads, Houses, Flats, Builders, Chennai Real Estate, Services ... Chennai Classic - Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Classified Ads Portal for Chennai Others Services
null
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Linux > Open Source Software FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! Linux Kernel 4.7.7 Has NFS Improvements, Updated Wireless and InfiniBand Drivers GO All users of the Linux 4.7 kernel branch are urged to update Oct 9, 2016 21:50 GMT  ·  By Marius Nestor  ·  Share:  After announcing the imminent release of Linux kernel 4.8.1, as well as the availability of Linux kernel 4.4.24 LTS, Greg Kroah-Hartman has informed the community about the launch of the seventh maintenance update to the Linux 4.7 kernel series. That's right, Linux kernel 4.7.7 is now here for those of you who are still using the Linux 4.7 kernel branch in your GNU/Linux distributions, and according to the appended shortlog and the diff from the previous maintenance update, namely Linux kernel 4.7.6, the new version changes a total of 142 files, with 852 insertions and 490 deletions, which means that it's a pretty hefty release. "I'm announcing the release of the 4.7.7 kernel. All users of the 4.7 kernel series must upgrade," says Greg Kroah-Hartman. "The updated 4.7.y git tree can be found at: git://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-stable.git linux-4.7.y and can be browsed at the normal kernel.org git web browser: http://git.kernel.org/?p=linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-stable.git;a=summary." Here's what's new in Linux kernel 4.7.7 As mentioned before, Linux kernel 4.7.7 comes with many improvements, including a large number of updated wireless drivers (Broadcom, Intel, Marvell), as well as enhancements for Ethernet (Intel), InfiniBand, MMC, MTD, MD, GPU (Radeon, Nouveau), DMA, I2C, GPIO, hwmon, IRQ Chip, NFC, PCMCIA, PINCTRL, SCSI, USB, and Watchdog. It also adds minor enhancements to the NFS and Ceph filesystems. Moreover, the Linux 4.7.7 kernel brings an updated networking stack with B.A.T.M.A.N. Advanced, Bluetooth, mac80211, and SunRPC changes, an updated sound stack with Intel Skylake, HDA, and OMAP improvements, various fixes to the ARM, ARM64 (AArch64), AVR32, MIPS, PowerPC (PPC), x86, and Tile hardware architectures, as well as the usual core kernel and mm bugfixes. If you're using a GNU/Linux distribution powered by a kernel from the Linux 4.7 series, you are urged to update to Linux kernel 4.7.7 as soon as possible. OS vendors and kernel maintainers can download the sources of the Linux 4.7.7 kernel right now via our website or directly from kernel.org. The rest of the world should wait for the new version to land in the stable repositories before updating. #Linux 4.7.7#Linux kernel 4.7.7#Linux 4.7#Linux kernel#Linux subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Wine 1.8.5 Stable Update Adds Better Microsoft Publisher 2007 and 2010 Support BakAndImgCD 20.0 Data Backup & Disk Cloning Live CD Is Out, Based on 4MLinux 20 Solus Gets Linux Kernel 4.8.1, LibreOffice 5.2.2, and Radeon Vulkan Driver AryaLinux 2016.08 Distro Puts Xfce into a New Light of Freshness and Usability Microsoft Pledges to Completely Retire Office 2007 Next Year Firefox 50.0 Officially Released for Linux, Mac and Windows, Here's What's New Some U.S. Android Phones Have Secret Backdoor That Sends Data to China Apple Insider Says iPhone 6 Plus Has a Major Bug, Company Should Start Recall Microsoft Pledges to Completely Retire Office 2007 Next Year X.Org Server 1.19.0 Officially Released, Coming Soon to a Linux Distro Near You Red Hat Software Collections 2.3 and Red Hat Developer Toolset 6 Available Now Linux Kernel 4.4.32 LTS Adds Networking Improvements, Updated AMDGPU Drivers    Linux kernel 4.7.7 released New Linux Apps openSUSE Linux: The new and improved SUSE Linux operating system, a community-driven distribution Linux Kernel: What you are about to download is the core of all the Linux operating systems in the world Linux Kernel: The core of the Linux operating systems, created and maintained by Linus Torvalds Tor Browser: Browse the web anonymously with the custom and private web browser from the Tor project KDE Frameworks: This project contains all the KDE libraries and code base for KDE applications and platform darktable: Your personal virtual lighttable and darkroom, photography workflow & RAW management application LFA (Linux For All): A 64-bit only Linux-based operating system that features four desktop environments Reader comments Major Cryptsetup Vulnerability Affects Some LUKS-Encrypted GNU/Linux Systems more on: CVE-2016-4484 i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Chennai Classic .Com       No Fees... No Login... Just Post Ads!!!           Chennai Others | Providing all Others in Chennai (Madras) India Home  •  Post Classifieds India / Chennai / Services / Others ﻿ Warning: Avoid Scams and Fraud. Unless you are sure about the other party do not get involved in financial transactions Report Abuse | Email this Ad    Share Dell M6400 for Mobileworkstation Rental in Hyderabad with shock protection Reply to: (Use contact form below) (Please mention ChennaiClassic.com when contacting) Dell M6400 Mobile workstation Rental in Hyderabad with shock protection.Precision laptops are designed to power demanding applications. With capacity for two hard disks and a terabyte of data storage, Precision models boast more storage than is typically common in business laptops. Processor: Intel® Core TM I7 620M, Display: 17", Operating System: Win 7 Pro, Hard Disk: 500 GB, RAM : 4 GB, Optical Drives: DVD-ROM, CD-RW/DVD, DVD+/-RW, Multimedia: 2 speakers, optional dual array microphones, Optional 2MP camera, Slots: 8-in-1 card reader; Express Card 54; PC Card Contact us:Globalnet technologies Mobile no: +91 90360 10005, Office no: 080-65707504, Email address: enquiry@globalnetech.in , http://globalnetech.in/ Contact this User:    Your email: * Message: * Attachment: The following file types are not allowed: exe, com, bat, vbs, js, jar, scr, pif Maximum file size: 200KB Security Code: * Enter the code shown above into this textbox   Send Now Posted on: Sunday, 09 October, 2016  15:16 Expires On: Monday, 17 April, 2017  09:46 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact us| Post Free Ad| Chennai Classifieds| Jobs in India| Copyright © 2006 - 2016 ChennaiClassic.com Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Free Classifieds Ads Portal. All Rights Reserved Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.chennaiclassic.com Your most reliable resource for Jobs, Cars, plots, ads, Houses, Flats, Builders, Chennai Real Estate, Services ... Chennai Classic - Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Classified Ads Portal for Chennai Others Services
Chennai Classic .Com       No Fees... No Login... Just Post Ads!!!           Chennai Others | Providing all Others in Chennai (Madras) India Home  •  Post Classifieds India / Chennai / Services / Others ﻿ Warning: Avoid Scams and Fraud. Unless you are sure about the other party do not get involved in financial transactions Report Abuse | Email this Ad    Share Security protected Dell M6400 Mobileworkstation Rental Bangalore Reply to: (Use contact form below) (Please mention ChennaiClassic.com when contacting) Security protected Dell M6400 for Mobile workstation Rental in Bangalorefor engineering applications. Precision workstations are fast. With 7200RPM hard disks, dual-channel DDR3 RAM, quad-core extreme processors and optional RAID configurations, the laptops easily outperform most corporate desktop PCs. Processor: Intel® Core TM I7 620M, Display: 17", Operating System: Win 7 Pro, Hard Disk: 500 GB, RAM : 4 GB, Optical Drives: DVD-ROM, CD-RW/DVD, DVD+/-RW, Multimedia: 2 speakers, optional dual array microphones, Optional 2MP camera, Slots: 8-in-1 card reader; Express Card 54; PC Card Contact us:Globalnet technologies Mobile no: +91 90360 10005, Office no: 080-65707504, Email address: enquiry@globalnetech.in , http://globalnetech.in/ Contact this User:    Your email: * Message: * Attachment: The following file types are not allowed: exe, com, bat, vbs, js, jar, scr, pif Maximum file size: 200KB Security Code: * Enter the code shown above into this textbox   Send Now Posted on: Sunday, 09 October, 2016  15:14 Expires On: Monday, 17 April, 2017  09:44 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact us| Post Free Ad| Chennai Classifieds| Jobs in India| Copyright © 2006 - 2016 ChennaiClassic.com Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Free Classifieds Ads Portal. All Rights Reserved Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.chennaiclassic.com Your most reliable resource for Jobs, Cars, plots, ads, Houses, Flats, Builders, Chennai Real Estate, Services ... Chennai Classic - Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Classified Ads Portal for Chennai Others Services
To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. Home Church & Ministries U.S. World Politics Entertainment living Opinion MacBook Pro 2016 Latest News and Rumors: New Features, Specs, Rescheduled Apple Event and Price Details Revealed By Neal A. Lasta Oct 9, 2016 | 7:46 AM Many Apple fans expected that the MacBook Pro 2016 will be unveiled at the same time as the iPhone 7 was launched last September. That didn't happen apparently, much to the dismay of fans waiting for the latest edition of the laptop. In fact, the company hasn't even mentioned anything about a new version of the MacBook Pro. That's not to keep people from writing about MacBook Pro 2016 rumors regarding the specs, dimensions and features of the device. Here are some of them. New Features TechRadar says the MacBook Pro 2016 will run on SkyLake processors. These processors were developed by Intel back in 2015; a microarchitecture redesign over the previous Broadwell architecture. Yes, I want Breaking Christian News Submit A new feature that is said to debut in the 2016 MacBook Pro is the OLED panel which will replace the physical function buttons at the top of the keyboard. The panel is also rumored to be fully customizable, which means that instead of function keys, the panel can show shortcut symbols to your favorite apps, for example. The Macbook Pro 2016 is also rumored to feature TouchID, which means fingerprint security may be available for this latest MacBook, much like the latest iPhone. MacBook Pro 2016 will also have a slimmer and sleeker design. This is according to Ming-Chi Kuo, KGI Securities analyst. He said Apple will use specialized hinges for this to happen. The sleeker design will come from "shallower curves around the edges," according to Tech Times. Specs The MacBook Pro 2016 will have a 15-inch 5K Apple display (equivalent to 5120 x 2880 screen resolution) and will come in various colors. It will also have the Lightning port for audio and four USB-C ports. It will also have AMD Polaris GPUs. The MacBook Pro 2016 is also rumored to have a 13-inch variation. Rescheduled Apple Event The rumored launch date of the MacBook Pro 2016 was set at an October event. However, Apple announced that this event will be moved at a later date because they re-scheduled their 4th quarter earnings call. Along with the announcement of the MacBook Pro 2016, it was also rumored that Apple was supposed to announce other products and product upgrades. The launching date could be moved next month, November, and rumors have already surfaced that the MacBook Pro will be launched by then. Price The MacBook Pro 2016 is rumored to be worth at least $1099 for the 13-inch variation, and $2,099 for the 15-inch; pretty hefty prices but with all its rumored features on hand, that may be justified. Most Popular Stories Assyrian Christians Congratulate Trump; Urge Protection from Genocide ISIS Taking Newborn Babies, Virgin Girls; on Rampage to Annihilate Christians, Says Catholic Priest A Roman Catholic priest who has been helping Christians, Yazidis, and other religious minorities facing genocide in Iraq and Syria said Islamic State militants separate families who live in terrorist occupied land by taking newborn babies and virgin girls while killing fathers and forcing young boys to plant bombs on the streets. Who is Reince Priebus? 5 Things You Should Know President-elect Donald Trump announced Sunday that Republican Party Chairman Reince Priebus will be his White House chief of staff. Pastor, Mother and Daughter With 'Angelic' Voice Killed in Crash After Band Competition An Indiana pastor, his mother and one of his daughters were all killed in a tragic accident Sunday morning just hours after his daughter and her high school teammates had performed at a national band competition. Here's What President Donald Trump's Cabinet Might Look Like President-elect Donald Trump is in the process of deciding who will serve in his new administration, and the list of possible picks includes both well-known and lesser-known figures. Christian Entertainers Speak Out Against Evangelicals for Supporting Trump Presidency Evangelical Christians proved to be a driving force behind Donald Trump winning the 2016 presidential election, but some high-profile Christian entertainers have voiced their disagreement with fellow believers who supported the candidate. Terms of Service Privacy Full Site © 2016 The Christian Post Company Swipe to read previous / next sections. Don't show this again! Got it!
Home Veterans Resources VA Benefits Jobs for Veterans Jobs News for Veterans VA Home Loans Short Term Personal Loans Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) Medical & Health Forum RSS Feed Email Newsletter Sign-Up Download VT Apps VT APP (Android) VT App (Iphone) VT Radio App (Android) VT Radio App (Iphone) VT Radio & TV Channels YouTube ITunes Sound Cloud Android Devices Social Networks Facebook Google + Twitter Help Desk Submit Support Ticket Vladimir Putin We have one Fatherland, one people and a common future Home Health Agent Orange Coping Gulf War Illness (GWI) Medical Disability Benefits PTSD Investigations 9/11 Holocaust JFK Assassination Paris Attacks 2015 Sandy Hook Life Art, Books, & Entertainment Economy & Business Education Environment Food, Wine & Travel History Civil War (1861-1865) Cold War (1947-1991) Gulf War (1990-1991) Iraq War (2003-2011) Korean War (1950-1953) Libyan Civil War (2011-2014) Vietnam War (1955-1975) World War I (1914-1918) World War II (1939-1945) Humor Of Interest Peace, Causes & Activism Personal Finance Religion Media Military Heroes Support the Troops Politics Civil Liberties and Freedom Corruption Election 2016 Foreign Policy Government Legislation Veterans Benefits Regional Top 10 VA Home Loans Veteran Service Organizations Veterans Affairs WarZone Afghanistan War Drug War New World Order War Ukraine Wars War in Syria World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Russia Custom Weapons Download Apps VT Polls Career Center VT Books Contact Editorial Board-Staff Comment Policy Write for VT About Us Advertise Legal Notice Search A Nation of Utter and Complete Morons Actually Believes Black-Box “Election Results” Exclusive: The US is up for uneasy times US Media Reports of anti-Trump protests are unreliable at best Restaurant denies free Veterans Day meal to black veteran after man in Trump shirt accuses him of lying Vladimir Putin to Donald Trump: Did you get my beautiful letter? Obama, Clinton, helpless at Russian election grab Too Little Too Late for Merkel: Germany Begins Roundup of Erdogan Terror Cells Obama tours Europe to soothe fears over Trump’s stance on NATO, TTIP deal ‹ › Jim W. Dean is managing editor of Veterans Today wearing many hats from day to day operations, development, writing and editing articles. He has an active schedule of TV and radio interviews He is co-host of the popular VT Radio show Jim and Gordie Show. Jim comes from an old military family dating back to the American Revolution. Dozens of Confederate ancestors fought for the South in the War Between the States. Uncles fought in WWII and Korea. His father was a WWII P-40 and later P-51 Mustang fighter pilot. Vietnam found several uncles serving, a cousin, and brother Wendell as a young Ranger officer. His mother was a WWII widow at 16, her first husband killed with all 580 aboard when the SS Paul Hamilton, an ammunition ship with 7000 tons of explosives aboard, was torpedoed off the coast of Algiers. He has been writing, speaking and doing public relations, television, consulting and now multimedia work for a variety of American heritage, historical, military, veterans and Intel platforms. Jim's only film appearance was in the PBS Looking for Lincoln documentary with Prof. Henry Lewis Gates, and he has guest lectured at the Army Command and General Staff School at Fort Gordon. Currently he is working to take his extensive historical video archives on line to assist his affiliated organizations with their website multimedia efforts, such as the Military Order of World Wars, Atlanta, Sons of the American Revolution, Sons of Confederate Veterans , Assoc. for Intelligence Officers, the Navy League, Georgia Heritage Council, National Memorial Assoc.of Georgia. View Latest Posts >>> American Un-exceptionalism Laid Bare By Jim W. Dean, Managing Editor on October 9, 2016 Syria: American Un-exceptionalism Laid Bare “Never think that war, no matter how necessary, nor how justified, is not a crime.” ― Ernest Hemingway by  Jim W. Dean, VT Editor     … with  New Eastern Outlook, Moscow – First published  …  October 9, 2016 – Damascus is not risking their soldiers lives to kill civilians who are no threat, but these guys Like the terrorist that sends an anonymous threat, the US current psyop against the Syrian anti-terrorism campaign has utilized anonymous sources to report that Washington is considering “limited” attacks on Syrian and Russian forces to encourage them to break off their driving the Western backed terrorists out of Aleppo. You just can’t make this stuff up. Because such attacks would be illegal without a UN resolution, something impossible with Russian and Chinese vetoes, that speed bump would be overcome by using “covert” airstrikes. A quick Veterans Today survey of retired Intel pros showed a consensus that this was one of the dumbest ideas by a US government since the Bush(43) gangsters went into Iraq to get Saddam’s nukes and chemical weapons, which he did not have. The Pentagon-CIA pitch was that such strikes would drive Assad to the negotiation table. We call this the language of lunatics, who want to start a war because they feel impervious to being labeled the wanton aggressor. They are lunatic supremacists, a term I just invented. We have been watching the war of words built up to these overt threats over the past two weeks. The US ended all pretense of seeking a Syrian war resolution by announcing it would discontinue joint efforts with Russia in Geneva. To embarrass the country even more, US officials once again attempted to blame the failure on Russia by claiming it was violating the ceasefire with its bombing missions to support ending the terror siege in East Aleppo. This ten year old girl was shot by a sniper in the Damascus suburbs, compliments of US regime change terror that continually blames Assad for it all These officials ignored the simple fact that the ceasefire expired after the first week, so the Syrian coalition could not have broken it by acts taken afterwards. I would not have used the harsh term un-exceptionalism if the ceasefire had simply failed. It did not. It was strangled by those that wanted to kill it – by the Jihadis, their Gulf State supporters, the Pentagon, and how much by Obama and Kerry we can’t be sure at this point because they clearly have factions inside the government opposed to any non-US dominated outcome. When Obama did not ask for someone’s head from the Pentagon for the Deir Ezzor bombing of the Syrian troops there, he effectively put his seal of approval on the act, adding another unexceptional stain to his record. He allowed his administration to instantly blame the Syrian coalition for the nighttime attack on the aid convoy on the testimony only of the pro-insurgent White Hat relief group, when his own Chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff told Congress that he had no evidence of Russian involvement. General Dunford lied by omission because he knew that the Syrian Airforce was not equipped for night strikes, and that, with the US total battlefield surveillance, he knew exactly where every Russian plane flew, and would have shared the radar plot of alleged Russian involvement, which he did not. That again was very unexceptional. John Kerry did not miss getting on this bandwagon either. He made the mistake of having a frank talk with an insurgent group on the sidelines of the UN conference in New York, where it was taped. “We don’t have a basis (to intervene), our lawyers tell us, unless we have a UN Security Council Resolution which the Russians can veto or unless we are under attack from folks or unless we are invited in. Russia is invited in by the legitimate regime,” said Kerry. Oops! That was followed my screams from Western media that Assad was guilty of war crimes for doing the same kind of decapitation precision strikes inside the city to “degrade” the jihadi command structure that the US has claimed it was doing. Obama’s own spokespeople joined in the invective language piled onto Syria and Russia, including the UN’s Samantha Power. That was very unexceptional. General Dunford is riding the wind on US keeping the military involved with regime change without too much blowback State Department scamsters had invented their own legal cover, that the reported attacks by Syria on the civilians in East Aleppo invalidated Assad’s legitimacy under international law doctrine known as the “right to protect”. The problem with that is the accused Syrian regime is a member in good standing with the UN, and no move has been made to change that. What has happened is the US has attacked and killed countless Syrians via its proxy terror war, thus making it guilty of breaking its own standards, or lack thereof. When the subject of reparations comes up when the Syrian War is over, we will not need Mr. Kerry as a witness, because we already have the Nuremberg precedent for “waging an offensive war”. And we have the statutes world over for “aiding and abetting” terrorism that are the golden keys to making a case for rebuilding Syria paid for by those who are guilty of destroying it. The governments will hide behind their sovereign immunity. Their outside contractors that do the dirty work will close their front corporations down, leaving them empty for anyone looking for money later on. But NGOs, many of them up to their eyeballs in supporting terrorism, do not have that golden parachute to protect them, or enough money worth going after, so they are safe in that regard. Where pocketbooks cannot be made to suffer for endless crimes committed in Syria, then reputations certainly can. The US has been wrecking its own. The CIA could not carry the total logistics support load for the Syrian jihadis, so the military was the only place to turn to for training. The Blackwater-type companies have been very busy throughout Obama’s term, handling the War “of” Terror. The Pentagon’s reputation took another big hit this week when the Bureau of Investigative Journalism presented its well-documented investigative report on a massive disinformation campaign upon the world public, especially here in the US. It is against US law for the government to propagandize its own people, a law that has been routinely ignored using thinly veiled legal ruses, like hiring a foreign contractor to do the work. The Bureau found the UK firm, Bell Pottinger, got $660 million in contracts from 2006 to 2011. That huge amount has a strong whiff of a CIA front operation, where much of that money went to fund all kinds of other operations, easily done when they are classified at the time. While our children were being taught the fairy tale of the American democratic model of “government by the people and for the people”, we had their parents’ taxes going to fund just the opposite, a total control and manipulation system that one would expect from an occupying army after having lost a war. This unexceptional behavior may have started under Bush (43), but it was carried on in its shape-shifting forms with Obama, as Ash Carter and John Brennan were carry overs from Bush. Where the Syria war will go from here is anyone’s guess. We have seen the all too familiar demonization campaigns against both Syria and Russia being rolled out — the kind historically used to justify military interventions. I can’t see Obama doing something like this on the eve of a presidential election. But I can see him setting Hillary up, hoping that not only will she win, but that the current hawks in the Pentagon will be more than willing to head up more aggressive US involvement. There is not much to save in Aleppo. The city is basically destroyed, Erdogan’s hoodlums having looted all the factories early on, moving them lock, stock and barrel to the new Turkish proprietors, supporters of his own party. Terror shelling of civilians has been a Kiev practice accepted by its Western backers As the US failure in Ukraine becomes more evident, Washington could become desperate for a “save the world“ diversion. We are getting intel reports of a wave of terror being planned for Europe, a Gladio tool useful to those who see the devolution of the EU on the horizon. Hungary is already talking about an East European sub-union within the EU. No one will say it, but the Jim Dean concept of “Redo the EU” is slowly easing itself unto the table. As Britain and the EU hammer out their divorce settlement, I predict the demands to reform the EU will keep growing. The talk of its just going away is just silly. The EU will go through some kind of a transformation. That could be a destructive process, but certainly not its intent. Europe does not want to go through a three or four year property distribution settlement with the Brits, only to have a couple more countries lined up for their turn at the exit. Chaos theory has been let loose upon us, the modern Frankenstein of our time. As to the chances of a peaceful resolution for all of these conflicts, I would not bet a dime. John Donne the poet, knew about this when he wrote, “Do not ask for whom the bell tolls, it tolls for thee.” __________ Jim W. Dean, managing editor for Veterans Today, producer/host of Heritage TV Atlanta, specially for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook”. _____________  Related Posts: “Al-CIA-duh” in Clash of Civilizations Israel, US Arm Al-Qaeda to Break Syria Into Pieces US Slave of Extremist Likud Zionism in Mideast Aoun has been appointed the President of Lebanon – Again. Can Everyone Stop Saying The Houthis Are An Iranian Proxy? The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Jim W. Dean, Managing Editor on October 9, 2016, With 5359 Reads Filed under WarZone. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 15 Responses to "American Un-exceptionalism Laid Bare" Bartered  October 10, 2016 at 7:39 pm Lets see how those S400’s respond to anymore shenanigans. If they don’t want it in their airspace its toast. Unlike the US and Saudi regime Russia knows what is a hospital, school, or quiet suburban neighborhood. The excuse that these places are traditionally used to hold terrorist stuff does not excuse civilian casualties and should never have been tolerated. Committing inhumane acts of wiping out neighborhoods for a few “suspects”? I know this occurred in Vietnam because I saw the news footage before it was censored. Its one of the reasons people were in the streets demanding it to stop. Where is the noise? Log in to Reply Amelius  October 10, 2016 at 10:16 am Very well done. Thank you Mr. Dean. Your new term, “lunatic supremacists”, fits well on those who you invented it to describe. Log in to Reply William Bourne  October 9, 2016 at 10:09 pm Exceptionally bad is a closer fit to American ME invasions. Such photos of innocent child victims is effective to awaken Americans. How about a video or photo tour of a Syrian Hospital Children’s Ward with all of the damaged kids caused by American ISIS terrorism? Log in to Reply roger  October 9, 2016 at 8:06 pm Excellent Jim. 100% Ok on the assessment, now we need the medicament. Edward Longshanks has a point. As the Roman Empire, with the Jewish advice, ruled the World on its time, the following British Empire expanded .what the Romans conquered also, under Jewish influence reached Balfour. US replaced and perfected the British Empire, as being the Masonry ointed one to carry on the following step, the foundation of Israel; all being the long march of History according (but the names) to the Holy Book, as it is the End. The domestic and overseas US policies were designed from the onset to have a unipolar World domination target. Beggining with challenging British pound and its backbone, the Royal Navy, which were replaced in time by the very kosher dollar and the zionistic bisexual Pentagon. What happened to Americans in XIX, XX or XXI centuries has been preplanned in advance according to boresighted rabbinical designs, in compliance with everyone and single American intervention or conflict , as are economic up and downs, racial degrading, a growing Godless State as endemic social meekness, It is time to organize, detox and provide for a healthy State. Log in to Reply Sparrow  October 9, 2016 at 12:18 pm Can Mr. Dean or someone please find out what’s up with US Military airplanes landing in Belfast International Airport? No answers are given as to why. http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/northern-ireland-airport-used-for-american-military-aircraft-landing-site-pentagon-to-consider-what-information-to-release-35111984.html Listen to The Nolan Show at link. Thank you Log in to Reply Edward Longshanks  October 9, 2016 at 11:32 am I like the straight logic in the article. It is well formulated to the main hitting points. Today German main TV-news “Tagessschau” declared the first time that peace activists do not see only Russian guilt for the suffering in Aleppo. Do we recognize a wind of change? In one point i do not agree with the article: When started the unacceptable behaviour of US governments. WW1, Spanish-/US-war, US-Mexican-war, the war with British Canada, the Civil War etcetc. It will beome difficult to prove >This unexceptional behavior may have started under Bush (43), but it was carried on in its shape-shifting forms with Obama, as Ash Carter and John Brennan were carry overs from Bush.- The historical unexceptional behaviour of lunatic US governments since Independence day is easy to prove. Log in to Reply Jim W. Dean, Managing Editor  October 9, 2016 at 1:29 pm Thanks for your input. We Americans tend to look at those previous events as the teenage years of the country, when we could do nothing about it. My framing was Obama’s mistake in being sold the American exceptionalism con, which he might have gotten suckered into by playing to his ego with the term being put on his legacy…and on those of us living at this time. We Confederates don’t blame Yankees for what happened in our Civil War, unless they start acting link Yankees 🙂 Khalid Talaat  October 9, 2016 at 8:53 am Thanks Mr. Dean for a informative article. Much appreciated. How can these masters of the universe cause so much suffering to so many countless lives without any empathy whatsoever? I just can not comprehend it. Log in to Reply JohnZ  October 9, 2016 at 8:37 am There are the two thieves but where’s Christ? Log in to Reply joetv  October 9, 2016 at 8:32 am No. “You just can’t make this stuff up” To borrow words from JS, the world has been turned on it’s head. Fractional banking dId it. Our apathy keeps it going. We feed the hand that slaps us. Yet we sleep well. Log in to Reply US-First  October 9, 2016 at 8:32 am The Israeli cheerleader and dancing class at the Pentagon has been cancelled until further notice. Log in to Reply JohnZ  October 9, 2016 at 8:30 am Jim, Very well said. I think no one could say it any better. The current regime in the White House and that is how I see it, has proven to be even worse than the previous one. With three wars and three nations destroyed and countless dead, injured and maimed for life, with millions more made homeless and desperate by the actions of this sitting fool in the White House, that for all reasons should be arrested along with the entire White House staff and charged with war crimes. America has no moral compass. It has no exceptionalism only in that it has destroyed the lives of more people on this planet than any previous nation. America does not have the blessing of any deity. It is to be condemned. While a great many Americans share the faith based on a violent, hateful religion created in a middle eastern desert, there are those of us who reject it wholesale as a fraud. I’m not talking about Islam either. America is now plummeting down an abyss from which it may never return. Too late, some are waking up to the mass delusion and the lies and deceits fed them. I fear we are doomed. Log in to Reply JS  October 9, 2016 at 7:48 am Excellent article, Jim. I want to add two things: First, I think this unexceptional behavior may have started in earnest under Bush 41 rather than Bush 43. Second, Samantha Power while in the Obama admin, kept harping on the “responsibility to protect” rather than the right to protect. Of course, that UN doctrine is a crock of you know what, but she has been rewarded for this by being promoted from NSC to now being US Ambassador to the UN. Quote from the wiki page on this globalist UN doctrine: “The Responsibility to Protect (R2P or RtoP) is a global political commitment which was endorsed by all member states of the United Nations at the 2005 World Summit to prevent genocide, war crimes, ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity.” Log in to Reply JS  October 9, 2016 at 7:53 am When the member states of the UN voted for this in 2005, they were naive. This “responsibility to protect” doctrine has been turned on its head, and has been used an excuse to go into other countries and do precisely those things that the vote was supposed to prevent! JohnZ  October 9, 2016 at 8:37 am No it began much earlier that the Bush regimes. It began with Teddy Roosevelt. It began with the phrase “manifest destiny”, it began with”making the world safe for democracy”, it began with the absurd notion of “one nation under god” inserted into a mindless little ditty that we were made to repeat countless times in the name of freedom. One that I shall never utter again. You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT Latest Top 10 Comments A Nation of Utter and Complete Morons Actually Believes Black-Box “Election Results” Exclusive: The US is up for uneasy times US Media Reports of anti-Trump protests are unreliable at best Restaurant denies free Veterans Day meal to black veteran after man in Trump shirt accuses him of lying Vladimir Putin to Donald Trump: Did you get my beautiful letter? Obama, Clinton, helpless at Russian election grab Too Little Too Late for Merkel: Germany Begins Roundup of Erdogan Terror Cells Obama tours Europe to soothe fears over Trump’s stance on NATO, TTIP deal Balochistan Blasts and the Issue of Pak-Afghan Border Syrian War Report – November 15, 2016: 500 Militants Were Killed in Clashes in Western Aleppo PART III: Neoconizing the Just War Doctrine in the service of American empire Empowering Veterans – Rebuilding the American Nation Army Special Forces soldiers killed in Jordan were working for the CIA SouthFront: Turkey Seizing More Syrian Territory while Russian Fleet Readies for Attack 1.8 Million Votes Behind, Trump Goes Neocon while voters stats suggesting “hack” are suppressed Israeli ministers okay draft bill to legalize Jewish settlements on private Palestinian land Iran Ready for Joint Military Drills with China Trump Asks to Postpone Fraud Trial until after His Inauguration Most Americans Go to Polls in History But Voting at Lowest Level Since 1996? Today in Trumpland, Life on the other side of the mirror Australian 60 Minutes exposed the Worldwide Satanic Pedophile Network (78621) Breaking/Exclusive: The New 9/11, Information In, Israel Rigs an Election (updating) (23412) Time to take down the flag as most Americans surrender to a foreign backed coup (15732) Yes, the election WAS stolen – so who “sent” Trump? (15221) We “conspiracy theorists” won – so why aren’t I celebrating? (13480) Trump is the Anti-Obama, Just Like Obama Was the Anti-Bush (But It’s All a Con Game) (10945) Disclosure: Hillary Campaign Knew Trump Aided by Intel Agencies (9176) 1933: Trump Elected Chancellor (9171) Why the Red Poppy Holds Valuable Symbolism for War Veterans (8498) Will the Powers That Be assassinate Donald Trump? (8217) Worker Bee: A Nation of Utter and Complete Morons Actually Believes Black-Box “Election Results” Simpsons Donkey: A Nation of Utter and Complete Morons Actually Believes Black-Box “Election Results” James Robertson: A Nation of Utter and Complete Morons Actually Believes Black-Box “Election Results” George Bowling: Australian 60 Minutes exposed the Worldwide Satanic Pedophile Network Dr. Abu-Bakr Susta: Vladimir Putin to Donald Trump: Did you get my beautiful letter? Dr. Abu-Bakr Susta: Vladimir Putin to Donald Trump: Did you get my beautiful letter? Dr. Abu-Bakr Susta: Obama, Clinton, helpless at Russian election grab LC: Exclusive: The US is up for uneasy times JS: Election Wrapup LC: Making America Great Means Ending the War on Islam and the People of Afghanistan VT Readers Poll Should USA break up into (2) separate countries, one Whites Only and other Everyone Else? Yes No Not Sure View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Featured Columnists Allen L Roland, PhD Bob Nichols Brig Asif H. Raja David Swanson Dr. Ashraf Ezzat Ed Mattson Gilad Atzmon Gordon Duff, Seni.. Ian Greenhalgh Jack Heart Jack Speer-Williams Jane Rosenstein Jim W. Dean, Mana.. Johnny Punish Jonas E. Alexis Kadir A. Mohmand Katherine Frisk Kevin Barrett Michael Shrimpton Muhammed Ali Carter Paul Fitzgerald Press TV Preston James, Ph.D Richard Edmondson Sami Jamil Jadallah South Front Stuart Littlewood World News Tommor.. Personal Finance View all It’s All Bullish in the End as Stocks Post Best Week Since 2014 It’s All Bullish in the End as Stocks Post Best Week Since 2014 We Should Take Our Cues From the Market — Not Politicians In personal finance, there’s a gender divide How to Streamline Your Business Using Video Conferences Short Term Investments for Veterans National News View all Brown students tore up, threw out American flags at Veterans Day ceremony Brown students tore up, threw out American flags at Veterans Day ceremony Chili’s under fire after manager takes free meal from vet on Veterans Day US, British ‘Clean House’ to Delete Syria Terror Links Leftist Loons Want a Civil War EU Holds Meeting to Discuss Trump VA Home Loans View all Mortgage Rates Rise to Near Pre-Brexit Levels Mortgage Rates Rise to Near Pre-Brexit Levels How Can A Little Strategy Help You Win Big Eight Reasons to Invest in the Forex Market 7 guidelines on how to finance small business Veteran Affairs Renews Contract with Black Knight Career News View all 9 High-Rated Companies Hiring Veterans Now 9 High-Rated Companies Hiring Veterans Now MDRC Joins HireVeterans.com! Kohler Joins HireVeterans.com! Former sergeant channels years of guilt into hope for veterans How You Can Pay Veterans Back With a Job Network News View all Expose Journalists Elizabeth Gould and Paul Fitzgerald Join VT Expose Journalists Elizabeth Gould and Paul Fitzgerald Join VT VOTE: Message from VT General Manager John Allen James Hall – Former Political Operative Joins VNN Sherwood Ross: Award-Winning Reporter Joins Veterans Today Writers Staff Rag Radio host Thorne Dreyer Joins VT Radio VT LIVE Radio TV Video Media   Listen Live Short End Of The Stick with Mike Harris: Dr. Preston James is the guest Short End Of The Stick with Mike Harris: John Denugent and Kevin Barrett TCK Radio: Josh Tolley “Post Election Prognosis, Putin & Preparedness” RAG RADIO: ‘The Resisitible Rise of Donald J. Trump’ with Jonathan Tilove & Glenn W. Smith Freeing our Minds to Reclaim our Nations: Radio Free Kanata TRUTH JIHAD: Gordon Duff on Trump’s election theft TOP 50 READ ARTICLES THIS MONTH Breaking/Exclusive: Comey Lied: FBI “Synced” Weiner Laptop Under Misused Terror Warrant – Updated Australian 60 Minutes exposed the Worldwide Satanic Pedophile Network “Lock Him Up” Trump Faces Possible Jail for Insurance Fraud Breaking/Exclusive: The New 9/11, Information In, Israel Rigs an Election (updating) The City of London’s ReColonization of America The Hidden History of the Incredibly Evil Khazarian Mafia (Updated) Rodrigo Duterte: I am officially through with the New World Order BREAKING: Comey Admits to Fabricating Email Investigation, Rigging Election in FBI Secret Memo Time to take down the flag as most Americans surrender to a foreign backed coup Yes, the election WAS stolen – so who “sent” Trump? Why the Red Poppy Holds Valuable Symbolism for War Veterans Wikileaks Tracked to Haifa, Trump’s Real Campaign Headquarters and more, much more We “conspiracy theorists” won – so why aren’t I celebrating? Israel makes ‘Hail Mary’ move to influence US election – FBI commit treason? Vladimir Putin Is Morally and Intellectually Destroying the New World Order LUCIFER in the Temple of the Dog II Top 10 reasons to be a holocaust denier VT Exclusive: Largest Pedophile Ring in History, 70,000 Members, Heads of State, the Rats Scramble Who Towers Behind Trump? Rodrigo Duterte to New World Order agents: “I’ll humiliate you” New World Order, Weiner and Revelation Trump is the Anti-Obama, Just Like Obama Was the Anti-Bush (But It’s All a Con Game) Disclosure: Beyond the Burning the FBI, VT Breaks New Ground(part IV) FBI “Insurrection” to Scuttle Director, Rig Election LUCIFER in the Temple of the Dog I Tying it together, Wikileaks, the FBI and the Mob Part V 1933: Trump Elected Chancellor Russia petrifies the New World Order and its agents—again Qatari princess having sex with seven men Disclosure: Hillary Campaign Knew Trump Aided by Intel Agencies Rape and Sex in German Cities After World War II Revisited (Part II) FBI “Insurrection” to Scuttle Director, Rig Election: part 2 NEO – Mosul Offensive Reveals Larger Geopolitical Game Plan Admiral Kuznetsov Carrier Group Saved Syria From US Cruise Missile Strikes Rose McGowan: I was raped by a studio head in Hollywood Will the Powers That Be assassinate Donald Trump? Press TV: Duff Buries the Trump/ISIS Lie Machine Loser of the Day: Porn Star Turns Down $10k Trump Offer Looks like Hillary will be Trumped Armageddon Proportions Western Media attacks Aleppo with Guided Missile Lies Vladimir Putin to George Soros: Thank God we kicked you out of Russia Assad: New World Order agents (like John Kerry) have no political or intellectual teeth The Fall of the Saudis, the Battle after ISIS Power, Pedophilia and the US Government Confirmation: British Pegida leader is an Israeli op American Nightmare: Tyranny Under the FBI, an American Reality (Part III) October Boomerang COINTELPRO II: The FBI Informant Army and Donald Trump VI (updated) The New World Order is melting in the heat of its own contradiction Facebook Friend Us Twitter Follow Us Google+ Circle Us RSS Site Feed About Us Veterans Today (VT) is an independent online journal representing the positions and providing news for members of the military and veteran community in areas of national security, geopolitical stability and domestic policy. All writers are fully independent and represent their own point of view and not necessarily the point of view of any other writer, administrator or entity. Quick Links VT Live Radio & Video Download Apps Email Newsletter Advertise Contact Us Help Desk Search Archives Search Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 Search Veterans Today Network VETERANS TODAY NETWORK: National News | Foreign Affairs | Net Radio | Veterans Jobs | Career News | VA Home Loans | Money | Forums | Veteran Owned Businesses (VOSB) | Partners: USS Liberty | Rense.com | Log in  - Powered By Veterans Today Network
OregonLive.com Menu Home News by Topic News by Location Sports High School Sports Entertainment/Lifestyle Eat, Drink, Cook Opinion Real Estate Obituaries Jobs Autos Classifieds Connect With Us Extras Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Trending Politics Watchdog Education Environment Health Business Video Photos Marijuana Diversity Faith, Values, Family Traffic Interactive Maps & Charts Columnists/Voice Back to Main Menu Politics Home My Government Back to Main Menu Education Home My Schools Back to Main Menu Business News Home Real Estate News It's Only Money Oregon & the Economy Playbooks & Profits Silicon Forest Window Shop Business Public Blog Back to Main Menu Steve Duin Samantha Swindler Tom Hallman Jr. Mark Katches John Canzano Kristi Turnquist Grant Butler Jessica Greif Teresa Mahoney Dave Killen Back to Main Menu Portland Pacific Northwest Multnomah County Washington County Clackamas County Clark County Oregon U.S./World Back to Main Menu Oregon Sports John Canzano Ducks Beavers Blazers Pilots Thorns Timbers Vikings NFL NBA MLB Recruiting News Sports on TV More Sports Back to Main Menu NCAA Pac-12 Hops Track & Field Winterhawks Back to Main Menu Boys Girls Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Football Soccer Cross Country Water Polo Back to Main Menu Volleyball Soccer Cross Country Water Polo Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Back to Main Menu TV Movies Music Best of Living Homes & Gardens Travel & Outdoors Arts & Performance Books Pets Vintage Oregon Events Advice Puzzles & Games Comics Back to Main Menu Cheap Eats Dining Out Portland's Best Restaurants Recipes Cooking Beer Bars Wine Back to Main Menu The Stump Editorials Letters to the Editor My Oregon OpEd Elizabeth Hovde David Sarasohn Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Twitter Facebook Instagram Pinterest Our Staff Oregonian Plus Members Buy an ad Back to Main Menu Find & Save Local Businesses Living Plus Travel Plus Gift Guide Back to Main Menu The Oregonian Digital Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search OregonLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to OregonLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Oregonian Digital Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps comments Was Portland's lead crisis preventable? Print Email Brad Schmidt | The Oregonian/OregonLive By Brad Schmidt | The Oregonian/OregonLive The Oregonian Email the author | Follow on Twitter on October 09, 2016 at 6:01 AM, updated October 09, 2016 at 6:02 AM comments The lead crisis that gripped Portland's largest school district this summer might have been avoided if city leaders followed federal rules to minimize lead exposure in drinking water. An investigation by The Oregonian/OregonLive found state regulators let Portland off the hook two decades ago as federal officials turned a blind eye. In November 1997, state officials approved a one-of-a-kind deal that let Portland ignore rules other cities across the country had to follow. New federal guidelines would have required Portland to add chemicals to its water to minimize pipe corrosion and the release of lead. But the city effectively bet it could reduce overall health risks — and save money — by focusing on lead paint instead of aggressively targeting lead in water. That decision affected not only schools but also thousands of homes, apartments and offices across the region connected to Portland's water supply. Now 19 years later, it's impossible to say whether Portland's workaround has lived up to its promise. The Oregonian/OregonLive commissioned independent testing of lead in homes and reviewed hundreds of pages of documents that suggest, in many cases, the program has fallen short of its goals. Among the findings: The program's so-called "cornerstone," lead-paint fixes in homes with young children, was pitched as a national model. Although the work substantially cuts lead dust levels, several studies show reductions are short-lived. In homes with follow-up testing, about half had at least one sample topping hazard levels months or years later. Most of the more than 1,800 homes with lead-paint or soil work have never been retested. An independent analysis of select homes for The Oregonian/OregonLive shows both water and paint hazards previously identified by the city remain today – unbeknownst to residents. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency challenged the premise of Portland's program in 1997, saying expected benefits rested on uncertain assumptions. Water regulators from the Oregon Health Authority dismissed those concerns. Likewise, state regulators discounted federal objections about a lack of benchmarks for measuring success. Since then, state regulators have never independently evaluated Portland's program. At any point since 1997, Portland could have built a water treatment plant to minimize lead while still pursuing the rest of its reduction plan. One estimate pegged construction costs at just $3 million. Instead, as other water systems sharply brought down lead levels, Portland became an outlier. Lead levels in Portland's high-risk homes test the highest among the nation's largest water providers. Portland has exceeded the federal "action level" eight times since 1997, most recently in 2013. And tests this summer found lead-tainted water in virtually every Portland Public Schools building. The fallout prompted high-profile resignations, including Superintendent Carole Smith. Lead levels across Portland — and its schools — would be "dramatically lower" with stronger treatment, said Marc Edwards, a Virginia Tech engineering professor who helped expose the 2015 lead scandal in Flint, Michigan. Every problem wouldn't disappear, but the scope and severity would be reduced. "It's frankly kind of scapegoating," Edwards said. "Why are these school officials taking the brunt of the blame here when the city utility and the state essentially failed to follow the law?" To be clear, federal regulators have never found Portland in violation of lead rules. But they now say Portland's levels "aren't good enough." They want the city to minimize lead, pushing levels as low as possible, beyond simply reducing it. Dave Leland, Oregon's drinking water program manager, argues stronger corrosion control would have made no difference for Portland Public Schools. "It's a different problem," said Leland, blaming district plumbing and fixtures. "The water treatment level wouldn't have solved this." No amount of lead exposure is considered safe, according to the World Health Organization. Locally, no children have been found with elevated blood lead levels this year because of water exposure, according to Multnomah County health authorities. State officials declined to say whether school district employees have tested high for lead, citing privacy concerns. City leaders and state regulators defend their decisions. They say the lead program is successful but don't have an overarching analysis to back it up. Among other things, they say lead levels have dropped by about two-thirds in water tests at high-risk homes. They tout increased testing for children. And they note blood lead levels have dropped in Multnomah County, even though national numbers have fallen, too. "You're looking for proof," said Yone Akagi, Portland's water quality compliance manager. "These children are being tested who would not have gotten tested. I feel strongly that there's been a benefit to public health." EPA concerned with program Portland's water comes from the Bull Run watershed.Jaime Francis/The Oregonian/OregonLive/2011  When the EPA tightened its lead rules in 1991, Portland officials balked. City leaders didn't believe lead exposure was a major problem in water. Portland's Bull Run watershed was considered lead-free. The city's delivery system never included lead service lines. But Portland's water was corrosive enough to leach lead from pipes and faucets. Testing from 10 percent of sampled high-risk homes revealed lead levels of at least 53 parts per billion; the EPA wanted it no higher than 15. The EPA set a deadline to start treatment in 1997. By June 1994, city officials were laying the groundwork for "flexibility." They pitched regulators on a "better approach" that would target plumbing instead of injecting chemicals into everyone's water. A weighty factor in Portland's hesitancy: the business community. Officials didn't want to upset companies using city water to clean microchips or concoct microbrews. The estimated cost for Intel alone to treat its water would be $670,000 up front plus $310,000 a year, according to records from city archives. Portland's water director flew to Washington, D.C., to lobby federal leadership. His takeaway, according to an internal memo: Portland had a shot, "but it is a very difficult proposition." In 1995, Portland studied its options and settled on a new path: light chemical treatment and a program to reduce lead paint dangers. Portland secured endorsements from a broad base of public health experts – including Grant Higginson, the state health officer who also served as Portland's water regulator. Over the next two years, Portland devised an official Lead Hazard Reduction Program, without pinning down how it would be monitored or measured. The plan included water treatment, education for residents, free water testing and paint repairs. City officials could have settled for state approval. Instead, they aimed higher. In March 1997, Portland hoped to join a federal pilot program for innovative approaches to environmental regulations. City leaders formally asked the EPA to approve its program "as a substitute" for minimizing lead levels. The EPA wasn't impressed. None of Portland's estimates on lead exposure was "sufficiently accurate" to be used as the program's underlying basis, EPA's then-assistant administrator for policy, David Gardiner, wrote in November 1997. Assumptions about paint fixes were "highly uncertain," he added, without being specific. Federal officials urged Portland to "clearly define" and measure success for the program. Regulators later wrote that approval would not be credible "without a meaningful evaluation and monitoring program." But state regulators, also considering Portland's program, didn't share those concerns. That month, the Oregon Health Authority approved the same documents Portland submitted to the EPA. State officials declared the program was as good as minimizing lead levels in water. And even though federal officials could have overturned Oregon's decision, they stood pat. Portland withdrew its federal application. Looking back, Oregon and the EPA faced "different kinds of decisions," Gardiner stressed in an interview. The EPA's concerns centered on the federal pilot program's standards. But state officials were free to ignore them. Oregon's criteria for lead-compliance were less rigorous. "Our view was that you wanted to be able to monitor and measure and evaluate the impact," said Gardiner, who left the EPA in 1999. A regional spokeswoman for the EPA declined to say why the agency let Oregon's decision stand given its well-documented concerns. As for the EPA, said Leland, the state's drinking water manager, "Everybody has different views." 'Hazardous levels' return Evaluating success today is difficult because state regulators never set clear expectations for Portland. After federal officials made noises about cracking down in 2002, Portland again pledged to "develop cost-effective criteria" for evaluating its program. But state regulators never pushed it. "These are very difficult things to measure," said Kari Salis, a state drinking water manager. "They're not really quantifiable." But a review of some two dozen reports spanning 18 years spells out several problems – including with the city's prized paint program. In its first few years, Portland handed community groups too much responsibility for getting the work done. "This model floundered," according to an undated city report. By 2001, crews made fixes at just 235 homes – 108 units below the initial goal. Portland has fallen behind again. Three years ago, officials pledged to finish repairs on 310 units by February 2017. With four months to go, only 142 have received improvements. The paint program relies on federal housing grants. Officials also knew early on that paint fixes were temporary. Levels dropped dramatically when work wrapped up. But in 44 percent of homes retested in 2001, "hazardous levels" of lead showed in at least one sample just 10 to 17 months later. "Our reaction isn't going to be to question the success of the Lead Hazard Reduction Program" based on one report, said Jonathan Modie, a spokesman for the Oregon Health Authority. Portland found similar results three different times between 2007 and 2013. About 100 of 1,800 homes were retested over the years. According to the most recent review, "significant sources of lead contamination" remained in 47 percent of homes that received follow-up testing three years ago. Bedroom floors at some retested homes during that last report had lead levels 10 to 72.5 times greater than the federal hazard level, which is 40 micrograms per square foot. Jonathan Wilson, research director for the National Center for Healthy Housing, praised Portland for conducting follow-up testing. But he said such high levels are a concern. "The program should be trying to figure out how they could get these levels lower," he said. Martha Calhoon, a city spokeswoman, said officials use different numbers to gauge success. In the past three years, officials found 13 children with elevated levels of lead in their blood because of problems in their homes. The city's program paid for fixes. "The children we are able to protect from lead-based paint hazards are the measure of this program's success," Calhoon wrote in an email. Lead levels remain high at Nicole Ball's bungalow in Northeast Portland. In 2009, Ball received a roughly $15,000 grant to replace her lead-caked windows. With kids 4 and 7 years old, she considered it a "huge gift." But follow-up testing months later found a high lead sample on a bedroom floor. The Oregonian/OregonLive returned last month — seven years later — and found continued problems. The news organization gathered dust samples from eight locations throughout the house. Two floor samples recorded levels double and triple hazard standards. "I'm inclined to do something about it," she said. Portland wins award; homeowners at risk Progress has been mixed in other areas. In 2004, the U.S. Government Accountability Office praised Portland's education work. A year later, the EPA gave Portland an award for raising awareness about lead hazards facing children. But there were challenges, too. As early as 2003, officials said education efforts were "effective in some areas but not others." In 2007, a report recommended better customer service for a lead hotline after nearly half of surveyed callers expressed negative comments. A program to raise awareness about water in high-risk homes "does not appear to be very successful," the same report read. Portland's free water testing program hasn't reached its potential, either. Testing requests are high in the first half of the year but then plummet by about two-thirds. The reason: Portland promotes the service in water bills only at the start of the year. Why not advertise more often? "Cost logistics," said Scott Bradway, Portland's lead hazard reduction manager. Records show Portland's annual spending on education, outreach and testing has hovered at $450,000 since 2002, even as the bureau's operating budget swelled. Only now, with an influx of testing requests, have costs spiked to $666,000. Wiley Wyss and Rachel Conrad could have benefited from testing – and aggressive water treatment. The 20-somethings bought a Southwest Portland starter home in 2013. Portland used to test water at the home, built in 1985, as part of compliance requirements. It repeatedly found high levels until it stopped testing there in 2002. Fourteen years later, lead levels in the home remain high. Water from the bathroom tested above the federal action level, at 17.7 parts per billion according to an analysis performed for The Oregonian/OregonLive. Wyss said the couple probably wouldn't have bought the house if they'd known. Conrad said she's frustrated Portland hasn't minimized its lead levels. "It kind of feels like it was swept under the rug a little bit," she said. "I would have liked to have known this would have been a risk for us." Time to re-evaluate Portland Commissioner Nick Fish has overseen the Water Bureau since 2013.Randy L. Rasmussen/The Oregonian  Portland could minimize lead in its water by adding more chemicals to increase pH and alkalinity. That change would reduce corrosion. Those standards were confirmed by outside technical experts in 2003. The city sought the advice because early attempts at light treatment failed to keep levels low enough. Building a temporary facility, with enough chemical capacity to actually minimize lead levels, would have cost just $3 million at the time. But experts didn't recommend moving forward. They figured Portland could save money and wait until it dealt with other federal mandates: shutting down open-air reservoirs and treating water for a parasite called cryptosporidium. Those improvements were expected by 2012. But Portland fought them. The city won an exception for cryptosporidium. And work on its underground reservoirs won't finish until 2020. "When people realized they weren't going to build the additional facilities," said Rhodes Trussell, an engineer on the advisory committee, "they could have re-evaluated." On Tuesday, the Portland City Council will consider long-term treatment options, with a decision expected next summer. Officials say improvements wouldn't be ready until 2022. Construction could cost $15 million. Portland Commissioner Nick Fish, in charge of the Water Bureau since 2013, declined to address past decisions or concerns from the EPA. Fish said any decision about water treatment, "if we can do better," will be based on "good science and Portland values." Boston offers a likely glimpse into Portland's future. In the 1990s, Portland and Boston shared similarly high lead levels in high-risk homes. Both had corrosive water. Both stored water in open reservoirs. Both considered alternatives. Ultimately, Boston's water provider agreed to minimize lead. Water in the top 10 percent of Boston's high-risk homes tested above 6.2 parts per billion last fall. Portland was more than double this spring, at 13.1. "We're satisfied," said Stephen Estes-Smargiassi, director of planning and sustainability for the Massachusetts Water Resources Authority. Why didn't Boston pitch an alternative? Because when it came to creativity, regulators "were not as enthused as the folks out west." "You can't get in trouble as a regulator," he said, "if you just stick with the rule." -- Brad Schmidt Reporter Rob Davis contributed to this report. bschmidt@oregonian.com 503-294-7628 @cityhallwatch What do Portland city employees make? Searchable database City government pay AM News Snapshot The day's important news, including local and national headlines, delivered every morning. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for subscribing! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Most Read Active Discussions About Us About OregonLive.com Advertise with us Contact the newsroom Frequently Asked Questions Join our team Our Journalists Contact Subscriber Services Subscribe Today The Oregonian Email Newsletters Already a Subscriber Manage your Subscription Delivery Feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment OregonLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Clackamas County Clark County Gresham Portland Washington County More Local News Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on OregonLive.com Forums Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram | Tumblr Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Oregon Live LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Oregon Live LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
null
Watch Dogs 2 walkthrough, guide A guide to the many activities in the open-world sequel. How to transfer PS4 data to PS4 Pro Carry over saves, profiles, game downloads and more. Sign in Create an account Username Password Forgotten your details? Reviews News Recommended Games Videos Digital Foundry Release Dates Guides Forum Loading... hold tight! Eurogamer.net Follow @eurogamer Home Articles PlayStation 4 Tech Analysis: 4K gaming on PlayStation 4 Pro How Sony's new console tackles ultra HD - and the options available in connecting to a 4K screen. By Richard Leadbetter Published 09/10/2016 It all seems to have rather gone rather quiet for PlayStation 4 Pro, mere weeks before the system's launch. What's clear is that anyone who didn't attend the PlayStation Meeting in person a couple of weeks back still hasn't seen much of what the system is capable of. Follow-up downloadable media released in the wake of the event has mostly been bereft of quality and doesn't showcase the hardware favourably. Meanwhile, the first public reveal of the system at EGX recently was limited to just six units running just one title - Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare. With just over a month to go before the new console launches, the lack of exposure for the system is puzzling. There are many reasons to be optimistic about the hardware's chances, principally because the software I've seen - principally Days Gone and Horizon Zero Dawn - looks impressive. They're not launch titles, of course, but they perhaps hint at the kind of quality we may see more generally a couple of months on from release. More than that, the price-point of the PlayStation Pro - $399/£349 - makes the hardware a no-brainer for new console buyers as we move into the holiday season. The bottom line is this. While we can fully expect bundling deals and special offers to drive down prices on existing hardware, the retail pricing for PS4 Pro is undeniably compelling - $100/£100 more than the new CUH-2000 'Slim' PlayStation 4 model buys you 31 per cent of extra CPU power, 2.3x the GPU grunt, faster RAM and twice the storage space. As things stand, the base PS4 is suddenly looking very expensive for what it offers, relatively. How PS4 Pro connects to your display Connectivity between PS4 Pro and a 4K screen is very simple. In the resolution area of the video output settings, two new options join the existing 720p, 1080i and 1080p selectables. These are, in turn, 2160p YUV420 and 2160p RGB. 2160p YUV420 is interesting in that this allows PS4 Pro to connect to older 4K screens that lack the full HDMI 2.0 implementation. By reducing chroma information, the required bandwidth drops down in half, allowing HDMI 1.4 screens to get a full 60Hz signal. The compromise is that hard reds, blues and greens can show low resolution artefacting. However, in our tests, we've found that it's not an issue in a typical living room environment. 2160p RGB doubles the bandwidth requirement, meaning HDMI 2.0 is a must, and sends the framebuffer through losslessly to the 4K screen. What's curious here is that PlayStation VR's external processing box only seems to support HDMI 1.4, meaning that Pro functionality is limited to 2160p YUV420 - and HDR won't work either. Both 2160p RGB and HDR will require PSVR users to disconnect the external processor and hook up the console directly to the screen. This is not ideal, obviously. If it all sounds like a bit of a minefield, another new option is added to PS4 Pro's video output settings, called 'video output information'. Selecting this confirms the resolution and colour format (RGB etc) of the connected display, and whether HDR is supported or not. The HDCP level of the screen is also revealed. If an HDMI 1.4 receiver is detected, you are warned that certain 4K material (we assume video streaming from the likes of Netflix etc) may not display at 4K. A new HDR option has recently been added to the front-end of all consoles, and we've quickly tested Deus Ex: Mankind Divided on the base PS4. It is outputting a 1080p signal with HDR information to the display - a standard we weren't even aware of as existing until recently. We believe that it may be a recent addition to the HDMI 2.0b spec, and it requires that the PS4 is placed in full-range RGB output mode in order to work (we saw a very washed out image in limited range mode). By pricing PlayStation 4 Pro in line with the original PS4's launch cost, Sony has realised that there's a certain price ceiling acceptable for a mainstream console launch, and while the omission of the UHD Blu-ray drive is a bad move for a device aimed at the higher end, more discerning user, it's clearly a business decision aimed at getting as many consoles into homes as quickly as possible. Keeping the price low also helps to address the key concern about the hardware, which is pretty simple: to what extent does it actually improve the visual experience? Before addressing that, it's worth pointing out that the relatively small price bump from PS4 to Pro means that even if you're buying just for more refined performance, excellent anti-aliasing and 2x the storage, you're still not getting a bad deal. Thoughts and analysis on PlayStation 4 Pro, a couple of weeks on from the reveal. And that's important, because the pitch Sony has made has - at best - been rather shaky thus far. And what's concerning is that Microsoft's Project Scorpio proposition is basically the same. While both platform holders are giving developers carte blanche to use the new hardware as they see fit in terms of enhancing their games, the basic aim of the new kit is all about running existing games at higher resolutions, leveraging the advantages offered by 4K screens. The difference is, essentially, about pixel counts - as became clear in the recent Eurogamer interview with Microsoft. "[Sony is] talking about checkerboard rendering and up-scaling and things like that," says Microsoft's Albert Penello. "There are just a lot of asterisks in their marketing around 4K, which is interesting because when we thought about what spec we wanted for Scorpio, we were very clear we wanted developers to take their Xbox One engines and render them in native, true 4K. That was why we picked the number, that's why we have the memory bandwidth we have, that's why we have the teraflops we have, because it's what we heard from game developers was required to achieve native 4K." What you won't hear from Sony or Microsoft are the magic words - 60 frames per second - because fundamentally, both PlayStation 4 Pro and Scorpio are based on a similar technological base with the same key limitation in place: a hard and fast lack of choice on available x86 CPU technology. Hopes linger that Scorpio utilises AMD's new Zen architecture, but having already announced eight CPU cores in its next console, this seems highly unlikely. AMD's own eight-core Zen CPU targets Intel's high-end Broadwell-E processor as competition - and those processors start at $400/£400. Performance analysis of Horizon Zero Dawn in its preview state. What's clear is that most PS4 Pro titles will scale up resolution as opposed to handing in a 60fps frame-rate. The attempt to sell a mid-gen console refresh is therefore based on the idea of the user owning or upgrading to a 4K screen - something that's very hard to market to users who don't own the technology. On top of that, it really helps if you own the right 4K display, principally one that supports high dynamic range. Oh, and do make sure that it's the right HDR screen. Many otherwise excellent screens accept the input, then scale it back to SDR - rather like the Samsung KU6400 we reviewed yesterday. Others support HDR, but aren't particularly bright, meaning you need to play in a darkened room to get the best effect. Meanwhile, some of the best and the brightest HDR screens - such as the Samsung KS8000 series - don't support low latency game modes when working with HDR content, adding over 100ms to lag. It's a minefield. The question boils down to this: is 4K really worth it? And the answer to that is pretty straightforward - it definitely is. The detail increase is profound in its own right and moves into a different level entirely with HDR engaged. And the notion of a £350/$400 box able to service this resolution effectively represents a phenomenal value proposition, when a PC capable of doing the same job costs at least twice as much. However, In terms of enticing users towards upgrading their displays, much work remains to be done. All of the 4K content seen at the PlayStation Meeting is clearly and obviously a substantial visual upgrade over 1080p, even if it isn't actually native 4K. Sony's approach with the PS4 Pro is to treat ultra HD as a canvas for higher resolution gameplay, as opposed to a hard and fast pixel count that must be adhered to at all times. The quality of the upscaling varies on a title by title basis, but at its best, in living room conditions, it looks close to native. The principle behind the 'checkerboard' scaling is pretty straightforward - a 2x2 pixel structure is extrapolated up to 4x4, apparently using new hardware built into PS4 Pro's GPU, so there is no cost to developers. The real question is how the hardware does the job. This Deus Ex: Mankind Divided shot resolves at 3360x1890, but it may well be checkerboarding to get there before a conventional 4K upscale kicks in. When we saw the game in motion, artefacts were emphasised by the game's severe sharpening filter. Mark Cerny is apparently going to reveal more soon, but we're currently inclined to believe that a temporal component is involved - that information from previous frames is collated and used to help extrapolate the additional pixels. Perhaps we're looking at a more refined, non-interlaced version of the kind of technique used in Killzone Shadowfall's temporal upscaling. There's more evidence of this in Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare. Playing the game at EGX on PS4 Pro hardware, Tom Morgan and John Linneman noted a perfectly mapped 4K output on static scenes, with some checkerboard fringing in motion. Owing to the extreme pixel density of 4K displays, the artefacts aren't so intrusive in motion. Returning to the PlayStation Meeting, Horizon and Days Gone really were the highlights in terms of producing a 4K presentation that could pass as native, but Infamous First Light was also striking. Sucker Punch's title also revealed a potential limitation of the technique - I noted some fuzzy fringe artefacting on alpha effects where the checkerboard isn't fully filled out, and similarly I saw something that looked very similar on Nathan Drake's hair in the Uncharted 4 demo. The difference between the two was that the artefact seemed to persist on the Naughty Dog demo, whereas I only spotted the issue on Infamous when the game paused to drop into Photo Mode. The commonality here is that it's alpha effects that are affected. We're also inclined to believe that checkerboarding can be used to scale up to an intermediate resolution - such as 1800p or thereabouts - before a standard upscale kicks in. This may explain the Deus Ex: Mankind Divided screenshot on this page. Pixel counting suggests a 7/8 pixel ratio, giving us 3360x1890. However, there are no checkerboard artefacts at all, initially leading us to think that's a simple, conventional upscale in place here. However, our hands-on time with Call of Duty showing just how good the technology works on static scenes suggests that this Deus Ex shot may have been taken from a relatively static image. It's certainly at odds with our perception of the title in motion at the PlayStation Meeting, where the artefacts were actually amplified by the game's overly intrusive sharpening filter. Another title that may combine checkerboarding and upscaling is Mass Effect Andromeda - though we really need better media to work with than is currently available. First video and analysis of Mantis Pro Racing on PS4 Pro - running at full-fat ultra HD at 60fps. But one comment in particular from a Sony developer I spoke to at the PlayStation Meeting stands out - that there's more to the PlayStation 4 Pro than the checkerboard upscaling alone, along with Mark Cerny's comment that the new hardware has "adopted many new features from the AMD Polaris architecture as well as several even beyond it". We already know that the revised AMD GCN cores available in the PS4 Pro are able to process two 16-bit floating point operations in the time taken for the base PS4 hardware to complete one, meaning that revised, Pro-optimised shader code can be much faster. On top of this, we now understand that the Pro GPU includes custom hardware for accelerating virtual reality. While we're still chasing down the precise detail here, logical steps forward would be akin to what we've seen in Nvidia's hardware - stereo geometry processing, and multi-resolution shading. The latter in particular is a big deal: it would allow Pro developers to concentrate GPU resources on elements of the scene that are actually visible, as opposed to fully processing the periphery of the viewport, with resolution literally wasted in the final lens warp. The question is really to what extent this is actually custom hardware developed by Sony, or whether we are looking at elements of AMD technology that have indeed been harvested from future Radeon kit. An interesting, albeit unverified report arrived this week discussing how the upcoming Vega architecture increases efficiency from the GCN shaders, and you can't help but wonder whether Sony already has access to this technology in the Pro based on what we've learned about the hardware so far. Similarly, we are curious about whether the relationship with AMD works both ways - the option to use checkerboarding in the PC space could be very interesting. With so many 23-inch and 27-inch 4K displays on the market, exhibiting extreme pixel densities, checkerboarding artefacts would be very hard to pick up on, even in a desktop environment with the user closer to the screen. Some titles may well be checkerboarding up to something in the region of 1800p before upscaling up to 4K. Mass Effect Andromeda is perhaps a case in point. It doesn't sound ideal, but the presentation on this title at the PlayStation Meeting was still very impressive. More interesting is that the fundamentals of the GPU design are more ambitious than we previously believed. PS4's GPU effectively uses a modified version of the Pitcairn design used in the Radeon HD 7850 and HD 7870. Xbox One is based on the Bonaire Radeon HD 7790 and R7 260X. With that in mind, when it was revealed that PS4 Pro features 36 compute units, it seemed that Polaris 10 integration in the new PS4 Pro processor was a lock. However, what's clear is that the new console is different, more functionally rich in some respects and much more of a custom design than its predecessor. It also helps to explain why there is not an existing Radeon part (that we know of, at least) on the roadmap that's a good candidate for Project Scorpio's six teraflop GPU. PS4 and Xbox One were built in an era where the future of console hardware was in doubt, where both Sony and Microsoft were conservative in their designs compared to Xbox 360 and PS3. With PS4 Pro and Scorpio, both platform holders know that they have a strong userbase leading to more ambitious designs. Thus far, everything we've seen so far suggests that the PS4 Pro is a really interesting piece of hardware, and we really can't wait to really put it through its paces. However, while remaining generally optimistic about the machine having seen some of its demos, there are some aspects where we should sound a note of caution. Firstly, while scaling up existing games to 4K (whether natively or via checkerboarding) inevitably leads to a cleaner, crisper, more impressive image than the base PS4's 1080p standard, it's our contention that other aspects of the presentation need to scale with it - and there have been signs that this could be challenging. Our Rise of the Tomb Raider PS4 Pro vs PC comparison highlights that the new console lacks the memory to house the top-tier textures put together by Crystal Dynamics. Instead, the artwork is a match for the Xbox One title. By and large this is not a huge issue during gameplay, but the high-end artwork requires little in the way of additional GPU computational resources but clearly makes much more of the stratospheric pixel count. It's an enhancement that - fundamentally - is worth having, but the PS4 Pro retains the same 8GB of GDDR5 as its older sibling, meaning that mostly the same assets will be used as the base 1080p titles. Crystal Dynamics told us that Rise of the Tomb Raider resolves to a 2160p framebuffer, but wouldn't go further. We believe it's using the checkerboard upscaling technique and you can see how it compares in this PS4 Pro vs PC comparison. Secondly, my colleagues John Linneman and Tom Morgan noted that the EGX demo of Infinite Warfare on PS4 Pro hardware appeared to use low levels of anisotropic filtering - the same as the base PS4 version. Texture filtering and the lack of it is a continuing issue with current-gen consoles generally, and doesn't look great at 1080p. Clearly, it will be more of an issue at 4K, regardless of whether you're upscaling or rendering natively. And finally, there's the issue of performance. We expect more from the Pro, but according to both John and Tom, the EGX demo of Call of Duty Infinite Warfare appeared to exhibit frame-rate drops more severe than the base version of the game. It should be pointed out that different content was running, and obviously the title may still have had development time remaining, but at the PlayStation Meeting, Deus Ex also seemed to run slower than the existing PS4 game. Assuming this is borne out in actual testing of final code, this is actually in breach of Sony's technical requirements for PS4 Pro titles. The platform holder has been stringent about upholding performance standards in PSVR so we hope the same applies to Pro software. And this highlights another concern we have right now: even if we factor in PS4 Pro's enhancements, the fact is that generally speaking, boosting a GPU's compute capability needs to be matched with increased memory throughput to get the most out of it - and PS4 Pro's 25 per cent increase in bandwidth seems a little lackluster compared to the 2.3x boost to compute throughput. As a counter-point, we should point out that AMD's RX 480 competes well with the outgoing R9 390, despite a huge shortfall in memory bandwidth between the new hardware and the old. Native 4K or upscaling isn't really our primary concern with the Pro. Performance is looking a little shaky on preview code that's pretty close to completion, as seen in Call of Duty Infinite Warfare, as played at the PlayStation Meeting. All of which helps to puts the spec for Microsoft's Project Scorpio into perspective. The bandwidth boost we would expect is there, the additional compute power is there and unless the Xbox designers are using cutting-edge G5X memory, it'll have a 4GB memory advantage too. Certainly, the motherboard renderings revealed at E3 do seem to show 12 memory modules in a clamshell arrangement around the main processor, suggesting a 50 per cent uplift in memory allocation vs PS4 and Xbox One. Just as much of a giveaway is the fact that Microsoft is building games right now that include high detail artwork designed to look good on 4K displays, requiring more memory than you'll find in the standard Xbox One. Battlefield 1 guide, tips and tricks From weapons to class strategies for the WW1 shooter. At the time of its initial reveal, the notion of Microsoft touting "the highest quality pixels" for Project Scorpio sounded ridiculous - and maybe the point was badly phrased - but we've always been clear that is that there is more to image quality than pixel count alone. Time and time again we've seen either very little difference in quality between two images with different resolutions, or Xbox One titles presenting more detail than PS4 equivalents owing to much improved anisotropic filtering. "Higher quality pixels" - assuming we're referring to increased texture quality, decent anisotropic filtering and fewer post-processing compromises - may suggest that the next-gen console head-to-heads may be more interesting than the basic 1080p vs 900p differentials we tend to see in the here and now on current-gen console hardware. With PS4 Pro arriving imminently, we get the feeling it won't be too long before Microsoft shows Scorpio in action and at that point we should get a good measure of what the new Xbox offers. After all, the message from the Xbox team for the next 12 months is essentially going to be about how much more you could get by holding fire on a new console purchase. But the fundamental challenge remains in marketing what these machines are truly capable of, and it's equally applicable to both platform holders. We need to see 4K looking at its best, as a tangible upgrade to full HD, and somehow, we need a way of showing just how much HDR brings to the table. In a world of 1080p SDR screens, that isn't going to be easy. Sometimes we include links to online retail stores. If you click on one and make a purchase we may receive a small commission. For more information, go here. About Richard Leadbetter Rich has been a games journalist since the days of 16-bit and specialises in technical analysis. Commonly known around Eurogamer as the Blacksmith of the Future. From the web Sponsored links by Taboola Subscribe to The Eurogamer.net Daily. The 10 most popular stories of the day, delivered at 5pm UK time. Never miss a thing. Comments (297) Comments for this article are now closed, but please feel free to continue chatting on the forum! Order Oldest Newest Best Worst Score -25 -10 -1 0 +1 +10 +25 Is your PC really ready for VR? Developers and insiders advise on how much horsepower you really need. Loading... hold tight! Mobile Desktop Staff Contact us Policy centre Cookies Corporate site Twitter Facebook RSS Gamer Network Eurogamer.be Eurogamer.cz Eurogamer.de Eurogamer.dk Eurogamer.es Eurogamer.it Eurogamer.net Eurogamer.nl Eurogamer.pl Eurogamer.pt Eurogamer.se Brasilgamer.com.br GamesIndustry.biz Rock, Paper, Shotgun VG247.com VG247.it VG247 Türkiye NintendoLife.com USgamer.net Metabomb: Hearthstone Guides Metabomb: Heroes of the Storm Guides Metabomb: Overwatch Guides Metabomb: WOW Legion Guides Gamer's Edition Jelly Deals Hosted by dx.net
null
Libreboot project Downloads Documentation Buy libreboot laptops Donate to libreboot Report a bug Submit a patch GPG keys Mirroring libreboot What systems are compatible with libreboot? How to install libreboot Libreboot is a free BIOS or UEFI replacement (free as in freedom); libre boot firmware that initializes the hardware and starts a bootloader for your operating system. It's also an open source BIOS, but open source fails to promote freedom; please call libreboot free software. Libreboot is a long-time member of the Peers Community project, an organisation that supports Free Software and provides infrastructure, e.g. Git hosting. Questions? Read the FAQ or join #libreboot IRC (freenode) You can also contact the developers - Sign up to our newsletter for release announcements! Libreboot quit the GNU project on 15 September 2016, in protest of discrimination against a transgender person at the Free Software Foundation. -- UPDATE: GNU refuses to let libreboot go, despite everything, in a further unjust act - Here are 5 reasons why your project should never join GNU. Please back the TALOS workstation crowdfunding campaign. This is new, modern, powerful hardware (comparable to Intel) being manufactered with IBM POWER8 processors. It will come with libreboot preinstalled. Why use libreboot? Many people use non-free proprietary boot firmware, even if they use a free operating system. Non-free BIOS/UEFI firmware often contains backdoors, can be slow and have severe bugs, where you are left helpless at the mercy of the developers; you have no freedom over your computing. By contrast, libreboot is building a world where everyone can use, study, adapt and share software, with true control and ownership over their technology. In other words, you should use Libreboot for your freedom's sake! Libreboot is faster, more secure and more reliable than most non-free firmware, and can provide many advanced features (such as encrypted /boot/, GPG signature checking before booting your kernel, ability to load an OS from the flash chip, and more). Libreboot's main upstream providers are coreboot (which we deblob, for hardware initialization), depthcharge (bootloader, and default libreboot payload on ARM), and GRUB (bootloader, and default libreboot payload on x86). We also integrate flashrom (for installing libreboot), and several of our own utilities, scripts and configuration files. All of this is integrated into a single, coherent package that is easy to use. We add our own patches to the various upstreams used, and where feasible try to merge upstream as much as possible. Libreboot provides a fully automated build system and installation process, with documentation written for non-technical users, in an attempt to make the software as easy to use as possible. ROM images are provided, along with utilities, all built from the publicly distributed source code. Learn more about libreboot This source code for this page is available from a git repository.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Europe not investigating Google tax deals The European Commission has said it is not looking into Google's European tax arrangements as part of its probe into whether the tech giant is abusing its market position. By Chris Duckett | October 10, 2016 -- 23:33 GMT (16:33 PDT) | Topic: Legal The European Union regulator investigating whether Alphabet unit Google is abusing its market power has not extended its scrutiny to the tech giant's tax deals with national authorities across Europe, the bloc's antitrust chief has said. Margrethe Vestager, who in recent months ordered Apple to pay up to €13 billion in back taxes to Ireland, and Starbucks up to €30 million to the Dutch tax office, said Google is not on her radar for now. What's Hot on ZDNet Why Samsung's Harman purchase will be seen as Apple blunder decades from now Nintendo announces release date for Super Mario Run on iOS Why automation is finally revolutionizing quick service restaurants and what it means for jobs Major Linux security hole gapes open "So far, no, we have nothing formal on that one," Vestager told reporters. She said she had not received any formal complaint from the Scottish National Party, which in January sent a letter to the European Commission concerning Google's £130 million back tax deal with British tax authorities which some British politicians criticised as a derisory amount. Vestager also defended the slow pace of the commission's antitrust cases against Google, saying she wanted the shopping case to be water-tight. This first case has dragged on since 2010, when her predecessor kicked off the investigation. "I am as sorry as you and everyone else that antitrust work is taking a lot of time," she told European lawmakers earlier on Monday. "But it is also a sign that this is a case that is building in its strength as well as a case which is of course strictly following our procedures to make sure that also here we build up the rule of law." Vestager said she does not know when she will issue a decision, but said the case is a very high priority for her. In the shopping case, Google has been accused of favouring its shopping service over those of rivals in internet search results. In May, reports suggested Google faced a fine in the order of €3 billion from the European Commission following three failed attempts to compromise with the tech giant over the six-year period of the investigation. The commission can fine firms up to 10 percent of their annual sales, which in Google's case would be a maximum possible sanction of more than €6 billion. The biggest antitrust fine to date was a €1.1 billion fine imposed on chip-maker Intel in 2009. Google has also been charged with blocking rivals in online search advertising and doing the same with dominant Android mobile operating system. In April, the commission delivered its preliminary view on the matter, stating that Google has abused its dominant position by imposing restrictions on Android device manufacturers and network operators. "Based on our investigation thus far, we believe that Google's behaviour denies consumers a wider choice of mobile apps and services and stands in the way of innovation by other players, in breach of EU antitrust rules," Vestager said at the time. This follows the Russian Federal Antimonopoly Service (FAS) making a similar ruling in March against a Google appeal. Russia has stepped up its rhetoric against US software firms, drafting a new law requiring Russian government agencies to give preference to open source and to block US software from computer systems, citing security concerns. Google's Paris office was raided in May as part of the French government seeking €1.6 billion in back taxes. "The investigation aims to verify whether Google Ireland Ltd has a permanent base in France and if, by not declaring parts of its activities carried out in France, it failed its fiscal obligations, including on corporate tax and value added tax," the prosecutor's office said at the time. Google has based its regional headquarters in Dublin, where corporate tax rates are lower than elsewhere in Europe. With AAP Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Telcos Telcos asked to speak out against national security Bill for third time Telcos Obama gives up on TPP following election of free trade-averse Trump Security Asia must adopt 'data protection by design' in IoT era Security Brandis introduces telco national security legislation in Parliament × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
LIVE CHAT We're here to help. Would you like to chat now? Chat now X Not now
Featured Story: Adam Cosco's Short Film 'KNIVES' Ups the Ante on Virtual Reality Moviemaking Virtual Reality News: Bringing the impossible worlds of our imagination to life. — Next Reality News: I Entered THE VOID & Its Incredibly Immersive Approach to VR Blew Me Away Adam Dachis last month I Entered THE VOID & Its Incredibly Immersive Approach to VR Blew Me Away What happens when a entrepeneur/theme park creator and special effects artist/magician team up? You get a team crazy enough to create the first true virtual reality theme park (sorry, Six Flags). They only have a single experience so far, but it's already taken a giant leap beyond the wonders we've seen in today's consumer virtual reality headsets. I get introduced to my vest and helmet before entering THE VOID. Image via NextReality The Massive Power of Illusion Through an incredible confluence of machinery and clever software "magic," THE VOID manufactured a false reality so convincing that knowing it's fake is next to meaningless. Last week, I took a trip to Lindon, Utah to visit THE VOID's home base. It doesn't look like much more than a standard set of offices attached to a giant warehouse. While that might sound awfully unimpressive, that's actually what makes the place so cool. It looks incredibly mundane, but once you're in their gear, you see how they've figured out how to transform the ordinary into practically anything. After trying out their first experience, I sat down with THE VOID spokesperson Whitney Thomas to find out how this all happened and where it's headed. You can watch our full interview in the video below. If it doesn't convince you that this company designed a major piece of the future of entertainment, read on and I'll do my best to fix that. After months with the Microsoft HoloLens and too many hours in TiltBrush, I didn't think I would, again, experience a leap in technology like that for several years. THE VOID proved me wrong. When the Oculus Rift finally created real potential for a consumer virtual reality experience, it had to make many sacrifices. At first it wasn't more than a headset and controller, but then HTC released the Vive and added room scale to the conversation. Even still, these technologies come with several limitations—and we'll get to those later—but almost no one considered what it would take if they didn't. THE VOID saw the possibilities of a far more immersive VR experience and realized they could create it if they sacrificed one thing: home use. Image via THE VOID Despite promising experiments, sensory augmentation beyond vision and sound don't really exist in a device consumers can implement in their homes. THE VOID realized it could surpass the current technical limitations if it had complete control over the physical environment outside of a home environment. Through an incredible confluence of machinery and clever software "magic," they manufactured a false reality so convincing that knowing it's fake is next to meaningless. THE VOID will immerse you and create an amazing sense of presence—whether you like it or not. It All Begins with Remarkable Technology If you've built a VR rig for the Oculus Rift or HTC Vive, you know how much power those headsets need to deliver a great experience. Furthermore, that setup comes with several drawbacks. Because Rift and Vive both require connections to the computer, you can only travel so far from the machine before the "leash" on the back of your head will stop you. Room scale is a bit of a misnomer. It doesn't scale to your room, but rather a limited portion of it. Image by Adam Dachis/NextReality THE VOID will immerse you and create an amazing sense of presence—whether you like it or not. We love room scale VR—just like 82% of SteamVR users—but I've personally found the Vive to require at least a little fine-tuning most times I turn it on (and I'm not alone). If you don't wind up paying extra for cameras and motion controllers for the Oculus Rift, you lose out on this great experience altogether. Both products produce some amazing experiences, but they're not plug and play. Early adopters of virtual reality products have their work cut out for them. Why does this matter? Take a minute and think about the work required to just build a working computer and set up a Vive in your home. (If you need help imagining the frustration, read this and this.) While most people with a fair amount of patience and intelligence can handle this task, it's not for the faint of heart. Now imagine building that all into a backpack that weighs just two pounds more than Apple's tiny intergalactic trash can, the Mac Pro. Me, as I finish suiting up (with help, because I'm dumb) and prepare to enter the Ghostbusters: Dimension experience. Image via NextReality That little computer packs a lot of power, but so does a VR rig regardless of its housing. The vests built by THE VOID use powerful CPUs and GPUs, shield those parts from damage and dissipate heat efficiently to avoid harming the user, and run off of a quick-swap battery for about an hour. They also took surround sound headphones and an Oculus Rift—both of which may be replaced by more robust, proprietary alternatives in the future—and created a custom helmet to house them. Oh, and it includes a built-in microphone as well so you can talk to others in the experience with you. THE VOID's Rapture head-mounted display (HMD) that provides the illusions of sight and sound. Image via THE VOID That's just the hardware you wear—and it's shockingly comfortable, in my opinion. Putting on the vest felt like slipping on laser tag gear, except without the awkward shoulder pads and clunky plastic parts. While the suit doesn't provide the absurd flexibility of an Enflux motion controller, it's remarkably light and manageable. Beyond that, you have the event stage for your experience with many cameras tracking your every move. I went through THE VOID's Ghostbusters: Dimension experience, like the one you can check out now at Madame Tussauds in New York City. The video below will show you a lot of what I saw, but you're missing the point of THE VOID if you're only analyzing the visuals. While I couldn't photograph the stage where the experience took place, I can tell you a bit about how it works (and you can see limited shots in the videos/images in this post). You walk around in an otherwise unremarkable room, but you don't see it. You see the augmented version in your virtual reality display. When you touch something in the space, you feel it. Walking through a door requires reaching out, touching the door knob, turning it, and walking through. When a virtual object touches you, the experience provides tactile feedback—the vest vibrates. In some cases, you'll feel smoke and temperature changes, such as when Slimer passes through you at the beginning of the game. At the end, should you defeat the final foe, you're rewarded with the undeniable scent of roasted marshmallows. As impressive as this all may be, it doesn't hold a candle to how THE VOID's software tricks your mind. The experience displays an enormous environment that takes you indoors, outdoors, and through elevators while, in physical reality, you're not moving around all that much. With subtle tricks, you feel like you're rising up in an elevator when you're not moving at all. When you step outside on a ledge, you feel it shake and the air blow past your face. You know you're safe indoors, but good luck telling your brain everything it sees, feels, hears, smells, and touches isn't actually real. THE VOID tricks you into touching the same objects and passing through the same doorways while thinking you're traversing a much larger environment. Image via THE VOID On their own, these technological achievements are still impressive. When combined, you end up with the most immersive virtual reality experience currently in existence by far. The only downside is that it's 10 minutes long and feels like it goes by so much faster. One Leap Forward Deserves Another I couldn't shake the hype before experiencing THE VOID for myself. My bar of expectation was incredibly high, and they cleared it with ease. Virtual reality takes a bit of work to set up in the home, but that will change very soon. Microsoft already demonstrated that you can do amazing things out of the box, with next to no setup, with the HoloLens—the company's amazing mixed reality headset. Idealens, Intel, Google, Samsung, and many others are hard at work creating untethered VR devices that utilize our smartphones or just work as standalone devices. Consumer technology is evolving rapidly and we'll have good, inexpensive options in the near future. That may impact more robust options somewhat, when consumers consider spending upwards of $500 on the best hardware currently available, but it won't touch THE VOID. Rather than betting on a hardware platform, they focused on creating an amazing experience first. That allowed the company to leap beyond the current capabilities of virtual reality before most of us even experience it. In the near future, they'll use that lead to do far more than create an immersive but otherwise short and linear game. A sneak peek at THE VOID's other offering, Curse of the Serpent's Eye. Image via THE VOID Don't Miss: Strange New Technologies Explore the World of Virtual Taste, Touch & Smell THE VOID's Ghostbusters experience opted for simplicity. It doesn't require complex controls—you walk, aim a gun, and pull a trigger—and guides you through the game. With very little competency, you should have no trouble winning. The game doesn't provide much of a challenge but, instead, focuses on the joy and wonder of the world it presents. Image via THE VOID Everything you do in THE VOID takes place safely indoors, but it could feel like absolutely anywhere and anything. Because you can't help but feel remarkably present in the environment, the challenge comes from adapting to this strange new world. Your base instincts go on high alert because your brain doesn't understand what it sees and feels isn't actually real. Because you don't know how everything works and what constitutes a win in the game, you can't really measure the significance of the game's challenge either. I just assume it was easy because I'm terrible at first-person shooters and I won—and I was assured it wasn't that hard. That's still just conjecture. A lack of information and doubt about your new environment plays a great role in the illusion of challenge, and THE VOID understands how to create illusions better than anything. Knowing all of that, imagine yourself in a completely open but virtual environment with little guidance or assurance. You have more time to explore. You have to figure out what to do. You can use every single one of your senses to explore a world that doesn't actually exist. While a linear experience provides a lot of fun and excitement, one with more personal control can go a lot further—and that's where THE VOID is headed. Concept of THE VOID's Virtual Entertainment Center (VEC). Image via THE VOID THE VOID plans to introduce the first virtual reality theme park. That moniker doesn't fully describe the space, however, as they told us it'll feel more like entering a movie theater at first. Like you would at the cinema, you buy a ticket for a specific time. With THE VOID, however, you don't enter a theater but, rather, a stage while enveloped by their virtual reality helmet and vest. It all takes place safely indoors, but it could feel like absolutely anywhere and anything. "Land of Dinosaurs" puts you face to face with gigantic holographic creatures in the Microsoft HoloLens. But imagine if you could reach out and touch them. Image via Zengalt While THE VOID wants to focus on rocketing light years ahead in the virtual entertainment space, they also know the virtual world offers far more possibility than just fun. In our interview, we discussed possibilities for the future and they're already brewing ideas for education and professional applications. Right now, at home, you can walk through the deep ocean on your Vive or explore the land of dinosaurs on the HoloLens, but with that you only get sight and sound. While we can only presume the possibilities, I don't think it takes much to imagine the incredible feeling of walking amongst dinosaurs, feeling their presence, and completely avoiding any danger because none of it truly exists. Just Do It Rather than betting on a hardware platform, THE VOID focused on creating an amazing experience first. That allowed the company to leap beyond the current capabilities of virtual reality before most of us even have a chance to experience it. When I see a film, I try to go in knowing as little as possible. I avoid all the hype, critiques, and opinions that I can. Once expectations are raised, they're hard to meet. I try to avoid that so I go into experiences with an open mind. That's next to impossible with VR/AR/MR when you spend your days writing about these emerging realities. For that reason, I couldn't shake the hype before experiencing THE VOID for myself. My bar of expectation was incredibly high, and they cleared it with ease. I'm not alone. Business Insider, UploadVR, Time, Polygon, and Wareable all agree—and those are just the glowing reviews I found with 60 seconds of googling for first impressions. Like with any technology, THE VOID has room for improvement. They currently employ the Oculus Rift to hijack your vision and, like all consumer headsets, the Rift could benefit from a higher resolution and greater pixel density. Image via THE VOID THE VOID told us they intend to replace the Rift with their own hardware in the future, and hopefully it'll step up the visual capabilities and set a new bar for what the digital world can look like. We've also seen odd new contraptions to augment your other senses. While not ideal, THE VOID has an enormous world to explore in their quest for full virtual immersion. Image via THE VOID Don't Miss: 'Room Scale'—Where MR Meets VR & Makes It So Much Better But what they have now is incredible, and if you have a chance to try it in New York City, Lindon, or wherever THE VOID opens next—even for the hefty price tag of $55 at Madame Tussauds—you should do it. Eat ramen for a week and save your money if necessary. You'll get a rare chance to step into our next reality and enter THE VOID for a glimpse of the future. Follow NextReality on Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube Follow WonderHowTo on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, and Google+ Cover image by Adam Dachis/NextReality Related News: Mixed Reality Is the Future of VR Gaming News: Idealens Standalone Headset Makes VR Mobile Without a Phone News: Get Trippy on the Vive with OmniPudding's Cube-Based Particle Simulator News: This Accessory Lets You Control Almost Any VR Headset with Gestures News: Oculus Demos Minecraft for Gear VR, Complete with a Side of Nausea News: This Guy Hacked Together DIY Haptic Gloves to 'Feel' VR—Here's How News: The Manus VR Gloves Bring Full Hand Tracking into the Virtual World How To: 10 Virtual Reality Apps to Get You Started with Google Cardboard CES 2015: ImmersiON-VRelia Can Turn Any Smartphone into a VR Headset News: What's the Difference Between Virtual, Augmented & Mixed Reality? News: 'Room Scale'—Where MR Meets VR & Makes It So Much Better News: Microsoft Windows Gets the Virtual Reality Treatment with Envelop VR How To: Get Full-Screen "Immersive Mode" on Android Without Rooting News: vTime Brings Human Interaction to Virtual Reality News: Pokémon GO Will Be So Much Better with a Mixed Reality Headset Behold the Glory: Watch 500 Episodes of the Simpsons at the Same Time News: Pro Sports Teams Are Turning to Tomorrow's Reality Tech for Better Player Development News: McDonald's Is Making Happy Meal Boxes That Transform into VR Headsets News: Google Chrome Is Nearly Ready to Become Your Virtual Reality Browser News: Boring (Yet Mesmerizing) VR Experiences Could Calm Anxiety & Reduce Pain News: Oculus Releases Minecraft for the Samsung Gear VR News: Valve Opens the Gates for Third-Party HTC Vive Controllers News: 3 Big Virtual & Augmented Reality Announcements We're Expecting from Google This Week How To: Blow an image away using particles in Houdini 9.5 News: Touch & Feel Things That Don't Exist with Dexmo's Exoskeleton Gloves News: Windows Holographic Is Coming to Intel's Project Alloy Cord-Cutting Headset News: AltspaceVR's Democracy Plaza Puts You in the Middle of the 2016 Election News: How Dolby Is Making 3D Sound in Augmented & Virtual Reality More Immersive How To: Selectively Enable Immersive Mode for Certain Apps on Your Nexus 7 News: Apple Just Patented This Silly Sunglasses-Lookin' VR Headset for the iPhone News: Google's Daydream May Materialize in Just Two Weeks News: Facebook Will Have AR Integrated with Oculus in 10 Years News: The HoloLens Might Have a Small Field of View, but That's Actually a Good Thing News: Enter the Void News: The Epson International Pano Awards Photography Contest - Deadline April 15, 2011 News: LG Giving Away Free Virtual Reality Headset with Purchase of a New G3 VIDEO: Great White Sharks at San O News: Get YouTube's New Layout Today with a Simple JavaScript Hack News: GO SEE. News: Galaxy S7 Preorders Open February 21st, Include Free Gear VR Be the First to Comment Share Your Thoughts You Login to Comment Click to share your thoughts Hot Latest News: I Entered THE VOID & Its Incredibly Immersive Approach to VR Blew Me Away Hands-on: Google's Daydream View Feels Like a Hot & Stiff Pair of Sweatpants on Your Face News: Adam Cosco's Short Film 'KNIVES' Ups the Ante on Virtual Reality Moviemaking News: Google's Daydream SDK Is Available Now—Here's How to Try It Out News: The Incredible VR Painting Experience Tilt Brush Adds Greater Control, 3D Models & a Word Game News: AltspaceVR's Democracy Plaza Puts You in the Middle of the 2016 Election News: A New Project Lets Scientists Strap on a Vive & Walk Right into a Cancer Cell News: Play Games & Share Live Experiences in Virtual Worlds with AltspaceVR News: Apple Just Patented This Silly Sunglasses-Lookin' VR Headset for the iPhone News: Get Trippy on the Vive with OmniPudding's Cube-Based Particle Simulator News: Leap Motion's Interaction Engine Brings Natural Gestures into Virtual Worlds News: Google's Daydream May Materialize in Just Two Weeks News: Windows Holographic Is Coming to Intel's Project Alloy Cord-Cutting Headset News: Microsoft Windows Gets the Virtual Reality Treatment with Envelop VR News: Virtual Reality Will Change How We Experience Music News: Valve Opens the Gates for Third-Party HTC Vive Controllers News: Idealens Standalone Headset Makes VR Mobile Without a Phone News: Google Chrome Is Nearly Ready to Become Your Virtual Reality Browser News: Boring (Yet Mesmerizing) VR Experiences Could Calm Anxiety & Reduce Pain News: The Manus VR Gloves Bring Full Hand Tracking into the Virtual World All Features News: I Entered THE VOID & Its Incredibly Immersive Approach to VR Blew Me Away News: Adam Cosco's Short Film 'KNIVES' Ups the Ante on Virtual Reality Moviemaking News: The Incredible VR Painting Experience Tilt Brush Adds Greater Control, 3D Models & a Word Game News: Get Trippy on the Vive with OmniPudding's Cube-Based Particle Simulator Hands-on: Google's Daydream View Feels Like a Hot & Stiff Pair of Sweatpants on Your Face How To: 10 Virtual Reality Apps to Get You Started with Google Cardboard News: A New Project Lets Scientists Strap on a Vive & Walk Right into a Cancer Cell News: Apple Just Patented This Silly Sunglasses-Lookin' VR Headset for the iPhone News: Microsoft Windows Gets the Virtual Reality Treatment with Envelop VR News: Virtual Reality Will Change How We Experience Music News: The Manus VR Gloves Bring Full Hand Tracking into the Virtual World News: Boring (Yet Mesmerizing) VR Experiences Could Calm Anxiety & Reduce Pain News: Google's Daydream SDK Is Available Now—Here's How to Try It Out News: Google Chrome Is Nearly Ready to Become Your Virtual Reality Browser News: This Is the Easiest Way to Try Out HTC's Vive Right Now News: Interactive 360-Degree Videos Are Now Live on YouTube News: Valve Opens the Gates for Third-Party HTC Vive Controllers News: Leap Motion's Interaction Engine Brings Natural Gestures into Virtual Worlds News: Google's Daydream May Materialize in Just Two Weeks News: McDonald's Is Making Happy Meal Boxes That Transform into VR Headsets All Hot Posts © 2016 WonderHowTo, Inc Sections Virtual Reality News How-Tos News Virtual Reality News News Forum Virtual Reality News Forum Virtual Reality News Virtual Reality News Home HTC Vive Mobile VR News Oculus Rift Next Reality Sites Next Reality Home Augmented Reality News Mobile AR News Google Glass Mixed Reality News HoloLens Magic Leap Meta 2 Virtual Reality News HTC Vive Mobile VR News Oculus Rift Featured Sites WonderHowTo Home Food Hacks Daily Next Reality Gadget Hacks Null Byte The Secret Yumiverse MacGyverisms Lock Picking Mad Science Mind Hacks Next Reality Sites Next Reality Home Augmented Reality News Mobile AR News Google Glass Mixed Reality News HoloLens Magic Leap Meta 2 Virtual Reality News HTC Vive Mobile VR News Oculus Rift Gadget Hacks Sites Gadget Hacks Home Android Gadget Hacks Nexus Samsung Galaxy S5 HTC One Samsung GS4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Nexus 7 Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy S6 LG G3 Amazon Fire OnePlus Samsung Galaxy S7 Galaxy Note 4 iOS Gadget Hacks Smartphones Hacks, Mods & Circuitry Digiwonk Internet Mac Tips Windows Tips Cord Cutters Tablets Tech Pr0n Featured on Next RealityInputs for the HoloLens Can Be from Any Device... Even a Smartphone
null
Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»MachineShop Bolsters Edge Computing Capabilities With Enhanced Data Acquisition and Management Services / As IoT Clouds Continue to Commoditize -- Edge Computing Becomes the Essential Link for Enterprises and OEMs 10.10.2016 | 21:34 (8 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Marketwired·Mehr Nachrichten von Marketwired MachineShop Bolsters Edge Computing Capabilities With Enhanced Data Acquisition and Management Services / As IoT Clouds Continue to Commoditize -- Edge Computing Becomes the Essential Link for Enterprises and OEMs BOSTON, MA -- (Marketwired) -- 10/10/16 -- MachineShop, the leading provider of API-based asset, device and data management products, today announced capabilities that strengthen its edge computing leadership. Today's market is flooded and confused by hundreds of competing IoT Clouds, but MachineShop has doubled-down on its MachineShop Edge product which works in close concert with not only its own cloud services but virtually any enterprise application or infrastructure platform. Edge Computing, sometimes called "Fog Computing" refers to data and device management at the edge of the network where sensors, gateways and other connected products operate either independently or in concert with cloud technologies. Edge computing is now recognized as a critical element in distributed enterprise architectures with edge, cloud and on-premise deployment models. Its value lies in three main areas: (1) intelligent filtering of data at the source which reduces network and data storage consumption (2) the ability to act, in real-time, at the source of important events without requiring the intervention of external or cloud services (3) native integration with connected assets and devices for command and control through standard, API-based services and a common governance model. Infrastructure Integrations MachineShop recently announced deep integration with AWS IoT and now offers enhanced security integration with AWS. Customers can also leverage a newly created integration "recipe" to IBMs Bluemix platform for advanced analytics and application integration capabilities. MachineShop integrations to these cloud services mean that customers and developers can immediately and securely connect edge devices their devices and their data to leading infrastructure providers through a single API call or merely checking a box in MachineShop's DeviceIQ Remote Device Management application. Simplified and Broader Device Integration - Adds Docker Container Support MachineShop Edge runs on virtually any ARM or Intel-based Linux device and connected product, enabling zero-touch deployment and configuration. Edge supports a broad range of Linux distributions and recently added Docker Container support and became a Docker partner. MachineShop now also offers out-of-the-box integration for any gateway running OpenWRT. One of the most popular router frameworks, OpenWRT allows developers to manage devices through the use of packages that suit any application and simplify network monitoring and management. Simplified Proprietary Device and Data Management Today MachineShop is making available a new set of tools and services that further simplify how applications and developers interact with proprietary IoT data formats and device management interfaces. Through these new tools, developers can now write and deploy a set of bi-directional microservice translators that run at the edge, or the cloud. These services convert vendor-specific protocols into standard JSON structure that can be interpreted and acted upon by virtually any application through hundreds of RESTful APIs that MachineShop provides. "As dozens of IoT cloud vendors fight for mindshare in the noisy market, MachineShop is focused on real edge computing - the new critical component of distributed enterprise computing," said MachineShop CEO Michael Campbell. "Organizations have invested billions of dollars in existing platforms and applications, we will be the leading enabler of these technologies and how they interact with the physical domain of connected devices and their data." About MachineShop MachineShop is an enterprise software company focused on simplifying the way organizations integrate and act upon operational data and the systems that generate it. MachineShop's offering is collection of API-based services and tools for data acquisition and integration, device management and application enablement. Through our "Internet of Services," organizations bridge the chasm between connected operational systems (OT) and their legacy IT business systems and customer applications. MachineShop is the only software company that provides a common framework for deploying and managing services at the Edge and in the Cloud. For more information, visit www.machineshop.io or follow us on Twitter @MachineShopIO. © 2016 Marketwired Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage

Free Subscription See the Current Issue Archived Issues Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search Submit News and Products Automotive Industrial Industrial Hardware Industrial Software Industrial Networking Sensors and Control Human Interface Test & Measurement Smart Energy IoT Development Kit Selector Hardware Boards Sensors Systems Development Kit Selector Dev Tools and OS RTOS Virtualization Processing DSP IP Microcontroller Programmable Logic SoC …More Networking Cloud Storage Security DIY Development Kit Selector Medical Military PLUS: Embedded TechCon Ray Zinn: Lessons from a Leader List of Authors RSS Reference Designs Dev Kit Selector Newsletters Embedded Daily IoT Design Weekly Embedded Europe E-newsletter Automotive Embedded Systems Monthly E-Letter Webcasts E-Letter OmniTier Releases MemStac - A Memcached Software Stack Supporting Tiered NVMe SSD Memory OmniTier - Leave a Comment Breakthrough Memcached software stack accelerates cloud applications with DRAM equivalent performance but at a fraction of the cost OmniTier Logo OmniTier’s MemStac — Transforming Memcached for Cloud Caching – OmniTier Inc., a cloud solutions company, announces the availability of its flagship software stack, MemStac. Designed for a tiered memory architecture utilizing NVMe SSDs and small amounts of DRAM, MemStac is capable of exceeding 7 million cache requests per second and supporting up to 4 terabytes cache capacity per server node at a fraction of the cost of today’s DRAM-only solutions. MemStac is fully Memcached compliant and can be integrated into existing cache clusters seamlessly, requiring no changes to the existing application (client) libraries. Modern cloud datacenters use extensive low-latency access DRAM caching to improve application performance. Often, insufficient cache capacity leads to excessive networking and database querying overheads, thereby slowing application performance. While DRAM-only solutions deliver excellent response time, they are relatively expensive, high power, and low capacity. By contrast, NVMe SSDs are relatively inexpensive, low power, and high capacity, but significantly lower performance than DRAM. OmniTier’s software stack, MemStac, delivers a function-optimized Memcached solution for in-memory caching in the cloud. MemStac enables the use of a cache tier combining NVMe SSDs with a small fraction of total storage resident in DRAM. MemStac’s tiered-memory architecture dramatically reduces the cost associated with server memory; datacenter operators can optimize for both capacity and response time, delivering higher application performance at a fraction of the cost of DRAM-only solutions. “The in-memory database and application platform market is projected to exceed $25 billion by 2020, with a significant portion of the revenue coming from IoT,” said Sherry Garber, partner, Convergent Semiconductors, LLC. “OmniTier’s solution addresses a critical need – that of enabling higher application performance at lower cost – of this high growth market.” Using select off-the-shelf NVMe SSDs as cache memory within a standard Intel dual-socket server, MemStac delivers native SSD performance at 3.7M operations per second (100 percent Get operations) and 3.2M operations per second (80 percent Get operations / 20 percent Set operations) for 100 byte records. With widely-used workloads, this performance increases to an industry-leading 6.1M and 4.7M operations per second, respectively, using DRAM storage at one-eighth of the cache capacity. These levels of performance are achieved with less than 1 millisecond average latency. In addition, MemStac seamlessly delivers 10GbE network-limited throughput with typical workloads exceeding 250 bytes in average size, similar to the DRAM-only open-source solutions. “Today’s DRAM-only caching architecture is inadequate for serving the cost and capacity needs of emerging large-scale applications such as in medicine, transportation, manufacturing, commerce, and IoT,” said Dr. Hemant Thapar, founder and CEO of OmniTier. “MemStac offers cloud providers the opportunity to optimize the performance, cost, and capacity as a continuum and reduce the total-cost-of-ownership by approximately 70% over a 3-year period for large capacity and high throughput deployments.” MemStac’s unique multi-threaded architecture allows better scalability over multiple cores and enhanced processor utilization when compared to standard open-source offerings, while enabling ease of installation by minimizing external sharding. To ensure durability, MemStac incorporates data handling techniques that create SSD-friendly operations to extend the device’s endurance and capacity while maintaining excellent performance characteristics. These techniques extend to more complex memory tiering based on the availability of new storage class memories. MemStac is sampling this month with selected partners. For further information, contact sales@omnitier.com. About OmniTier Inc. OmniTier Inc., founded in 2015, is a developer of high-performance, function-optimized solutions for modern datacenter infrastructure applications, including data caching, NoSQL, and real-time analytics using novel memory-management architectures. Its leadership team has a track record of delivering many “industry firsts” in data storage and access across different media types. The company currently has offices in Santa Clara, California, and Rochester, Minnesota. Topics covered in this article the cloud omnitier Storage Cloud ssd Advertisement Embedded Computing Design Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search © MMXVI Embedded Computing Design An OpenSystems Media publication. Home Archived Issues About Advertise Submit News and Products Privacy Policy Contact Last updated: Thu, 27 Oct 2016 00:58:56 +0000

Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,275 Reviews & Articles | 52,907 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: Three awesome GIGABYTE Motherboards Intel Z170 Motherboards up for grabs! TRENDING NOW: Watch Dogs 2 first impressions Home News Gaming Skyrim remaster PC specs revealed, 64-bit Windows only Skyrim: Special Edition doesn't require a high-end GPU to run, but you will need a 64-bit version of Windows to play it By: Derek Strickland | Gaming News | Posted: Oct 10, 2016 4:35 pm Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Skyrim: Special Edition has just gone gold, and Bethesda has revealed full PC spec requirements to ensure your rig is compatible with the remaster.     The biggest selling point of Skyrim: Special Edition is the game's conversion over to 64-bit, which removes the restrictive 4GB RAM cap limit for PC mods. With an unlimited RAM capacity mods can now take full advantage of high-spec PCs and offer even more amazing user-created content. Console versions of Skyrim: Special Edition also get mod support, and Sony has decided to allow PS4 Skyrim mods after all.   Read Also: How old mod compatibility works in new Skyrim: Special Edition   Skyrim remaster's PC specs aren't too demanding, and you can run the game on a GTX 470 with 1GB of VRAM or an AMD HD 7870 with 2GB of VRAM and an Intel i5-760 GPU, but you will need a 64-bit version of Windows and 8GB of RAM to run the game.   Recommended specs aren't too high either: Bethesda wants you to have at least an NVIDIA GTX 780 with 3GB of VRAM or an AMD R9 290 with 4GB VRAM and an Intel i5-2400/AMD FX-8320 CPU with 8GB of RAM.   Read Also: Skyrim remaster hits native 4K on PS4 Pro, gets mods   PC System Specs   Minimum   Windows 7/8.1/10 (64-bit Version) Intel i5-750/AMD Phenom II X4-945 8GB of RAM 12 GB free HDD space NVIDIA GTX 470 1GB /AMD HD 7870 2GB   Recommended   Windows 7/8.1/10 (64-bit Version) Intel i5-2400/AMD FX-8320 8GB of RAM 12 GB free HDD space NVIDIA GTX 780 3GB /AMD R9 290 4GB   Console Storage Needs   PS4   20 GB (North America) 33 GB (Europe)   Xbox One   17 GB (North America) 25 GB (Europe)   The game is quite small, clocking in at just 12GB on PC, but expect to fill up your space pretty fast with all those mods.   Skryim: Special Edition launches on October 28 on PS4, Xbox One and PC. NEWS SOURCES:Bethesda.net Recommended for You Dishonored 2 crap perf on PC 'totally on us' says... EVE Online goes free to play with Ascension update Telltale and Marvel making Guardians of the Galaxy... Zelda Breath of the Wild may not be a Switch launch... >> NEXT STORY: Microsoft Paint overhaul leaked, features 3D objects << PREVIOUS STORY: Half-Life VR might be in the works for HTC Vive Related Tags Skyrim Skyrim Remaster Skyrim: Special Edition PS4 Xbox One PC Bethesda Softworks The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Elder Scrolls VR Intel NVIDIA Gaming Intel AMD Sony Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts HP's new super-small PC packs Intel Xeon, M.2 SSD, more Dishonored 2 crap perf on PC 'totally on us' says dev HBO's 'Westworld' renewed for a second season NVIDIA's new supercomputer will design next-gen GPUs Apple's new $300 design book doesn't include 3.5mm jackView More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity Gigabyte X58-UD5 System Doesn't Boot Anymore! ADATA SE730 (2016) 250GB Portable SSD Review C2750DI no video/POST i can't install anything on my newly built gaming pc Samsung 960 EVO 1TB 1TB & 250GB M.2 NVMe PCIe SSD ReviewView More Forum Posts Press Releases Asius technologies crowdfunds to produce its revolutionary ADEL Drum Bionic earbuds University of Toronto selects CoolIT Systems to liquid cool signal processor for CHIME Project MSI VR One backpack PC and GS63VR Stealth Pro gaming notebook recognized as 2017 CES innovation honoree G.SKILL releases new RIPJAWS KM570 RGB mechanical gaming keyboard Next Generation Esports (NGE) launches BattleRekt tournamentView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2016 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
null
SON DAKİKA ANA SAYFA MANŞETLER SPOR EKONOMİ FİNANS MAGAZİN DÜNYA GÜNCEL GAZETELER YEREL HABERLER FOTOGALERİ VİDEO HAVA DURUMU DÖVİZ KURLARI SEÇİM NAMAZ VAKİTLERİ BURÇLAR TRENDLER TÜMÜ Lessons From Silicon Valley: Corporate Startup Engagement Fareler ve İnsanlar Yol Project Lessons From Silicon Valley: Corporate Startup Engagement 10 Ekim 2016 Pazartesi 19:04 When done right, it is a match made in heaven. If not, a massive distraction for both brands and startups. Let's figure out how this works.YouNoodle & Crowne Plaza Istanbul invite you to a morning work session where we will explore different ways for corporations and large brands to engage with. When done right, it is a match made in heaven. If not, a massive distraction for both brands and startups. Let's figure out how this works. YouNoodle & Crowne Plaza Istanbul invite you to a morning work session where we will explore  different ways for corporations and large brands to engage with startups and understand the fear of disruption. We will hear success cases from corporate startup engagements in Silicon Valley,  and finally we will go through an open floor exercise where both startups and brands will expand their horizons on how the other side really works. YouNoodle has worked with Intel, Amazon, Cisco, AT&T, PwC,  Salesforce and others on global startup engagements, and event moderator Torsten Kolind (CEO & Co founder is also speaking at Startup Istanbul on Oct 10th, 2016) has had direct conversations with over 1000 different startups about corporate opportunities. Kaynak: Etkinlik.io Haberler »Etkinlik »Haber [8845478] Etkinlik.io Silicon Valley, Istanbul, İstanbul, Cisco, Intel, Side, Tors 6 93 26 sponsored ads Tartışmalara noktayı koydu: Başkanlık, Cumhurbaşkanlığı fark etmez Aman çocuklar duymasın! Yasak aşk skandalı patladı 44'lük Özcan, 19'luk 'fındık kurdu'yla aşk yaşıyor Talep çok herkes onu istiyor, rekorları alt üst etmeye hazırlanıyor! Buraya kadarmış! Hanife'nin rüyası bitti sponsored ads ​ Ve Trump hakkında ilk kez konuştu Öfke dinmiyor! Altın Kelebek'e bir darbe de Elçin'den 4 yaşındaki kızı tecavüz ederek öldürmenin bedelini çok ağır ödedi Emre bombası patladı! Anlaştılar sponsored ads Başkent güne karla uyandı Pist 19 santim çöktü, havalimanı 3 ay kapalı Annesini 243 yerinden bıçaklayarak öldürdü, ceza almadan çıktı Yeni maaşlar şekillendi! Kim ne kadar alacak Basın toplantısını yıktı geçti: Bu akşam intihar edeceğiz İşte 31 numaralı odada yaşananlar Dünya bu görüntüleri konuşmuştu! Akıbetleri belli oldu Geceye damga vuran frikik Günlükler başını yaktı! Dayakçı kocaya 'intihara sürükledin' davası ABD polisi başkaldırdı: Trump'la işbirliği yapmayacağız Arda: Özledim... Ebru: Yoldayım Evlilikler tehlikede! İşte boşanmaların en popüler sebebi Tahliye oldu, ağlayarak hakime teşekkür etti Fenerbahçe rambo moduna geçti Okan Bayülgen geri adım attı: Kırdıklarım varsa... 'Diriliş'e yapılan saygısızlığa en sert tepki Siirt ve Tunceli Belediyelerine operasyon! Eş Başkanlar gözaltında İşte AK Parti'nin Anayasa teklifi: Cumhurlu Başkanlık! Ayrılık kararı! Birini daha yedi Kaymakamı şehit eden köstebeğin kardeşi canlı bomba çıktı Cephe hattında sıcak temas Yürek hoplatan Oxford'lu gelin adayını İranlı kaptı Yavru Vatan'ın yeni otomobili 20 liraya 350 km yol gidecek İngiltere'den resmi teklif geldi Satış hedefini tutturamayan çalışanlara akılalmaz ceza Yüzü başka, elleri başka yaşta! Araplar çıldırdı, THY pilotlarına servet ödedi Soyunma odasında röntgenci skandalı Ayrıldıklarını açıklayan ikiliden büyük sürpriz Adana'da üzücü olay! Eşiyle konuşurken hayatını kaybetti Bu savaş böyle bitmez! Irak'ın şovu elinde patladı Ölümüne atladı! Arkadaşları bu hareket için dua etmeli Zonguldaklı Mesut hayatının imzasını atıyor 45 metre yükseklikte nefes kesen operasyon! Böyle kurtardılar... 'Polisiz' diye eve girdiler, bir ailenin hayatını söndürdüler Emniyette gece yarısı hareketliliği! 3 bin 181 personele görev iadesi 42 maça çıktı, bonservisine paha biçilemiyor Eşofmanlı kaleci "bitti" dedi Türkiye'de bir ilkti, hayatını kaybetti! Kitabını bastıramadan... Üniversiteli kız 4. kattan bir anda kendini bıraktı! Bekleneni veremedi, yerine oyuncu bile bulundu Anasayfa Haber Hakkımızda Reklam Webmaster İşbirliği Künye İletişim Manşetler Son Dakika Yerel Haberler Gazeteler Hava Durumu Namaz Vakitleri Haberler Güncel Haberler Ekonomi Haberleri Politika Haberleri Dünya Haberleri Spor Haberleri Politika Ömer Çelik Engin Altay Donald Trump İsmet Yılmaz Binali Yıldırım Magazin Ceylan Çapa Donald Trump Yiğit Şardan Seren Serengil İbrahim Tatlıses Spor Doğuş Volkan Şen Cenk Tosun Oğuzhan Özyakup Hasan Ali Kaldırım Daha Fazlası Seçim Editörün Seçtikleri Son Dakika Haberleri Adana   Almanya Antalya Ak Parti Recep Tayyip Erdoğan Atv   Ikby Aralık Star Tv Kanal D Bayındır   Atv Yayın Akışı Star Tv Yayın Akışı Cerablus Operasyonu Fırat Kalkanı Operasyonu Şuan buradasınız: Lessons From Silicon Valley: Corporate Startup Engagement Sitemizde yayınlanan haberlerin telif hakları haber kaynaklarına aittir, haberleri kopyalamayınız. [Hata Bildir] 16.11.2016 10:31:36. #1.53#  
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] Win a Gigabyte GTX 1070 G1 Gaming Bundle [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Cooling Reviews 3 Review: be quiet! Silent Loop 240mm by Parm Mann on 10 October 2016, 16:10 Tags: be-quiet Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qac7on Add to My Vault: be quiet! Silent Loop 240mm £114.98 Free shipping for HEXUS members* Page Jump: ========== 1 - Introduction 2 - Test Methodology and Performance 3 - Conclusion Introduction It has taken a while for be quiet! to hop aboard the liquid-cooling bandwagon, but good things come to those who wait, and if you're a fan of the company's low-noise solutions, you'll appreciate the fact that the Silent Loop 240mm almost lives up to its name. Priced at around £115 and introduced in the middle of the new Silent Loop range, this 240mm solution is sandwiched between a 120mm option (£95) and a range-topping 280mm unit (£130). On the face of things, be quiet!'s all-in-one solution doesn't look too dissimilar to the dozens of others that have flooded the market in recent years. Plenty have shown stellar cooling potential, yet if an ultra-quiet PC is your target, existing options have tended to fall short due to pumps that are noisier than we'd like or fans that simply aren't quiet enough. Considering the company name, it's no surprise that be quiet! is aiming to go one better, but can an all-in-one closed loop really deliver silence? The Silent Loop branding should, of course, be taken with a pinch of salt, as two fans and a 2,200rpm pump are going to create some noise - yet the question is how much? That's what we're here to find out and we can start by confirming that be quiet!'s manufacturing partner is Alphacool, a German outfit who isn't short on experience having previously built liquid coolers for the likes of Cooler Master and Fractal Design. The 240mm Silent Loop shares plenty of resemblance, with a 277mm x 124mm x 55mm radiator attached to a low-profile pump via flexible, bend-protected tubes measuring 39cm in length. What sets the package apart is the inner workings of the pump. In an effort to cut noise down, all Silent Loop coolers use what's called a "reverse flow" technique, whereby "the pump draws in the liquid coolant from an outer cavity of the pump housing across the base plate and discharges the warmed liquid coolant through a second level inside." According to be quiet!, this particular flow arrangement results in smoother operation and less vibration, presumably with minimal impact on performance. And the good news is that it appears to work. We've tested our fair share of all-in-one 240mm liquid coolers over the years, and we can say with no hesitation that the Silent Loop is without a doubt the quietest we've experienced. Build quality, as you'd expect from be quiet!, is good throughout, as is the finish on the nickel-plated cold-plate. A refill port is available for long-term maintenance - the manufacturer suggests changing the liquid every two years - and a three-year warranty helps provide a little extra peace of mind. Everything needed to get up and running is included in the box, and on our Intel Z170 platform it's as simple as holding a backplate to the rear of the motherboard and clamping the pump using the supplied fixings. We do prefer backplates that can be clamped down prior to pump attachment, yet while be quiet!'s setup requires a little patience during alignment, it's hardly difficult. All the latest Intel and AMD sockets are supported, with the relevant parts labelled for easy identification, and we like that be quiet! includes a good-sized tube of thermal paste to allow for any re-mounts further down the road. Last but not least, the bundled fans are better than most as the Silent Loop 240mm ships with a pair of 120mm Pure Wings 2 PWM units. Capable blowers, though if you follow your fans, you might be ruing the fact that be quiet! didn't go with its range-topping Silent Wings 3, complete with fluid-dynamic bearings and six-pole motor. Get the cooler up and running and it's a good-looking thing, freeing up space around the CPU socket and reducing the load on the motherboard when compared to a towering air cooler. The Silent Loop 240mm isn't as snazzy as some of its competitors - you won't find any LEDs, expansion opportunities or software additions - yet in our estimation the simplicity is part of the appeal. A single three-pin cable powers the pump and a four-pin splitter allows both fans to attach to a single header. Nice and tidy, now let's see if performance is up to scratch. Page Jump: ========== 1 - Introduction 2 - Test Methodology and Performance 3 - Conclusion NEXT PAGE » MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Recent Nvidia drivers include telemetry logging functionality 14 2 Intel's on-die silicon photonics tech is mind-blowing says analyst 11 3 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 4 Razer Blade Stealth 7 5 AOC AGON 35-inch 'Extremely Curved' gaming monitor launched 13 1 QOTW: Which CPU is inside your PC(s)? 104 2 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 3 Recent Nvidia drivers include telemetry logging functionality 14 4 AOC AGON 35-inch 'Extremely Curved' gaming monitor launched 13 5 MSI VR One VR backpack PC hits retail, costing around £2000 12 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 AfterShokz introduce the next generation wired bone conduction headphones 2 HP Unveils Industry’s First-ever Mini Workstation 3 Announcing the Swiftech Komodo GTX Titan X Waterblock 4 Lian Li Releases the PC-O10 Dual-Compartment Mid Tower: ATX Meets SFX 5 TYAN Displays HPC Platforms for Enterprises and Data Centers to Accelerate HPC Market Growth at SC16 6 AMD Releases the Most Versatile Open Source Platform for GPU Computing INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,180 Forum posts: 2,558,722 Forum threads: 246,623 Currently active users: 503 Copyright © 1998 - 2016, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.

POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Transition Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Latest 50 50 50 New 11/16/16 12:03 AM EST Youngest senator ever takes his seat: Nov. 16, 1818 By Andrew Glass On this day in 1818, the Senate's presiding officer administered the oath of office to John Henry Eaton of Tennessee, who was 28 years old at the time. 11/15/16 11:38 PM EST Judge issues pretrial rulings in Trump U. suit By Josh Gerstein Still to be decided is whether the trial will actually start later this month. 11/15/16 10:55 PM EST Former Bush official to GOP: 'Stay away' from Trump team By Cristiano Lima Eliot Cohen said reality set in when he met with Trump's "angry, arrogant" transition team. Updated 11/15/16 10:15 PM EST Trump ditches the press By Bianca Padró Ocasio Donald Trump ditched reporters on Tuesday night and went to a steakhouse with his family, according to pool reports. 11/15/16 09:20 PM EST 45 After Dark: The Purge — Transition Week By Henry C. Jackson A week into the Donald Trump transition, the president-elect's team is showing shades of the most dysfunctional days of his campaign - full of personal... Presidential Transition Updated 11/15/16 09:17 PM EST Power battles bog down Trump transition By Eli Stokols "It’s an absolute knife fight," said one Trump insider. "But that just makes it Tuesday." 11/15/16 08:09 PM EST White House gets key Memorandum of Understanding from Trump transition By Nancy Cook The White House said it received a memorandum of understanding, or MOU from President-elect Donald Trump's transition team on Tuesday night, which will... 11/15/16 08:04 PM EST Sessions' hard lines could yield confirmation fight By Jeremy Herb and Connor O’Brien Critics and supporters divide on whether his immigration stances are 'anti-Latino' or tailor-made for the Trump era. Presidential Transition 11/15/16 06:58 PM EST GOP foreign policy leaders grow despondent By Michael Crowley and Shane Goldmacher After a burst of optimism that Trump would take a conciliatory path, veterans of past administrations express alarm at names being floated for top posts. Updated 11/15/16 06:52 PM EST House Democrats delay leadership elections in blow to Pelosi By Heather Caygle and John Bresnahan The move ensures a two-week debate about the minority leader's future, though no one has stepped up to challenge her yet. 11/15/16 06:45 PM EST Kaine: Senate Dems are an 'emergency brake' By Elana Schor "The Democratic Senate minority is about the only emergency brake there is on the train right now," he says upon his return. 2016 11/15/16 06:41 PM EST How Turnout-Only Politics Gave Us the 2016 Campaign—And a Historic Polling Upset By Lee Drutman Divisive politics are here to stay, unless we can start thinking of how to persuade swing voters again. 11/15/16 06:32 PM EST Idaho secretary of state: Leave our electors alone By Brent Griffiths The plea comes in response to movement among electors to dump Trump. 11/15/16 06:26 PM EST Zero Dark Donald: Trump's hiatus By Henry C. Jackson About five days ago, President-elect Donald Trump returned to Trump Tower in New York City - and, so far as the pool reporters and cameras following him... 2016 11/15/16 06:24 PM EST Why Donald Trump Needs to Take a Salary By Rob Goodman There’s a reason the Framers wanted the president to get paid—and if their logic was good enough for George Washington, it should be good enough for Trump.... 11/15/16 06:15 PM EST Mike Rogers: Transition shake-up is part of campaign's 'natural course' By Madeline Conway Rogers dubs it "growing pains." 11/15/16 06:08 PM EST Harry Reid says Trump has 'sparked a wave of hate crimes across America' 11/15/16 05:56 PM EST Donald Trump's Cabinet shortlist By Andrew Restuccia The list features a wide range of political insiders, mixed with people from the business world. 11/15/16 05:53 PM EST Former NATO head to meet with Trump transition staff By Bryan Bender "I hope that we will manage to get strong contacts in due time with the new administration," Anders Fogh Rasmussen said. 11/15/16 05:50 PM EST Trump announces inauguration team leaders By Nolan D. McCaskill Tom Barrack will chair Trump's inauguration committee. 11/15/16 05:50 PM EST Mexican government gets ready for Trump’s deportation plans By Bianca Padró Ocasio It's a wait-and-see situation for Mexico. Updated 11/15/16 05:50 PM EST Schumer's leadership team in flux ahead of elections By Burgess Everett and Elana Schor Also unresolved is what Sen. Patty Murray will do. 11/15/16 05:46 PM EST Lynch urges Trump to press on with criminal justice reform By Josh Gerstein Loretta Lynch argued in a speech Tuesday that Trump's team should maintain the Justice Department's focus on combating bail and fine policies. 11/15/16 05:42 PM EST Assad: Syria and Trump can be 'natural allies' By Yousef Saba Assad said his expectations from Trump are low. In The Arena 11/15/16 05:40 PM EST The Trouble With the Electoral College By Timothy Noah We’ve now had two presidents in the last 16 years who didn’t win the popular vote. That's a problem. 11/15/16 05:22 PM EST Reid says Trump has 'sparked a wave of hate crimes across America' By Elana Schor "I cannot believe anyone in this chamber wants to defend the hateful acts that are being committed in Trump’s name," Reid says. Updated 11/15/16 04:00 PM EST Democrats demand that Trump rescind Bannon appointment By Nolan D. McCaskill Rhode Island Rep. David Cicilline spearheaded the effort. 11/15/16 03:57 PM EST Ukraine president asks for 'resolute support' in call with Trump By Brent Griffiths President Petro Poroshenko stressed the "need for the Washington’s resolute support of Ukraine in countering the Russian aggression." Updated 11/15/16 03:44 PM EST Warren blasts Trump transition decisions, vows Dodd-Frank battle By Zachary Warmbrodt The Massachusetts senator slams President-elect Donald Trump's first decisions as president in a series of attacks. 11/15/16 03:41 PM EST NARAL chief weighs run for DNC chair By Daniel Strauss The operative added that so far "there don't seem to be any women" in the hunt for DNC chair. 11/15/16 03:33 PM EST Rep. Tim Ryan won't say whether he'll challenge Pelosi By Heather Caygle “I’m open and we’re all having conversations now,” Rep. Tim Ryan said in an interview. 11/15/16 03:31 PM EST Clinton’s lead in the popular vote passes 1 million By Madeline Conway Hillary Clinton's lead in the popular vote over President-elect Donald Trump has surpassed 1 million. Updated 11/15/16 03:25 PM EST House GOP unanimously nominates Paul Ryan for Speaker By Rachael Bade and Kyle Cheney Ryan ran unopposed for the post. 11/15/16 03:09 PM EST Stivers elected to chair NRCC Stivers will oversee election efforts for the 2018 cycle. Updated 11/15/16 03:00 PM EST Billionaire investor Ross said to be Commerce pick By Andrew Restuccia and Doug Palmer Ross is an economic adviser to Trump. Angela Merkel to run for fourth term: senior MP By Cynthia Kroet Appearing with Obama, Tsipras slams German-led austerity By David Herszenhorn 11/15/16 02:24 PM EST API’s Durbin succeeds Finkel By Isaac Arnsdorf GPG hires Thune’s Poteet — Blue Engine hires two — 9/11 families invoke Trump on JASTA 11/15/16 02:11 PM EST Kris Kobach explains Trump’s immigration math By Madeline Conway Kobach said that the definition of a deportable offense would need to broaden under Trump, to include “any felony." 11/15/16 02:03 PM EST Judge sets hearing Friday on delay in Trump University case By Josh Gerstein Trump's legal team filed a motion Saturday arguing that the "critical and all-consuming" duties of preparing for the presidency merit putting... 11/15/16 01:54 PM EST Tom Price being considered for HHS secretary By Jennifer Haberkorn and Rachael Bade The Georgia Republican, who chairs the House Budget Committee, was an early Trump supporter. White House 11/15/16 01:49 PM EST Bush aides could get a do-over in Trump administration By Nahal Toosi But some fear Trump's choice of Bush veterans could revive controversial practices like waterboarding. 11/15/16 01:36 PM EST Boehner 'would love to see' Paul Ryan run for president By Yousef Saba "He would make a great president,” he said. 11/15/16 01:35 PM EST South Carolina party chair: I have the red-state experience Democrats need By Brent Griffiths Harrison formally announced his candidacy on Monday. 11/15/16 01:21 PM EST Rep. Boustany endorses Kennedy in Louisiana Senate runoff By Kevin Robillard and Burgess Everett "Republicans who care about the future of our country need a Republican in the Senate who will work with Donald Trump to roll back the failed liberal... Updated 11/15/16 01:20 PM EST Rand Paul: 'I’ll do whatever it takes' to stop Bolton from being secretary of state By Katie Glueck and Brent Griffiths Bolton, who served in the George W. Bush administration as ambassador to the United Nations, is a leading Republican hawk. 11/15/16 01:16 PM EST McCain to Trump: Don't cozy up to Putin By Bryan Bender McCain, though, was adamant that cozying up to Putin after Russia's recent actions would be folly. 11/15/16 12:47 PM EST Obama: I'm not responsible for Trump 11/15/16 12:47 PM EST Obama: Congress stopped me from helping Trump supporters 11/15/16 12:46 PM EST Conway: Keeping Bannon from public a strategic decision You're All Caught Up We're working on more stories right now Check out these top newsmakers Donald Trump Mike Pence Paul Ryan Barack Obama Hillary Clinton Reince Priebus Mitch McConnell Elizabeth Warren Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results 2016 Elections Events Events Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About Us Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast The Debrief Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 presidential tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus POLITICO Battleground States Project Connect With Us Power battles bog down Trump transition GOP foreign policy leaders grow despondent Why Donald Trump Needs to Take a Salary House Democrats delay leadership elections in blow to Pelosi Bush aides could get a do-over in Trump administration Trump’s first ambassador: Barack Obama Politico Morning Cybersecurity A daily briefing on politics and cybersecurity Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print ‘Acid-washed’ emails and Russia in the debate By Tim Starks 10/10/16 10:00 AM EDT With help from Cory Bennett, Martin Matishak, Darren Samuelsohn and Li Zhou DOUBLING DOWN ON RUSSIA (OR LACK THEREOF) — Donald Trump won’t let go of his assertion that it’s unclear whether Russia was involved in the hacking of Democratic political organizations. In Sunday evening’s presidential debate, the GOP nominee again cast doubt on the Kremlin’s role in a widespread digital assault that has roiled the election, despite Friday’s declaration from U.S. intelligence agencies that Moscow’s “senior-most officials” are directing the campaign. “Any time anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians, she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking,” Trump said. “The reason they blame Russia is they are trying to tarnish me with Russia.” He also went one baffling step further: “Maybe there is no hacking.” Needless to say, all research over the last few months would show the opposite. Story Continued Below Conversely, Clinton indicated she plans to ratchet up her rhetoric about Russia wanting Trump to win the race, now armed with backing from U.S. spies. "We have never in the history of our country been in a situation where an adversary of foreign power is working so hard to influence the outcome of the elections, and they are not doing it to get me elected,” she said. It’s worth noting, however, that the Obama administration didn’t go as far, only alleging that Moscow intended to “interfere with the U.S. election process.” On the private server emails: In a fact check, we determined that Trump was wrong to say that Clinton had “acid-washed” her private server with “an expensive process,” given that the software used to delete some of those emails is advertised as free. We also concluded that “Trump can't get it right on Clinton's email deletion” and the timing of when some of the deletions happened. And Trump threatened to jail Clinton over the emails should he become president. HAPPY MONDAY and welcome to Morning Cybersecurity! Because sometimes you just need to listen to a dog sing opera. Send your thoughts, feedback and especially tips to tstarks@politico.com, and be sure to follow @timstarks, @POLITICOPro and @MorningCybersec. Full team info is below. THIS IS HUGE — When the U.S. intelligence agencies declared that Russia was to blame for the breaches of Democratic political organizations, it was a historic moment in cybersecurity. But that might be selling it short. "This is a big, big deal,” said Michael Morell, a former acting director and deputy director of the CIA, in a story by POLITICO’s Bryan Bender and Michael Crowley. “I can’t remember another time in American history where we have publicly accused another country of trying to interfere in our elections." The Clinton camp, including her vice presidential nominee, were quick to bash Trump over the disclosure, with Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta saying Trump had tried to “play dumb” over Russia’s involvement, and Gov. Tim Kaine saying it was evidence Russia wanted the GOP nominee elected president. Here’s a primer on the totality of it. — DO SOMETHING, BUT WHAT? There are a lot of ideas floating around, although the administration has been mum on what it might do. One senator, Republican Cory Gardner, has already vowed to introduce sanctions legislation against Russia. The Democratic National Committee wants Congress to investigate. Rep. Adam Smith, the top Democrat on the Armed Services Committee, thinks it’s time for the Obama administration to develop a doctrine on what constitutes an appropriate response. Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the Intelligence Committee, would like to see economic sanctions in conjunction with the European Union (fellow Democrat Jim Langevin also suggested an international response, relying on NATO). Former House Intelligence Chairman Mike Rogers suggested individual sanctions and even “visa problems” as penalties in the U.S. “tool kit” if it can identify specific individuals or companies in Russia that were behind the hacks. “You want to put them on notice,” he said. “You have to be severe.” Sen. Ben Sasse suggested throwing the kitchen sink at Russian President Vladimir Putin: “The United States must upend Putin's calculus with a strong diplomatic, political, cyber and economic response." Rep. Will Hurd proposed booting Moscow’s U.S. ambassador. Another group of lawmakers spoke to the need to improve election security, such as House Homeland Security Chairman Michael McCaul. “As chairman, I will continue to work closely with Secretary [Jeh] Johnson and the Department of Homeland Security to ensure our government is equipped to provide state and local officials, if requested on a voluntary basis, with the tools they need to keep our critical networks secure,” he said. Rep. Hank Johnson, sponsor of recently-introduced legislation pushing for a larger federal role in the protection of U.S. elections, said: “We need to have a serious and thoughtful discussion at the national level on the security and integrity of our elections to address any foreign or domestic interference.” — THE ENEMY HAS A VOTE: But there should be an eye to the downside of taking further action, some experts said. “I imagine the Obama administration has a number of options, none of which are particularly attractive,” said Dan Wallach, a Rice University computer science professor who recently testified before Congress about the weaknesses in the U.S. election system. “We could ‘hack back’ at the Russians, or we could go with traditional trade sanctions, but activities like this could lead to escalating attacks in return. That might not end well for anybody.” Added Rogers, the former Intel chair: “You have to be cautious and careful to make sure there’s not an escalation here that get us to a bad place.” But a Democratic source close to the Clinton campaign said it’s hard to imagine it getting any worse from Russia. “It doesn’t seem like there’s too much more to amp,” the source said. “It seems like they’re making fairly comprehensive efforts already.” BREAKING DOWN THE HACKS — Our colleague Darren Samuelsohn has written a handy breakdown of five important things to know about the cybersecurity of the U.S. election less than 30 days before Election Day. Some of the takeaways: a breakdown of how the country’s voting system is riddled with weak spots that can be exploited; an explanation for why you really shouldn’t hold your breath for any new policies before Nov. 8; and a primer on why Moscow isn’t the only adversary that might be launching an attack. THE LATEST WAVE OF CLINTON’S STATE EMAILS — Via our friends at Morning Tech: Released Friday, the most recent tranche of Clinton emails recovered by the FBI during their investigation of her private email server revealed that one of her advisers once recommended that she run to be President Obama’s VP in 2012, reports POLITICO’s Josh Gerstein. There’s no indication in the messages that show Clinton explicitly considered the recommendation. MEANWHILE, OVER AT WIKILEAKS — The vigilante organization, which has promised numerous data dumps within the next few months, released an email leak of its own on Friday, sharing 2,000 messages allegedly hacked from Clinton adviser Podesta, which included excerpts from Clinton’s Wall Street speeches, report POLITICO’s Kyle Cheney and Sarah Wheaton. Some of the most potentially damaging transcripts indicate that Clinton expressed support for “open trade and open borders,” and a “dream of a hemispheric common market,” a sentiment that seems to contradict her avowed opposition to the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact. The Clinton campaign has defended her remarks, with Tim Kaine on Sunday questioning the transcripts’ accuracy, but stopping short of outright denying their legitimacy, MT writes. Also, the new documents include an excerpt of a speech where she “colorfully warned audiences for some of her paid speeches about the ease with which foreign governments can intercept email communications,” per Gerstein. ** A message from Intuit Tax and Financial Center: Watch our video series – Talking Tax with Intuit – featuring experts with diverse experience in tax policy. In the latest video, Mike Rogers, former Chair of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, discusses the cybersecurity threats that businesses face and calls on the government to work to protect taxpayers’ information: http://bit.ly/2gaKnpY ** TRUMP EXPANDS NATIONAL SECURITY TEAM — Amid one of the worst scandals of his presidential campaign, Donald Trump on Friday named 11 more lawmakers and experts to his National Security Advisory Council, our Pro Defense colleague Ellen Mitchell writes. Among the new appointees is Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr — who is pushing a law enforcement-favored bill to guarantee government access to encrypted communications — and House Homeland Security’s McCaul — who has advocated for a commission to study secure messages. Burr and McCaul were two of the major sponsors of last year’s cybersecurity information sharing law. HEADS UP, 2017 — The Brookings Institution has published a new paper that examines the digital security and privacy challenges that are likely to carry on into the new administration. The paper — authored by Cameron Kerry, who served as acting Commerce secretary and lead the cross-agency Internet-Cyber Group — examines the lessons the Obama administration learned in the wake of the Snowden leaks. It also offers advice for the next president, including how a new administration can approach the online sphere in a more comprehensive way that doesn’t just value “hard security.” TWEET OF THE DAY — Ash from “Evil Dead,” who’s apparently running for president, has a cyber policy. RECENTLY ON PRO CYBERSECURITY — The arrest of a Booz Allen employee who worked at the NSA demonstrates the need for stepped-up security for classified information, says the Intelligence and National Security Alliance … Maj. Gen. Paul Nakasone is set to take over as head of Army Cyber Command this week. QUICK BYTES — Former top national security officials and experts warned the media about Russian doctoring of hacked documents. Yahoo. — “Crypto needs more transparency, researchers warn.” The Register. — There are some doubts about whether that arrested NSA contractor is the new Edward Snowden. The Hill. — The European Commission is drafting new cybersecurity requirements for the Internet of Things. Krebs on Security. — “The spy tool that the U.S. government ordered Yahoo to install on its systems last year at the behest of the NSA or the FBI was a ‘poorly designed’ and ‘buggy’ piece of malware, according to two sources closely familiar with the matter.” Motherboard. That’s all for today. Dogs also sing Whitney Houston. Stay in touch with the whole team: Cory Bennett (cbennett@politico.com, @Cory_Bennett); Bryan Bender (bbender@politico.com, @BryanDBender); Eric Geller (egeller@politico.com, @ericgeller); Martin Matishak (mmatishak@politico.com, @martinmatishak) and Tim Starks (tstarks@politico.com, @timstarks). ** A message from Intuit Tax and Financial Center: We invite you to watch our video series – Talking Tax with Intuit – featuring experts with diverse experience in tax policy and administration. Our goal for this forum is to foster an informed dialogue on important topics and create a platform to share these expert insights into tax policy and related topics. In our latest Talking Tax video, Mike Rogers, former Chair of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, discusses the cybersecurity threats that American businesses and individuals face. He also calls on the government to develop ways to identify vulnerabilities and prevent the theft of taxpayers’ personal information: http://bit.ly/2gaKnpY ** « View Archives Authors: Tim Starks tstarks@politico.com About The Author Tim Starks has written about cybersecurity since 2003, when he began at Congressional Quarterly as a homeland security reporter. While at CQ Roll Call, he mainly covered intelligence, but he also had stretches as a foreign policy reporter and defense reporter. In 2009, he won the National Press Club's Sandy Hume Memorial Award for Excellence in Political Journalism. He left CQ Roll Call in March of 2015. Before coming to Politico he spent several months freelancing, writing for the Economist, the New Republic, Foreign Policy, Vice, Bloomberg and the Guardian. He grew up in Evansville, Ind. and graduated from the University of Southern Indiana with a degree in print journalism. His first full-time reporting job was covering city hall for the Evansville Press, the former afternoon daily. He was a Pulliam Fellow at the Indianapolis Star, and participated in the Politics and Journalism Semester at the chain of newspapers anchored by the Las Vegas Review-Journal. He also was the Statehouse Bureau Chief at the Evansville Courier & Press and established the Washington bureau of the New York Sun. Some of his other freelance work has been for the Chicago Tribune, Glamour, Deutsche Welle, Ring and BookForum. He is the founder of The Queensberry Rules, dubbed an "indispensable boxing blog" by the Wall Street Journal. He's also fond of fantasy basketball and real-life basketball — he is from Indiana, after all — and gets way too bent out of shape over people rooting against the home team or not walking on the right side of the sidewalk. Most Read Trump advisers steamroll Christie’s transition Obama: Congress stopped me from helping Trump supporters Trump’s first ambassador: Barack Obama Clinton’s lead in the popular vote passes 1 million Giuliani took money from Qatar, Venezuela, Iranian exiles House Democrats delay leadership elections in blow to Pelosi Trump allies object to Lewandowski GOP and Trump put deficit on back burner Conway: Keeping Bannon from public a strategic decision Rand Paul: 'I’ll do whatever it takes' to stop Bolton from being secretary of state Morning Cybersecurity - POLITICO Archive Tuesday, 11/15/16 Monday, 11/14/16 Friday, 11/11/16 Thursday, 11/10/16 Wednesday, 11/9/16 View the Full Morning Cybersecurity Archives » Politico Magazine How Turnout-Only Politics Gave Us the 2016 Campaign—And a Historic Polling Upset By Lee Drutman The Trouble With the Electoral College By Timothy Noah The Resurgence of the Republicans? By Susan B. Glasser Why Women Rejected Hillary By Peg Tyre More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2016 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Around AOTF × All News Reviews Opinion Videos Guides Rumors Platforms Xbox PlayStation PC/MAC Nintendo Mobile More Contact Us Write at AOTF Ethics Privacy Attack of the Fanboy FacebookTwitterYouTube Google+RSS The Elder Scrolls 5: Skyrim Special Edition Goes Gold; PC System Requirements Revealed By Mike Guarino The Elder Scrolls 5: Skyrim Special Edition is set to launch later this month, and now Bethesda has announced that the game has officially gone gold. Accompanying the announcement is the reveal of the game’s PC system requirements, as well as the file size for….. News The Elder Scrolls 5: Skyrim Special Edition Goes Gold; PC System Requirements Revealed Share Tweet by Mike Guarino on October 10, 2016 The Elder Scrolls 5: Skyrim Special Edition is set to launch later this month, and now Bethesda has announced that the game has officially gone gold. Accompanying the announcement is the reveal of the game’s PC system requirements, as well as the file size for each version of the game. Bethesda said that “Soon, players will be able experience the game on both Xbox One and PlayStation 4 – with mods – for the very first time, and the Special Edition will include native 4K support for the PlayStation 4 Pro. But what’s most exciting to us is that Special Edition also means a new generation of players can create new Skyrim Memories and learn what it means to be Dragonborn for the very first time.” They go on to say that “Skyrim Special Edition going gold also marks the first time we’re celebrating a release as an international studio. We can’t say enough about the hard work and love our Montreal studio poured into this project.” The following are the PC system requirements and console storage requirements for The Elder Scrolls 5: Skyrim Special Edition: Minimum Windows 7/8.1/10 (64-bit Version) Intel i5-750/AMD Phenom II X4-945. 8GB of ram. 12 GB free HDD space NVIDIA GTX 470 1GB /AMD HD 7870 2GB Recommended Windows 7/8.1/10 (64-bit Version) Intel i5-2400/AMD FX-8320. 8GB of ram. 12 GB free HDD space NVIDIA GTX 780 3GB /AMD R9 290 4GB Console storage requirements: PS4 20 GB (North America) 33 GB (Europe) Xbox One 17 GB (North America) 25 GB (Europe) The Elder Scrolls 5: Skyrim Special Edition will launch for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC on October 28th. Steam users that already own the game and all of its DLC will be able to get Skyrim Special Edition absolutely free. Calling All Writers: Become a contributor and write about games at AOTF! Say Something More About Bethesda Skyrim Special Edition Patch 1.2 Out On PS4 And PC, Xbox One Later This Week The Elder Scrolls 5: Skyrim Special Edition received patch 1.1 not long ago, but with it came some issues that needed to be addressed. While these issues didn’t impact all players, many were reporting game crashes and a myriad of... [Update] UK: PS4 Pro Launches Big But Dishonored 2 Sales Are Soft Dishonored 2 PC Issues Prompt New Recommendations from Bethesda Dishonored 2 Launch Trailer Shows Off Gruesome Kills Dishonored 2 Will Have A 9 GB Day One Patch On PS4 And Xbox One Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Guide: How to Join the Dark Brotherhood Related Popular Bethesda Content Fallout 4 – ‘Survivor2299’ Site A Hoax? A recent article on Game Informer has highlighted a number of areas that suggest the Fallout 4 teaser site ‘thesurvivor2299.com’ may not be as legit as first hoped. Much has been made of the site since it first came to... Bethesda Explains $60 Price For The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Remastered On PS4 And Xbox One Usually remasters cost a little less than a full priced video game because they are a re-release. Bethesda however continues to defend the $60 price tag for The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Remastered. Bethesda’s Pete Hines said on Twitter: “A full game... Why The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Remastered Is Not Free For PS4/Xbox One Owners When The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Remastered was announced at E3 2016 last week, it was revealed that some PC owners were able to get the game for free if they owned the original game. Bethesda has now explained why... Skyrim Remastered and Fallout 4 PS4 Mods Cancelled due to Sony Policy Decisions Fallout 4 fans have been able to enjoy community created mods on PC and Xbox One for some time. Mods on consoles are a fairly new thing and seeing how well they worked on Xbox One gave players hope of... A Possible Clue Fallout 4 Will Be At E3 2015 Bethesda may have dropped a small clue that it is indeed showcasing Fallout 4 at E3 2015. When you visit the official E3 Bethesda press conference page, you can see the gaming genres that the company is set to showcase. At... Fallout 4 – The Journey I feel like I am floating in an odd sort of limbo at this point in time. Picking up on the day to day goings on in the gaming world is something I greatly enjoy, though it is rare I... Future Skyrim DLC may be hampering Dawnguard release on PS3 Last we had heard from Bethesda, the company was working closely with Sony to bring the Skyrim Dawnguard expansion to the PS3.  As another week has passed, it doesn’t look like Bethesda is any closer to releasing the content on... Elder Scrolls VI or Fallout 4 – What is Bethesda’s next “Bleeding Edge RPG”? Bethesda is currently looking to expand their staff on a new “bleeding edge RPG”, according to recent job postings from the company.   These new job postings allude to their next game being from one of their established franchises, quite... Skyrim Dragonborn, Hearthfire and Dawnguard DLC discounted on PS3 The long wait for Skyrim DLC on the PS3 is coming to an end.  Bethesda has just announced that the Dragonborn expansion for the RPG will arrive on PlayStation 3 and PC in early February.  To make amends for the long wait... Fallout 4 Rumors – Enough Already The Fallout series has been a popular one for quite some time now, and unlike the normal trend for games has grown in acclaim even though it has changed hands a few times. I fell in love with the franchise’s... © 2013 Modern Media Group LLC All rights reserved. | Attack of the Fanboy | Video Game News & Reviews
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Nikkei ▲ 17862.21 1.10%   Hang Seng ▲ 22454.59 0.59%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -10/32 yield 2.257%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.86 0.11%   Yen ▲ 109.44 0.22%   DJIA ▲ 18923.06 0.29%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Snapchat Files for $25 Billion IPO Supersonic Passenger Jet Edges Closer to Reality Wal-Mart Fights Employee Chat App October Internet Attack Targeted PlayStation Network, Researchers Say Fake Content Pressures Facebook, Google New Site Helps Outsiders Land Tech Jobs Intel Courts Autonomous-Car Makers China Consumer Group Reports Problems With iPhones Walgreens Claims Theranos Voided 11.3% of Test Reports Tech Stocks Miss Out on Trump Bump Amazon Sues Sellers for Offering Fake Goods on Its Site Chrysler Says ‘eHybrid’ Should Lower ‘Range Anxiety’ General Electric to Buy Two Tech Startups Japan Watches Samsung Chip Away at Its Car Makers Tencent Earnings: What to Watch China’s JD.com Explores Spinoff of Finance Unit Chinese Startup Backed by Ant Financial Plans U.S. IPO Nintendo’s ‘Super Mario Run’ App Will Cost $10 Google’s PhotoScan App Can Help Digitize Old Prints Lyft Sees Cash in Dashboard Flash Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Tech Samsung Faces New Questions Over Galaxy Note 7 Fires Problems could be related to another component in the smartphone and not simply the battery Following reports of problems with replacements to Galaxy Note 7 smartphones that had reportedly overheated and caught fire, Samsung is halting production of the embattled phone. WSJ's Lee Hawkins reports. Photo: Reuters By Jonathan Cheng and Jonathan Cheng The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyJonathan Cheng @JChengWSJ Google+ Jonathan.Cheng@wsj.com Eun-Young Jeong Eun-Young Jeong The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyEun-Young Jeong eun-young.jeong@wsj.com Updated Oct. 10, 2016 9:48 a.m. ET SEOUL—Samsung Electronics Co.’s decision to halt production of its supposedly-safe Galaxy Note 7 replacements is raising doubts about the South Korean technology giant’s initial assertion that fires in some of the original devices were the fault of one battery supplier. The company temporarily halted production of its troubled Galaxy Note 7, according to a person familiar with the matter, a little more than a month after announcing a global recall of 2.5 million smartphones. Samsung said Monday that it was “temporarily... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds Violent Protests Break Out in Athens as Obama Visits Can IBM Change Fast Enough? Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse Apple MacBook Pro Review: Living With Tradeoffs Most Popular Articles Donald Trump’s Transition Team Reshaped Yuan Slides to Lowest Level in Nearly Eight Years Opinion: A Clinton-Free Democratic Party House Democrats Pressure Pelosi Amid Party Turmoil Opinion: The ‘Excellent’ Electoral College Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. A Look At The Most Promising Next-Gen Linux Software Update Mechanisms Written by Michael Larabel in Operating Systems on 10 October 2016 at 09:10 AM EDT. 81 Comments With traditional software package management solutions like APT and Yum showing their age and not adapting well to the embedded world and the slew of new areas for Linux like IoT, a new generation of atomic-based Linux software update solutions continue to be worked on. Matt Porter of the Konsulko Group is presenting at this week's Embedded Linux Conference Europe 2016 with a comparison of these update technologies. Incremental atomic updates have been what's being pursued by multiple Linux software vendors for delivering more reliable distribution updates, smaller sized updates via binary deltas, and generally allow rollbacks in case of problems. Some of the new distribution update mechanisms covered included SWUpdate, Mender, OSTree, and swupd. Interestingly, not mentioned in the slide deck is Ubuntu's Snappy. SWUpdate is a single/dual image update framework that's modular, supports signed images, makes use of Kconfig for configurations, can handle local or remote updates, etc. SWUpdate is particularly designed for embedded systems. Mender meanwhile is a solution aimed at over-the-air software updates. Mender is written in the Go programming language and is a dual-image update framework. One of the most well known talked about in this presentation is OSTree for incremental atomic upgrades. OSTree is Git-like and is used by Fedora / Red Hat and GNOME's container system Flatpak also makes use of OSTree. Talked about lastly was swupd, the update system spearheaded by Intel's Clear Linux distribution. Swupd is hosted on GitHub with its client and server portions hosted by Clear Linux. Swupd is similar to OSTree but does not require reboots to activate bundles. For those not in Berlin for the Embedded Linux Conference Europe, you can learn more about these different software update mechanisms with a focus on embedded Linux via these PDF slides. 81 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Operating Systems News Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux ToaruOS With Kernel Written From Scratch Is Still In Development Maru OS 0.3 Released: Android + Debian Minoca Is A New GPLv3, General Purpose OS ReactOS 0.4.3 Is Near With New Features, RC1 Released Manjaro 16.10 "Fringilla" Released Popular News Fedora 25 Is Quite Possibly My Most Favorite Release Yet Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux OpenGL vs. Vulkan With AMDGPU-PRO 16.40, Compared To NVIDIA On Linux A Number Of KDE Apps Will Be Dropped If They Don't Get Ported To KF5 OpenGL Overload: Implementing OpenGL Over Vulkan The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public Latest Linux News GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) A Walkthrough Of Enlightenment's New Launcher "Luncher" Unity 8 & All Snaps-Based Ubuntu Still Expected For 18.04 LTS X.Org Server 1.19 Officially Released With A Year's Worth Of Improvements Unreal Engine 4.14 Ships With Better Vulkan Support KDE Frameworks 5.28 Brings Many KWayland Improvements, Relative Pointer Protocol Cryptsetup Vulnerability Allows Easily Getting To A Root Shell Intel SDK OpenCL 2016 R3 Brings OpenCL 2.1 & SPIR-V To Linux Raspberry Pi's Desktop Likely Switching To Compton For Better Performance A Very Basic Ubuntu Online Developer Summit Is Happening Now Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Fresh OpenCL + CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks On Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal With NVIDIA 375.10 On Ubuntu Linux 13-Way NVIDIA GeForce + CUDA 8.0 + cuDNN Caffe Benchmarks Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.


Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> Smartphones Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Smartphones Mobile Intel Google Snapdragon 821 Pixel Motherboards GPUs Asus Home> Smartphones Launch Update: ASUS ZenFone 3, Zenbook 3, ZenWatch 3, ZenPad 3S 10 by Anton Shilov on October 10, 2016 7:30 AM EST Posted in Smartphones Asus Zenbook Tablets Notebooks ZenWatch Zenfone ZenPad Smartwatch 21 Comments | Add A Comment 21 Comments + Add A Comment ASUS has introduced a number of new products this summer, but never released their official recommended prices and availability timeframes for the US market. In the recent weeks, the company quietly began to sell some of the new products and this week ASUS published actual configurations, MSRPs and ETAs for its Zenbook 3, ZenFone 3, ZenWatch 3 and ZenPad 3S 10 devices. ZenFone 3 ASUS formally introduced its ZenFone 3 family of smartphones at the company’s annual press conference ahead of Computex in late May. The new ZenFones are the first handsets from ASUS based on ARM processors and also the first phones from the company to use Super AMOLED display panels (high-end models only). The initial ZenFone 3 lineup included three models (Laser and Deluxe), but eventually ASUS expanded it with the Qualcomm Snapdragon 821-based ZenFone 3 Deluxe 5.7” Special Edition as well as the value ZenFone 3 Laser. Three ZenFone 3 models are already available in the U.S. for $199 (ZF3 Laser ZC551KL), $399 (ZF3 Deluxe 5.5” ZS550KL) and $499 (ZF Deluxe 5.7” ZA570KL), whereas the ZF3 Deluxe 5.7” Special Edition is set to be available in late October exclusively from the ASUS Store for $799. In the meantime, the destiny of the media-consumption focused ZenFone 3 Ultra (ZU680KL) in the U.S. is unknown. The device is available in some countries (e.g., the Philippines), but not in Europe or North America. ASUS ZenFone 3 at Glance   ZenFone 3 Deluxe 5.7" Special Edition ZenFone 3 Deluxe 5.7" ZS570KL ZenFone 3 Deluxe 5.5" ZS550KL ZenFone 3 Laser 5.5" ZC551KL Display Resolution 1920×1080 Type Super AMOLED IPS SoC Qualcomm S821 2×Kryo, 2.4GHz 2×Kryo, 2.2GHz Adreno 530 GPU Quad-channel LPDDR4 Qualcomm S820 2×Kryo, 2.2GHz 2×Kryo, 1.6GHz Adreno 530 GPU Quad-channel LPDDR4 Qualcomm S625 8×A53 @ 2GHz Adreno 506 GPU LPDDR3 Qualcomm S430 8×A53 @ 1.4GHz Adreno 505 GPU LPDDR3 RAM 6 GB LPDDR4 4 GB LPDDR3 2 GB LPDDR3 Storage 256 GB UFS 2.0 64 GB UFS 2.0 32 GB eMMC Camera 23 MP Sony Exmor IMX318 16 MP Sony Exmor IMX298 13 MP Wi-Fi 2×2 802.11ac with MIMO 802.11ac 802.11n Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.2 with EDR and A2DP WWAN Qualcomm X12 LTE UMTS/WCDMA/TD-SCDMA/LTE/TDD-LTE/FDD-LTE Up to 600 Mbps Cat 12/13 LTE Qualcomm X9 LTE 3G/WCDMA: Band: 1/2/5/8 4G/FDD: Band: 1/2/3/5/7/8/20 HSPA+: UL 5.76 / DL 5.76 Mbps DC-HSPA+: UL 5.76 / DL 42 Mbps LTE Cat4: UL 50/ DL 150 Mbps Qualcomm X6 LTE WCDMA/LTE/TDD-LTE/FDD-LTE LTE Cat4: UL 50/ DL 150 Mbps Sensors Fingerprint, accelerometer, gyroscope, proximity, compass Interface USB 3.0 Type-C USB 2.0 Type-C Battery 3000 mAh OS Android 6.0.1 with ASUS ZenUI 3.0 Colors Unknown Glacier Silver Titanium Gray Shimmer Gold Glacier Silver Gold Glacier Silver Sand Gold Colors Glacier Silver Availability Late October at ASUS Store Pre-order at ASUS Store and retailers. ETA 10/12/2016 Available at ASUS Store and retailers Price $799 $499 $399 $199 It is noteworthy that at present ASUS only offers silver versions of its ZenFone 3 smartphones. It looks like the rest colors will hit the market at a later date. Zenbook 3 The Zenbook 3 from ASUS seemed like a worthy competitor for Apple’s MacBook back in June thanks to its Core i5 and Core i7 SoCs as well as low weight of 910g. Since the announcement at Computex, ASUS has upgraded the notebooks with Intel’s Kaby Lake processors, making the systems slightly faster and more responsive. At present, ASUS sells two Zenbook 3 models in the US: the premium Core i7-7500U-based UX390UA-XH74-BL equipped with 16 GB of RAM, a 512 GB NVMe SSD and a fingerprint reader for $1599 as well as the mainstream Core i5-7200U-powered UX390UA-DH51-GR with 8 GB of RAM and a 256 GB SATA SSD for $1099. ASUS Zenbook 3 at Glance   UX390UA-XH74-BL UX390UA-DH51-GR Display Resolution 1920×1080 Panel 12.5" IPS with 178° viewing angles SoC Intel Core i7-7500U 2C/4T, 2.7-3.5 GHz, 15W, Intel HD 620 Intel Core i5-7200U 2C/4T, 2.5-3.1 GHz, 15W, Intel HD 620 RAM 16 GB LPDDR3-2133 8 GB LPDDR3 Storage 512 GB NVMe PCIe 3.0 x4 SSD 256 GB SATA SSD Camera VGA web cam Wi-Fi 802.11ac I/O ports USB 3.0 Type-C Dimensions 296 × 191.2 × 11.9 mm Weight 910 grams Battery 40 Wh OS Windows 10 Pro 64-bit Fingerprint Sensor Yes No Finish Royal Blue Silver Gray Availability Available at ASUS Store and retailers Price $1599 $1099 The top-of-the-range model with 1 TB SSD and rose gold finish for $1999 is yet to come. We mentioned earlier this year that the price difference of $500 between the Core i7-based ZB3 models is a significant jump for 500 GB of additional PCIe SSD capacity.  ZenPad 3S 10 It is rather hard to make a breakthrough affordable tablet these days, but the new ASUS ZenPad 3S 10 looks rather impressive. For $299, the slate offers a retina-class 9.7” display with 2048×1536 resolution, a six-core MediaTek MT8176 SoC (two Cortex A72, four Cortex-A53 cores, PowerVR GX6250 graphics, etc.), 4 GB of LPDDR3 RAM, up to 64 GB of storage, 802.11ac WiFi and a fingerprint reader.  ASUS ZenPad 3S 10 at Glance   Z500M Display Resolution 2048×1536 Panel 9.7" IPS SoC MediaTek MT8176 2×ARM Cortex-A72 at 2.1 GHz 4×ARM Cortex-A53 at 1.6 GHz 2×PowerVR GX6250 graphics at 650MHz dual-channel LPDDR3 memory controller RAM 4 GB LPDDR3 Storage 32 or 64 GB eMMC + microSDXC card reader Camera 8 MP rear camera 5 MP front camera Wi-Fi 802.11ac Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.2 with EDR and A2DP Interfaces USB 2.0 Type-C TRRS connector microSDXC Sensors Fingerprint, gyroscope, proximity, compass Battery 22 Wh OS Android 6.0 Dimensions 240.5 × 163.7 × 5.8 ~ 7.15 mm Weight 430 grams Availability Early November at ASUS Store and retailers Price $299 The ASUS Z500M tablet looks like a rival for Apple’s iPad Air 2, which price starts at $399. The Wi-Fi-only ZenPad 3S 10 slate will be available in early November, but there has been no mention if ASUS intends to release a version with 4G/LTE. ZenWatch 3 The ASUS ZenWatch 3 (WI503Q) got a lot of attention earlier this year because this is the first smartwatch from the company featuring a round display and because it is one of the first devices to use Qualcomm’s Snapdragon Wear 2100 SoC (APQ8009w). Just like in other countries, the ZenWatch 3 will be available in the U.S. in November for $229. ASUS ZenWatch 3 at Glance   WI503Q Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon Wear 2100 4×ARM Cortex-A7 Adreno 304 GPU 802.11n Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.0, etc. RAM 512 MB LDDR3 Storage 4GB eMMC NAND flash Display 1.39" AMOLED 400×400 resolution 287 PPI pixel density 2-point touch 2.5D curved Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Wireless Bluetooth 4.1 Wi-Fi Sensors 6-axis (G+A), ambient light sensor Battery 340mAh with quick-charge (15 mins for 60% battery) Battery life: 1–2 days Battery pack: 200mA (optional) Magnetic charging cable Water Resistance IP67 Color Silver, Gunmetal, Rose Gold Strap Rubber or leather Dimensions Diameter: ≦ 45mm Height: 9.95-10.75mm Inputs Three buttons, touchscreen Availability Early November at ASUS Store and retailers Price $229 What remains to be seen is whether the manufacturer plans to start selling all three versions of the device at the same time (in silver, gunmetal and rose gold finish), or intends to roll them out one after another like it does with the ZenFone 3. Source: ASUS Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 21 Comments View All Comments XZerg - Monday, October 10, 2016 - link Are you sure the zenbook has ddr3? i think it is a typo given "2133". are the memory soldered or changeable? Reply Ryan Smith - Monday, October 10, 2016 - link Yes, LPDDR3 is in the specifications. Reply close - Monday, October 10, 2016 - link And at 11.9 mm I can't really see an SODIMM slot in there. Just like most (if not all) ultrabooks out there it probably has soldered memory chips. Reply maglito - Monday, October 10, 2016 - link Highly disappointing that there is no date or confirmation of the Zenphone3 Ultra. The international version is not fully compatible with US LTE bands. The is no large (6.3-6.8") phone with a large battery and a premium camera in the US. I'll go back to waiting for the highly delayed Lenovo Phab2 line. Otherwise, I was half considering the Posh Volt Max LTE L640 on amazon for the features and price. I am not sure why Asus is withholding the phone which would have the exclusive feature set in North America and busy instead launching all their "me too" phones. Reply serendip - Monday, October 10, 2016 - link Those aren't large phones, they're small tablets... Xiaomi's Mi Max is cheaper than the Zenfone although the camera isn't premium. It has similar internals like a Redmi Note 3 but with a 6.4" screen. Reply Mondozai - Monday, October 10, 2016 - link Anything below 8" is not a tablet. Even 7" is pretty minimal to use. 10" is really normal and 12" is big for a tablet. This isn't 2012 anymore. 6.4" is big for a phone but not crazy big, if you got decently-sized hands. I used a 6" L1520 for two years. It was no problems whatsoever. People who whine need to get updated. Reply maglito - Monday, October 10, 2016 - link Yes, you prove my point there are no phones which have a large screen, premium camera (and large battery) that are fully compatible with US LTE bands. Both phones you mention are not. US GSM/LTE carriers use the following LTE bands: AT&T 2, 4, 5, 17 (1900, 1700 abcde, 700 bc) T-Mobile 2, 4, 12 (1900, 1700 def, 700 a) So my point is Asus would have a north american exclusive device if they would only release a US version. Unlike these phones they are choosing to release which have very similar feature sets to countless other devices. Reply SquarePeg - Monday, October 10, 2016 - link The problem with the Lenovo Phab2 is that it's 10.7mm thick and has a weight of 259 grams (9.14oz). I really wish the Honor Note 8 had US bands. Reply maglito - Tuesday, October 11, 2016 - link I'm happy to trade weight and thickness for a 4000+mAh battery. Otherwise, I'd have already purchased the Sony Xperia XA Ultra which seems nice besides it's relatively puny 2700mAh battery. But I agree with your sentiment that Asia is getting all the nice large 6"+ phones with big batteries and decent cameras...which makes the Asus Zenfone3 Ultra no US launch all the more painful. Reply cyrand - Monday, October 10, 2016 - link After Samsung not being able to get the Note 7 fixed even after a massive recall am looking at other brands for a android 5.7" phone with a SD card. Right now the only 2 options am seeing is the Asus ZenFone 3 Deluxe 5.7" and the LG V20. Hopefully there be a detail review comparing the 2 sometime in the future when they both out since they seem to be 2 of the only options for 5.7 phones (after Samsung). Reply 1 2 3 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News OnePlus Launches The OnePlus 3T ECS Preps LIVA Z: Apollo Lake-Based Nettop with 4K and USB-C Support Toshiba Finalizes Plans for New 3D NAND Fab: Coming Online in 2019 AKiTiO Introduces Node: Thunderbolt 3 eGFX Box for $299 AMD @ SC16: Radeon Open Compute Platform (ROCm) 1.3 Released, Boltzmann Comes to Fruition ASUS ROG GT51 Desktop: Overclocked i7-6700K, GTX 1080 SLI, 64 GB DDR4, $4999 HTC Announces the HTC Bolt - A Sprint-Exclusive Smartphone for LTE Plus NVIDIA Announces Record Q3 FY 2017 Results Best Android Phones: Holiday 2016 Alienware 13 R3: Quad-Core CPU, GeForce GTX 1060, QHD OLED, VR Ready AOC Launches the AG352QCX: 35-Inch 200 Hz 2560×1080 Curved Display with Adaptive-Sync BenQ Announces the ZOWIE XL2540: 24-Inch 240 Hz Full-HD Display 'for e-Sports' TWEETS RyanSmithAT: @FouzanWasTaken @IanCutress Sorry, I don't have the 460 version. I have the 455 version, the same as the other press RyanSmithAT: Random PS4 observation: most games don't have manuals. Like at all. IanCutress: @wccftechdotcom source? RyanSmithAT: RT @anandtech: Commercial NAS Operating Systems - A Comprehensive Overview of Core Features https://t.co/alP0HFcLqZ IanCutress: @cavemanjim Give us a shout if you've got time for lunch while you're here IanCutress: @tom_forsyth Hits peak efficiency at the dvfs point then duty cycles. OS still sees non dc freq… https://t.co/QCO9Nvvwgc RyanSmithAT: @XxVcVxX We're not able to reply to everyone. But if your app meets our approval, you should hear from us by mid-December RyanSmithAT: @Dafuqizwrong Many of our editors are part time IanCutress: I can't submit an @EE broadband bug report with dashes or parentheses in description. Wow, that's bad XSS/DB security at the expense of UX. IanCutress: If you're paying someone you describe as an expert to star in an advert for your product, how is said person impartial? ganeshts: @mikinho Definitely. For content consumption / tablet use-cases in mobile devices, USB-C ports are sufficient. Not sure about 'Pro' devices ganeshts: @DanMatte Yup,including TB3 ports is a great value-add for any computing system, but we need other ports also for practical purposes ganeshts: No doubt that USB-C is the future, and adoption should be driven up. The Q is - are notebooks having ONLY those por… https://t.co/kgVGy6Tpip ganeshts: .@Krewell Thunderbolt 3's versatility should be complementary to existing ports, not full-blown replacement. Apple's usage not convincing ganeshts: @guspaz @troywolv That is the problem with ISPs that also deliver TV. IPTV / OTT cut into that revenue segment, caps are a counter Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
Skip Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Menu Technology Leadership Magazine Most Innovative Companies Most Creative People Video News Subscribe Collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Progress Is Possible See how these entrepreneurs reinvented themselves to achieve progress. Created for and commissioned by Principal Financial Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly influential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. It’s Good Not To Be Home A collaboration to elevate and enhance the Hyatt Regency hotel experience. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Fast Forward Created for and commissioned by Workday. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Current Issue Subscribe Follow Fast Company We’ll come to you. 4 minute read The Future of Work Hiring Lessons From The Company Adding More Than 15,000 Employees In One Year EY is scouring campuses and employee referrals to find a stadium's worth of new hires. [Photo: Flickr user David Reber] Jared Lindzon 10.10.16 5:22 AM If recruiting, vetting, hiring, and onboarding even one qualified employee is a difficult task, then hiring more than 15,000 may seem beyond the realm of possibility. Yet EY will have to do just that over the next 12 months. The multinational professional services firm, which just announced $29.6 billion in global revenues in its latest fiscal year, is currently on a blitz to fill 15,200 seats across their American offices during the next fiscal year, which began on July 1. To put that into perspective, the firm will be hiring 6,200 more people than the organizing committee of the London Olympic Games. Hiring to Fill the Critical Skills Gap Of the new hires, 9,200 will be taken fresh from university campuses, while the remaining 6,000 positions will go to experienced professionals. Dan Black, EY’s recruiting leader for the Americas, says the hiring blitz is a result of "strong demands for our services in today’s shifting business and economic landscape." The bulk of the new hires will fall into the company’s advisory and tax practices, which have experienced continuous growth over the past three years, much as they have in other companies. "Some of the hotter areas include cybersecurity, data analytics, digital, health care consulting, and human capital consulting," he adds. Using Tech to Make Human Connections Black explains that EY’s approach will require significant efforts on a variety of fronts, many of which will be aided by tech tools. "EY uses candidate-relationship management software that allows us to interact with candidates before they hit the 'apply' button, as well as stay connected to potential candidates when there isn’t a position available," he says. Once hired, the swarm of new employees will be trained and onboarded with the help of EYU, the company’s digital learning platform, which "allows us to deliver consistent online and in-person professional development courses, so that our people succeed personally and professionally," says Black. Still Counting On Referrals Another of the key sources for new hires at the firm is through its employee referral program, which has seen dramatic growth in recent years. In the 2010 fiscal year the company ushered in 28% of its new hires using employee referrals, but in 2016 the program was responsible for more than half. "Referral candidates perform better and stay longer," says Black. "In fact, external research has shown that referred workers are up to 30% less likely to quit and have substantially better performance on high-impact metrics." Other studies indicate that even so-called "weak" connections are likely to lead to placement and better job outcomes. Black says that Ernst & Young paid out more than $8.1 million in referral bonuses during the 2016 fiscal year. Intel has also been tying referrals to compensation in effort to improve the number of diverse candidates in the hiring pool. Such referrals can also significantly boost the chances underrepresented minorities have to get a promotion. Catching Them On Campus Aside from referrals, the company is also planning on deploying a major campus recruiting effort to attract 9,200 new candidates, which will combine in-person and digital strategies. "Through our campus events, students can speak and network with EY professionals, get valuable training and leadership development, and learn about all the opportunities EY offers," says Black. Writing for PBS Newshour, veteran tech recruiter Nick Corcodilos has lamented the fact that recruiters don't often do much of this in-person talent scouting on college campuses any more. He wrote: "In a job seeker’s market, new grads must subject themselves to machine interviews, invest their time filling out online applications, and wait like starving dogs to be fed. Meanwhile, Goldman Sachs HR managers get paid to wait for someone else to do their hiring." Corcodilos says that if there truly is a talent shortage, recruiters need to go out and sell to candidates, a process that "requires personal contact, persuasion and, yes, a soft touch." Major organizations are taking bold steps to attract talent using social media, such as Cisco's recent takeover of Nasdaq's Snapchat for talent acquisition during National #TechiesDay (October 3). EY is pursuing a similar approach, using social media content, videos, and other digital strategies to leverage its brand and attract new hires. Black explains that campus recruiting can also act as the ground zero for reaching the company’s diversity hiring targets. "We know in order to achieve the best outcomes for our clients, we need to engage diverse students," he says, citing the firm’s Women in Tech Consulting Conference as an example of their efforts to attract female hires at the university level. Black adds that the company hired 1,400 African-American and Hispanic students in 2016, up 40% from the previous fiscal year. Paid Family Leave And The "New" 401(k) Attracting 15,200 new hires will also require the company to really push its selling points. For EY that means touting the fact that it recently became the first among the big four accounting firms to expand its parental benefits, which now provides both mothers and fathers, as well as same-sex couples, up to 16 weeks of fully paid parental leave. "For campus recruits, we offer solutions for repaying student loan debt," says Black. Only about 3% of private sector businesses currently offer this benefit, according to the Society for Human Resource Management. The company’s "EY Student Loan program is available to all U.S. professionals and can be used for either undergraduate or graduate student loan debt." Nearly 1,200 EY employees are currently participating in the program. EY is hoping these strategies will fill a stadium-sized cohort of new hires by next year. related video: this is the most revealing question to ask a candidate during a job interview Never miss a story. Sign up for the Leadership newsletter and get the best stories delivered to your inbox daily. Send I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Advertise Privacy Policy Terms About Us Fast Company & Inc © 2016 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
Home Search Silicon IP Search Verification IP Latest News Industry Articles Industry Expert Blogs Videos Slides Events ≡ Menu Design And Reuse Login | Subscribe design-reuse.cn | design-reuse-embedded.com | design-reuse-enterprise.com | About D&R | English Chinese Login | Subscribe to D&R SoC News Alert Design And Reuse Search IP Categories Silicon IP Analog & Mixed Signal Storage Controller & PHY Graphic & Peripheral Interface Controller & PHY Processors & Microcontrollers Memory & Logic Library Security Multimedia Wireline Communication Wireless Communication Silicon IP Vendors   Verification IP Search / Browse Verification IP Vendors Software IP Search / Browse Software IP Vendors     Additional Services Wanted IPs IP Analytics Featured Products Reed Solomon Decoder IP Core Single Port SRAM compiler - Memory optimized for ultra low power and high density - Dual Voltage - compiler range up to 512 k PCI Express Gen3 PHY USB 2.0 PHY News Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Fabless / IDM Deals Legal Business Financial Results People Commentary / Analysis 20 Most Popular News Latest News Brite Semiconductor Announces DDR4 IP Achieve 2400 Mbps on SMIC 40nm Process Tuesday Nov. 15, 2016 Siemens to expand its digital industrial leadership with acquisition of Mentor Graphics Monday Nov. 14, 2016 Creonic Delivers New CCSDS LDPC Forward Error Correction IP Core Thursday Nov. 10, 2016 Industry Articles Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Business 20 Most Popular Articles Featured Articles Do SoC Architects Have to Get Physical? Monday Nov. 14, 2016 A Look at New Open Standards to Improve Reliability and Redundancy of Automotive Ethernet Thursday Nov. 10, 2016 Adaptive Rate Control Algorithm Monday Oct. 31, 2016 Blogs Industry Expert Blogs IP-SoC 2016: IP Innovation, Foundries, IoT and Security SemiWiki - Eric Esteve US Plans To Scupper China's Chip Ambitions Mannerisms - David Manners Is FPGA Intel Next Big Thing for IoT ? SemiWiki - Eric Esteve Videos Slides Events IP-SOC Days 2016 IP-SOC 2016 Archives IP-SOC 2015 IP-SOC 2014 IP-SOC 2013 IP-SOC 2012 IP-SOC 2011 IP-SOC 2010 Choose a filter Full Site Search Silicon IP Verification IP Software IP News Industry Articles Sonics to conduct "Energy Processing Units for Power-Sensitive Chip Designs" Seminar in Israel on Tuesday, November 8th San Jose, Calif. – October 07, 2016 – Sonics, Inc., the world’s foremost supplier of on-chip network (NoC) technologies and services, today announced that it has developed the IP industry’s first Energy Processing Unit (EPU) based on the company’s ICE-Grain™ (Instant Control of Energy) Power Architecture originally introduced in 2015. Sonics’ ICE-G1™ product is a complete EPU enabling rapid design of system-on-chip (SoC) power architecture and implementation and verification of the resulting power management subsystem. ICE-G1 reduces chip power consumption up to 90 percent for both expert and first-time users. FlexNoC Network on Chip SoC Interconnect IP Arteris Scalable, Coherent On-Chip Network IP NetSpeed Systems FlexNoC Resilience Package IP Arteris Software Configuration On-Chip Network IP NetSpeed Systems Ad About EPUs No amount of wasted energy is affordable in today’s electronic products. Designers know that their circuits are idle a significant fraction of time, but have no proven technology that exploits idle moments to save power. An EPU is a hardware subsystem that enables designers to better manage and control circuit idle time. Where the host processor (CPU) optimizes the active moments of the SoC components, the EPU optimizes the idle moments of the SoC components. By construction, an EPU delivers lower power consumption than software-controlled power management. EPUs possess the following characteristics: Fine-grained power partitioning maximizes SoC energy savings opportunities Autonomous hardware-based control provides orders of magnitude faster power up and power down than software-based control through a conventional processor Aggregation of architectural power savings techniques ensures minimum energy consumption Reprogrammable architecture supports optimization under varying operating conditions and enables observation-driven adaptation to the end system. About the Seminar The “Energy Processing Units for Power-Sensitive Chip Designs” seminar covers: Why power management is a MUST HAVE capability to successfully address power-sensitive application and market requirements Fundamentals of SOC power management Defining characteristics of an EPU Power savings results from real-world examples EPU for widely available, commercial 4K video decoder EPU for sensor designs without a host processor ICE-G1 technology overview and demonstration. Seminar Date: Tuesday, November 8th, 9:00 am – 1:00 pm with lunch provided Location: Bistro 56, Hashunit 2 | The Arena Mall, top floor, Herzlia, Israel Presenters: Mr. Grant Pierce, CEO of Sonics; Dr. Drew Wingard, CTO of Sonics Registration: Click here to attend or contact: About Sonics, Inc. Sonics, Inc. (Milpitas, Calif.) is the trusted leader in on-chip network (NoC) and power-management technologies used by the world’s top semiconductor and electronics product companies, including Broadcom®, Intel®, Marvell®, MediaTek, and Microchip®. Sonics was the first company to develop and commercialize NoCs, accelerating volume production of complex systems-on-chip (SoC) that contain multiple processor cores. Based on the ICE-Grain™ Power Architecture, Sonics’ ICE-G1™ is the industry’s first complete Energy Processing Unit (EPU), which enables rapid development of SoC power management subsystems. Sonics is also a catalyst for ongoing discussions about design methodology change via the Agile IC Methodology LinkedIn group. Sonics holds approximately 150 patent properties supporting customer products that have shipped more than four billion SoCs. For more information, visit sonicsinc.com.     Contact Sonics, Inc. Fill out this form for contacting a Sonics, Inc. representative. Your Name: Your E-mail address: Your Company address: Your Phone Number: Write your message:     Search Silicon IP 16,000 IP Cores from 450 Vendors Example: NoC IP Cores   Sonics, Inc. Hot IP SonicsSX - Advance the development of complex, multicore and multi-subsystem SoC ... SonicsGN - The Industry’s First GHz Network-on-Chip SonicsExpress - High bandwidth bridge between two clock domains, with optional v ... SonicsLX - Designers can couple low power with low cost that is tuned for optima ...   See Sonics, Inc. IP >> Related News Sonics Develops Industry's First Energy Processing Unit Based on the ICE-Grain Power Architecture Sonics Improves NoC Concurrency Management for SoC Designs with Multi-Channel Memory Sub-systems, Addresses Place & Route Tool Restrictions Sonics Introduces Semiconductor IP Industry's First Power Management Solution Combining Fine-Grain Partitioning and Autonomous Control Sonics Extends Flagship On-Chip Network Product, Addresses Low Latency SoC Designs for the Wearable Market Ineda Systems Delivers Breakthrough Power Consumption for Wearable Devices and the Internet of Things   See Sonics, Inc. Latest News >> Breaking News Packet Introduces Global ARMv8-A Bare Metal Cloud to Power Container and IoT Workloads Imagination Technologies Adopts Synopsys STAR Memory System for Embedded Memory Test and Repair for New MIPS Processor SMIC and IMECAS Sign A Cooperation Agreement for MEMS R&D and Foundry Platform Brite Semiconductor Announces DDR4 IP Achieve 2400 Mbps on SMIC 40nm Process Real Intent Announces Meridian RDC, a New Product for Reset Domain Crossing Sign-off   See Latest News >> Most Popular Siemens to expand its digital industrial leadership with acquisition of Mentor Graphics Xilinx to Dive in Hyperscale Race Denso to launch joint research on multithreaded CPU cores with Imagination Technologies Socionext Announces New Low-Power, Scalable ARM-based Multi-Core Processor SoC Xilinx Reconfigurable Acceleration Stack Delivers Fastest Path to 2-6x Compute Efficiency over FPGA Competition   See the Top 20 >> E-mail This Article Printer-Friendly Page EETimes © 2016 Design And Reuse All Rights Reserved. No portion of this site may be copied, retransmitted, reposted, duplicated or otherwise used without the express written permission of Design And Reuse. Partner with us Visit our new Partnership Portal for more information. Partner with us List your Products Suppliers, list your IPs for free. List your Products Design-Reuse.com Contact Us About us D&R Partner Program Advertise with Us Privacy Policy
null
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics HD BAC Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Why Amazon.com, Inc. Was Upgraded to Strong Buy (AMZN) AMZN hits on all these key cylinders for investors Oct 10, 2016, 6:30 am EST  |  By , Zacks Investment Research     On Oct 7, 2016, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) to a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy). With a return of 56.6% over the past one year and encouraging revenue guidance for the third quarter of fiscal 2016, Amazon emerges as an attractive investment opportunity. Amazon’s Encouraging Earnings Amazon’s second-quarter earnings per share of $1.78 per share and revenues of $30.40 billion were ahead of the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.14 and $29.73 billion respectively. The North America and AWS segments were strong contributors while investments in international continued. Buoyed by the better-than-expected results, Amazon provided an encouraging outlook for the current quarter. For the third quarter of fiscal 2016, management expects revenues in a range of $31 billion to $33.5 billion (up 6.1% sequentially and 27.2% year over year). AMAZON.COM INC Price and Consensus AMAZON.COM INC Price and Consensus | AMAZON.COM INC Quote Amazon Web Services (AWS) Holds the Key Amazon Web Services is the cash cow for Amazon. The business generates much higher margins than retail, so it has a very positive impact on Amazon’s profitability. The business contributed $2.89 billion in the last quarter, taking the revenue runrate to over $11.5 billion, representing sequential and year-over-year growth of 12.5% and 58.2%, respectively. The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Rest of 2016 An important customer win in the last quarter was Salesforce.com, Inc. (CRM), which selected AWS as its preferred public cloud infrastructure provider to run its core services like Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, App Cloud, Community Cloud, and Analytics Cloud. Amazon ended the quarter with 35 available zones across 13 infrastructure regions. Notably, the Mumbai (India) region was added in the last quarter, the sixth region in the Asia Pacific. We remain optimistic about the functionality, partner ecosystem and experience AWS offers and believe this will lead to continued customer wins. Internet of Things (IoT) Showing Prospects One area of potential growth is devices and IoT. Amazon has partnerships with several IoT hardware makers to integrate Alexa (the personal assistant Echo uses). The idea seems to be to make Alexa the central point connecting IoT devices used in any household. With 50% of Americans having Prime memberships (meaning that they are heavy Amazon users), Amazon can leverage this position to drive penetration. It’s also an important method of collecting household information, since Alexa is used to listening to commands and storing everything that it hears in the cloud. Stocks to Consider Besides Amazon, investors may consider Intel Corporation (INTC) and Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT). All sport a Zacks Rank #1. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. Intel has seen estimates for the full year rise over the past 30 days by 3.6%. For Applied Materials, estimates rose 13.6% in the last 60 days. Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock Analysis: Is It Cheap? Confidential from Zacks Beyond this Analyst Blog, would you like to see Zacks’ best recommendations that are not available to the public? Our Executive VP, Steve Reitmeister, knows when key trades are about to be triggered and which of our experts has the hottest hand.  Click to see them now>> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report AMAZON.COM INC (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis Report SALESFORCE.COM (CRM): Free Stock Analysis Report INTEL CORP (INTC): Free Stock Analysis Report APPLD MATLS INC (AMAT): Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research More From InvestorPlace 5 Stocks to Sell for October 7 Make-or-Break Earnings Reports Coming in October Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/amazon-com-amzn-upgraded-to-strong-buy-heres-why/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Best Growth Stocks for 2017 3 Best Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does 3 Stocks for Any Post-Election Volatility Apple Could Launch Apple Glasses by 2018 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Stock Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Stocks to Help You Build a Safe Haven from Post-Election Volatility 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Stock Most Popular Most Commented 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Post-Election Casualty 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is the Hottest Ticket in Town Small Caps Leading the Party in the Markets Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Quietly Set Itself Up for a HUGE Q4 Time to Grab Up Bargains in the Nasdaq 3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX), Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) and Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Trade of the Day: Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) a Buy on the Pullback Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Home Advertise Sponsorship Donate About Team Services News agency Vacancies Contact Us Videos Articles VIDEO #China: Dr. Ying Zhang ow.ly/MJWK506xKgO About 7 hours ago from EU Reporter's Twitter via Hootsuite VIDEO #China: Dr. Ying Zhan, Erasmus University ow.ly/JpMX506xxOf About 9 hours ago from EU Reporter's Twitter via Hootsuite VIDEO #China: 'Knowing China: A Twenty-First Century Guide' ow.ly/mILI506x2GL About 13 hours ago from EU Reporter's Twitter via Hootsuite VIDEO #China: 'President Xi' ow.ly/AYdl506x2GK About 13 hours ago from EU Reporter's Twitter via Hootsuite #COP22: From agreement to action – What is at stake at climate talks in #Marrakesh? ow.ly/iJTG506wFcc About 16 hours ago from EU Reporter's Twitter via Hootsuite #HumanRights in the world: 2015 annual report voted in Foreign Affairs Committee ow.ly/Cf8p506wFcb About 16 hours ago from EU Reporter's Twitter via Hootsuite #Brexit: UK government has no overall plan, leaked memo says ow.ly/9ZyL506wFca About 16 hours ago from EU Reporter's Twitter via Hootsuite Follow @eureporter Video News Featured Videos Online TV Podcasts Photo Journalism Opinion Featured Articles Brussels In View Politics Defence Economy Energy Environment Education Health Human Rights Lifestyle Animal Welfare World #DataSharing: Let’s build on this foundation of #PersonalisedMedicine EU Reporter Correspondent | October 10, 2016 | 0 Comments The Brussels-based European Alliance for Personalised Medicine (EAPM) is currently focussing on the problems inherent in sharing vital medical data, writes EAPM Executive Director Denis Horgan. These information streams are growing all the time – hence the term ‘Big Data’ – but there are issues with gathering, storing and disseminating the intelligence, as well as obvious ethical issues covering privacy of the individual. The four-year-old Alliance is a broad-based stakeholder organization made up of patients, researchers, scientists, academics, healthcare professionals, law- and policy-makers and what is clear to the group is that data for medical research often hits bottle-necks because of silo mentalities, interoperability problems in the necessary IT structures, confidentially concerns among pharmaceutical companies and legal minefields over individual rights to control information. EAPM believes that vastly improved data sharing, under robust rules to protect the donors, is necessary to keep science on the move and the Alliance is very wary of legislators shutting the door to cross-border and regional partners wishing to exchange information. Researchers have always collected, stored and shared data under extremely well-monitored and ethical conditions and EAPM reminds legislators that this is very different from companies such as Google and Facebook using personal data to target advertising and insurance firms doing the same to formulate personal claims policies. In this fast-moving modern world, patients are generally keen to share their own data under certain conditions as they, quite rightly according to the Alliance, believe this leads to empowerment, in the sense that it can assist in finding cures and treatments for their own conditions as well as for other patients that will follow. With the emergence of personalised medicine, which aims to give the right treatment to the right patient at the right time, new technologies (notably genetic-based, imaging-based, and immuno-therapateutic drugs) are allowing for the sort of specialized and targeted treatment that is the ultimate goal of US President Obama’s Precision Medicine Initiative, unveiled and committed to in his 2015 ‘State of the Union’ address. On top of this, the information technology industry has been quick to get in on the act, not only through so-called smart clothing but through data collection and interpretation via smartphones, watches and super-computers (Apple Inc and Intel are prime examples of this trend). What all this amounts to, in theory at least, is new avenues and opportunities opening up to allow us to better treat the 500 million potential patients across the EU’s 28 member states. EAPM and its stakeholders are in the vanguard of this journey down the new health super-highway but the wheels will fall off if data sharing is not allowed to be a prime driver. To be fair, in its General Data Protection Regulation (by which the European Commission intended to strengthen and unify data protection for individuals within the EU, while also addressing export of personal data externally), Europe did, after intense lobbying, find ways to ensure that the rules were not catch-all and that medical data could still be gathered, stored and shared. But the simple fact is that not enough of this vital information is getting to where it needs to be and the European Commission, Parliament and indeed Council needs to address this issue by actively encouraging co-operation among member states, while still protecting the diverse citizens that it represents. Comments Facebook comments Tags: featured, foundation of #PersonalisedMedicine, full-image, genetic-based, imaging-based, immuno-therapateutic drugs, let's build on this Category: EU, European Alliance for Personalised Medicine, Frontpage, Health, Personalised medicine Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website « #LuxPrize: 10 years of promoting European films #AJ2017: Alain Juppé takes poll position in race to become next president of France » Sponsored Link Find us on Facebook Latest Twitter Tweets by @eureporter Donate via PayPal Make a Donation to EU Reporter Now News Categories Business Defence Economy Education Energy Environment Eurozone Health Lifestyle Magazine Politics World Subscribe to our newsletter Enter your email address below to receive updates each time we publish new content. About EU Reporter EU Reporter is an online web site, online TV channel and monthly magazine published in digital format, with breaking news, incisive analysis and independent provocative comment on EU affairs... read more » Information & Policies Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Sitemap Search EU Reporter Looking for something in particular? Try the search feature below © 2016 EU Reporter. All rights reserved.
null
null
Chennai Classic .Com       No Fees... No Login... Just Post Ads!!!           Chennai Others | Providing all Others in Chennai (Madras) India Home  •  Post Classifieds India / Chennai / Services / Others ﻿ Warning: Avoid Scams and Fraud. Unless you are sure about the other party do not get involved in financial transactions Report Abuse | Email this Ad    Share Dual-socket tower Workstation Dell Precision T7810 Rental Hyderabad Reply to: (Use contact form below) (Please mention ChennaiClassic.com when contacting) Dual-socket tower Workstation Dell Precision T7810 Rental Hyderabad.The latest NVIDIA® Quadro® and AMD FirePro™ graphics deliver the muscle you need to run the most demanding software applications. New Quadro and FirePro graphics offer larger dedicated graphics memory for your large data sets. System memory is expandable up to 256GB3 using the latest 2400MHz DDR4 ECCmemory technology. Processor: Intel Xeon® Processor E5-2603 v4 Memory: 64GB (4x16GB) 2400MHz DDR4 RDIMM ECC Graphics: NVidia Quadro FX 4000 Hard Drive - NVIDIA® Quadro® K2200 4GB Contact us:GlobalnettechMobile no: 9036010005, Office no: 080-65707504, Email address: enquiry@globalnetech.in , http://globalnetech.in/ Contact this User:    Your email: * Message: * Attachment: The following file types are not allowed: exe, com, bat, vbs, js, jar, scr, pif Maximum file size: 200KB Security Code: * Enter the code shown above into this textbox   Send Now Posted on: Monday, 10 October, 2016  08:08 Expires On: Tuesday, 18 April, 2017  02:38 Related Ads Dell Boomi Training Online workstation sharing office available in guindy dell boomi online training Dell latitude E-Series and HP ELITE BOOK starting prize 8500rs dell latitude laptop in different models go down Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact us| Post Free Ad| Chennai Classifieds| Jobs in India| Copyright © 2006 - 2016 ChennaiClassic.com Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Free Classifieds Ads Portal. All Rights Reserved Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.chennaiclassic.com Your most reliable resource for Jobs, Cars, plots, ads, Houses, Flats, Builders, Chennai Real Estate, Services ... Chennai Classic - Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Classified Ads Portal for Chennai Others Services
Chennai Classic .Com       No Fees... No Login... Just Post Ads!!!           Chennai Others | Providing all Others in Chennai (Madras) India Home  •  Post Classifieds India / Chennai / Services / Others ﻿ Warning: Avoid Scams and Fraud. Unless you are sure about the other party do not get involved in financial transactions Report Abuse | Email this Ad    Share Ultra-Speed Dell Precision T7810WorkstationRental Pune Reply to: (Use contact form below) (Please mention ChennaiClassic.com when contacting) Ultra-Speed Dell Precision T7810 Workstation Rental Pune.Choose the actively cooled Dell Precision Ultra-Speed Drive Duo and Quad PCIeNVMe SSD storage solutions for the fastest and most reliable way to store your content, up to 14xfaster than traditional SATA SSD storage. Processor: Intel Xeon® Processor E5-2603 v4 Memory: 64GB (4x16GB) 2400MHz DDR4 RDIMM ECC Graphics: NVidia Quadro FX 4000 Hard Drive - NVIDIA® Quadro® K2200 4GB Contact us:GlobalnettechMobile no: 9036010005, Office no: 080-65707504, Email address: enquiry@globalnetech.in , http://globalnetech.in/ Contact this User:    Your email: * Message: * Attachment: The following file types are not allowed: exe, com, bat, vbs, js, jar, scr, pif Maximum file size: 200KB Security Code: * Enter the code shown above into this textbox   Send Now Posted on: Monday, 10 October, 2016  08:08 Expires On: Tuesday, 18 April, 2017  02:38 Related Ads Dell Boomi Training Online Pune Airport Cab Booking - Beecabs Car Rental dell boomi online training Dell latitude E-Series and HP ELITE BOOK starting prize 8500rs dell latitude laptop in different models go down Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact us| Post Free Ad| Chennai Classifieds| Jobs in India| Copyright © 2006 - 2016 ChennaiClassic.com Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Free Classifieds Ads Portal. All Rights Reserved Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.chennaiclassic.com Your most reliable resource for Jobs, Cars, plots, ads, Houses, Flats, Builders, Chennai Real Estate, Services ... Chennai Classic - Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Classified Ads Portal for Chennai Others Services

Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  PCs & Laptops  »  All-in-one Desktops  »  Review Review: Lenovo ThinkCentre X1 by  Jonathan Bray  |  Monday 10 October 2016  | Comment Now Rating Overall: 45 "The Lenovo ThinkCentre X1 is a curious mixture of the good, the great and the downright frustrating." Price $2149 AUD > Pricing info Specs Dual-core 2.6GHz Intel Core i7-6600U processor • 8GB RAM • Intel HD Graphics 520 • 256GB SSD • 23.8in 1,920 x 1,080 IPS screen • 802.11ac Wi-Fi (2 x 2 MIMO antenna) • Bluetooth 4 • 1080p webcam • DisplayPort • 5 x USB 3 • SD card slot • Windows 10 Pro • 3yr on-site warranty • 570 x 240 x 452mm (WDH, with stand) • 5kg Tweet Email this Print this Feedback Arguably the most handsome all-in-one we’ve seen, and the most professional, but don’t Expect a powerhouse. T he all-in-one desktop PC scene has been dominated by Apple so comprehensively, and for so long, that the rest of the industry must wonder if it’s worth bothering to produce their own. There remain a steady trickle of other manufacturers producing machines, though, and Lenovo’s 24in ThinkCentre X1 is the most interesting to have rolled into the PC&TA Labs in quite some time. Approached from the front, you’d think there wasn’t much in the way to worry Apple. In typical Lenovo fashion, the ThinkCentre X1 is finished in black, and the wireless keyboard and mouse supplied with the machine are equally plain in appearance. There’s the signature red highlight or two – the dot above the “i” on the ThinkCentre logo in the bottom-left corner of the front bezel, and a red scrollwheel on the wireless mouse – but that’s as far as visual flair goes. Or so it seems. Have a look around the chassis, and it’s a different story. From front to back, the X1 measures an improbable 11.8mm at its thinnest point; and instead of aping the flat Apple foot, Lenovo offers a refreshingly different approach to the design of the stand. The ThinkCentre X1 is supported by a 13mm steel bar protruding from a heavy circular base, and it’s positioned such that the screen appears to float above the desk. It’s far more elegant than the lumpen Asus Zen AiO. It’s also a practical design. Instead of positioning all the ports and slots at the back, a pair of USB ports, one SD card slot and the system’s 3.5mm headphone jack live on the left side of the X1, so you don’t have to reach around the side or stand up and peer over the top to plug in peripherals. Missed opportunities However, it’s the finishing touches that make the iMacs so good, and this is where the X1 falls behind. Those wireless peripherals, while usable, are uninspiring when it comes to the overall design and feel. To be brutal, they feel cheap and nasty; the matte black plastic from which they’re made is a far cry from the slick peripherals Apple supplies with its iMacs. That stand, thin though it is, wobbles dramatically if you so much as nudge the screen, and Lenovo misses a trick by not specifying a touchscreen. Although its smooth and flush anti-glare screen looks as if you should be able to prod and poke it, the only result you’ll get if you touch it is a mess of greasy fingerprint marks. The Full HD resolution simply isn’t sufficient to compete with the market leaders. Stretched across 23.8in, the X1’s IPS panel is able to deliver a pixel density of only 93ppi, which means the pixel structure is plainly visible from normal working distances. Even the older non-Retina iMac has a sharper display. Its colour performance isn’t exactly sparkling, either. Although sRGB coverage of 95.1% ensures it doesn’t look flat, colour accuracy is far from convincing, with an average Delta E (the colour accuracy rating) of 3.07, and a maximum deviation of 6.02. The screen’s colour temperature is way off base, too, at 8,188K. Office duties only Given the description on Lenovo’s website of the X1 as “thin as a laptop, as powerful as a desktop PC”, my hopes were high. Not surprisingly, it isn’t quite as impressive as Lenovo makes it sound. The internals come straight from Intel’s mobile range, with even the most powerful model featuring only the dual-core, 2.6GHz Core i7-6600U. A score of 54 in our benchmarks means it looks underpowered when compared with the Asus Zen AiO, which powered to 110 thanks to a full desktop chip.  Still, the ThinkCentre is quicker than the Broadwell-based 4K iMac 21.7in, whose 1.6GHz Core i5-5250U scored 42, and the X1 feels snappy and responsive in general use – something that’s no doubt helped along by our review unit’s 256GB Samsung SSD. It isn’t the quickest flash drive on the planet, but it’s a darn sight better than a mechanical hard disk. And if you can’t spring for the SSD, it’s good to see that even the cheapest ThinkCentre X1 comes equipped with a hybrid drive as standard, so responsiveness shouldn’t suffer too badly if you trade down. Verdict The Lenovo ThinkCentre X1 is a curious mixture of the good, the great and the downright frustrating. I like the design, but the keyboard and mouse are a letdown; it’s responsive, but all-out performance is limited compared with Asus’s super-fast Zen AiO; and the screen, while offering impressive glare reduction, isn’t good enough for colour-critical work. But that doesn’t make this all-in-one PC a write-off. Despite all the business-friendly features – the inclusion of Windows 10 Pro, easy manageability courtesy of vPro versions of Intel’s Core processors, a Trusted Platform Module for extra-secure encryption – Lenovo has kept the price reasonable. It’s highly configurable, too, if you want to shave money off by choosing a lesser hard disk, for example. Is that enough to earn it a recommendation? Not quite. But it puts the ThinkCentre X1 into a different league than both the Asus Zen AiO and its more beautiful, but less functional, iMac rivals.  Related Reviews Review: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga Review: Dishonored 2 blinks back into our hearts Review: Watch Dogs 2, aka Mr Robot: The Game Review: HP EliteBook Folio G1 - great looks, terrible battery life One Minute Review: the Corsair Lapdog is surprisingly versatile Source: Copyright © PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia Pty Ltd Copyright © Alphr, Dennis Publishing See more about:  all in one  |  lenovo  |  pc  |  review  |  thinkcentre x1   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Silicon Valley wants California to leave the USA after Trump win     Gallery: The PCs of PAX Australia 2016     Apple has given up on the PC     Review: Seagate Barracuda Pro blows us away     Mag Lev is the zero gravity turntable of your sci-fi dreams   NOTE: You must be a registered member of PC & Tech Authority to post a comment. Click here to login | Click here to register More in All-in-one Desktops (1 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Lenovo ThinkCentre X1 << Prev Next >> View all All-in-one Desktops articles >> More in All-in-one Desktops (2 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Lenovo Ideacentre AIO 700 (23.8in) << Prev Next >> View all All-in-one Desktops articles >> More in All-in-one Desktops (3 of 10 articles) NEWS Microsoft's new Surface is an iMac rival, not a Surface 4 << Prev Next >> View all All-in-one Desktops articles >> More in All-in-one Desktops (4 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Apple iMac 21.5in (2015) << Prev Next >> View all All-in-one Desktops articles >> More in All-in-one Desktops (5 of 10 articles) NEWS Asus lifts the lid on ET2231IUK All-in-one PC << Prev Next >> View all All-in-one Desktops articles >> More in All-in-one Desktops (6 of 10 articles) NEWS How to play DVDs in Windows 10 << Prev Next >> View all All-in-one Desktops articles >> More in All-in-one Desktops (7 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Apple 27in iMac with Retina 5K display << Prev Next >> View all All-in-one Desktops articles >> More in All-in-one Desktops (8 of 10 articles) NEWS MSI lifts lid on with gaming-focused all-in-one Gaming 24 AIO desktop << Prev Next >> View all All-in-one Desktops articles >> More in All-in-one Desktops (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Lenovo adds to the Yoga line with the all-in-one Home 900 << Prev Next >> View all All-in-one Desktops articles >> More in All-in-one Desktops (10 of 10 articles) NEWS Imitation or flattery? Lenovo's latest hybrid is suspiciously similar to the Surface Pro 3 << Prev Next >> View all All-in-one Desktops articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in All-in-one Desktops News Microsoft's new Surface is an iMac rival, not a Surface 4 Review Review: Lenovo ThinkCentre X1 Feature Hands-on Preview: HP Sprout Gallery LG's Q1, Q2 2014 releases A-list Product Apple iMac 27in with Retina 5k display From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories How to use Microsoft OneNote to organise your minutes, memos and more 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Fitbit Charge 2 verdict: the best-value fitness band Which VMware partners did we see at vForum Sydney? Ingram Micro toasts 2016 partners Brisbane networking reseller liquidated as customers terminate orders without warning Telstra launches smart home-as-a-service Which Aussies did we spot at Cisco Partner Summit in San Francisco? Capgemini exposes millions of recruitment firm clients That's it for IPv4, go all IPv6: Internet Architecture Board How NAB is rebuilding online banking, piece by piece Big W shutters online shopping after data leak Banks rubbish Apple's security claims over NFC access 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege PSA: You can play Red Dead Redemption on PC… kinda 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 10 essential tips to get you started in Civilization VI EA Shooter Showdown: Titanfall 2 vs Battlefield 1 About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2016 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
null
Close NetGuide NZ - The rise of dedicated portable headsets Search Login About us OUR ASIAN NETWORK SecurityBrief Asia DataCenterNews Asia EnterpriseChannel Asia OUR AUSTRALIAN NETWORK IT Brief Australia SecurityBrief Australia ChannelLife Australia OUR NEW ZEALAND NETWORK Techday NetGuide NZ Educators NZ bizEDGE IT Brief NZ ChannelLife NZ SecurityBrief NZ ABOUT TECHDAY About Us Meet the Team FAQ Advertise Terms of Use Contact Us Singapore +65 3 159 0565 Australia +61 1300 092 195 New Zealand +64 9 376 8121 The latest consumer tech and gadget news for Kiwis Tags Ovum, VR, Oculus The rise of dedicated portable headsets October 10, 2016 10AM Contributor medium text large text In a busy week for VR headset announcements, just 48 hours after Google unveiled Daydream View, Oculus demoed a prototype of its dedicated portable VR headset at its annual developer forum. Unlike the conservative (but cheap) Google device, this new headset does have full movement sensing, and it bridges the gap between smartphone-based VR headsets and dedicated home VR headsets (such as Rift). We predicted the rise of these “dedicated portable VR headsets” in our VR headset forecast. At Oculus’s developer conference this week, the firm sought to regain momentum after a number of recent setbacks, including unfortunate publicity around founder Palmer Luckey’s political funding, shock at the leaked price of the Touch controllers, and the HTC Vive allegedly being favoured by developers. In among the Touch demos, reduced PC-spec requirements, and new content announcements was an intriguing demo of a tetherless headset (known as “Santa Cruz”) not requiring a smartphone – in Ovum’s VR headset forecast, we dubbed such headsets “dedicated portable VR headsets” and predicted a rosy future for them. While no actual product was announced, it will be interesting to see how this headset stacks up against those based on Intel’s Alloy design, Sulon’s long-awaited headset, and the raft of devices inbound from Chinese manufacturers (all dedicated portable headsets). Done right, Oculus’s experience of movement and positional tracking for the Rift should put it in good standing to provide a better experience than those attempting their first device. The downside of this headset type remains cost vs. performance; it won’t be as powerful as a full Rift or Vive, but it will have to include expensive dedicated components normally provided by a smartphone in the cheap Daydream View headsets. Article by Paul Jackson, Ovum analyst Are you keen to hear from an expert in this field? email facebook twitter google+ linkedin Related Ovum on gigabit broadband: Is it speed for speed's sake? Consumer-facing intelligent agents have promise – but beware the hype Workplace by Facebook: Can the social media giant convince IT decision makers? Google and Snapchat use AI and wearables to shake things up The rise of dedicated portable headsets EB Expo 2016 treats fans to a gaming extravaganza Follow Us Stay up-to-date! Get our top stories in your inbox by joining our email newsletter community. email Newsletters Get our top stories in your inbox by joining our email newsletter community. bizEDGE Educators NZ NetGuide NZ Sponsored > AOC introduces the AG271QG - the newest weapon in the AGON arsenal Gaming, Reviews, AOC, Monitor > Hands-on review: APC M5 Mobile Power Pack - keep gadgets chugging APC, Schneider Electric, Reviews, APC by Schneider Electric > Epson launches new and unrivalled innovation to the NZ market Printers, EcoTank, Epson Featured 2degrees gets network back on track for earthquake affected areas Review: Dragon Quest Builders is a fun Minecraft clone What is Boomerang? Instagram explains Footer OUR ASIAN NETWORK SecurityBrief Asia DataCenterNews Asia EnterpriseChannel Asia OUR AUSTRALIAN NETWORK IT Brief Australia SecurityBrief Australia ChannelLife Australia OUR NEW ZEALAND NETWORK Techday NetGuide NZ Educators NZ bizEDGE IT Brief NZ ChannelLife NZ SecurityBrief NZ ABOUT TECHDAY About Us Meet the Team FAQ Advertise Terms of Use Contact Us SOCIAL Facebook Twitter LinkedIn RSS Techday The latest consumer tech and gadget news for Kiwis Singapore +65 3 159 0565 Australia +61 1300 092 195 New Zealand +64 9 376 8121 Copyright © 2016 Techday Ltd, All rights reserved. Dedicated Servers powered by HD Scroll down to read:
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Linux > Linux Distributions FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Firewall      30% OFF! Solus Gets Linux Kernel 4.8.1, LibreOffice 5.2.2, and Radeon Vulkan Driver GO systemd user session support is now enabled by default Oct 9, 2016 21:00 GMT  ·  By Marius Nestor  ·  Share:  Just a few minutes ago, renowned Solus developer Joshua Strobl was proud to announce the 37th installation of This Week in Solus (TWiS) newsletter with the latest news about what happened in the Solus world during this week. First of all, it looks like Solus is the first stable (rolling) GNU/Linux operating system to offer the recently released Linux 4.8.1 kernel, which the Solus team garnished with a new layer of security to protect you against 0-day exploits, support for native sockets over a hypervisor, support for Microsoft Surface Pro 3's touch controller, as well as support for the power button on the new Dell XPS 13 Developer Edition laptop. We're all using the Word editor or editing XML documents in Excel, so an office suite is something that must be installed by default in any operating system. The popular LibreOffice has been updated recently to version 5.2.2, the second maintenance version to the latest stable series, which now is included in the main software repositories of Solus. Open-source AMD Radeon Vulkan driver now available Among other goodies that landed in Solus during this week, there's the enablement of the systemd user session by default, providing user service management, as well as the open-source AMD Radeon Vulkan graphics driver, along with the OpenSWR driver (Intel AVX2 - Advanced Vector Extensions). Of course, numerous applications and core components have been updated to their latest versions as of today, October 9, 2016, in the stable Solus repositories, and a bunch of new ones have been added to enhance the user experience. Therefore, we urge all those who use Solus to update their systems as soon as possible if they want to enjoy the latest and hottest GNU/Linux technologies and Open Source products. More details about the changes can be found in the newsletter. LibreOffice 5.2.2 in Solus   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (2 Images) #Solus#Linux kernel 4.8.1#LibreOffice 5.2.2#Radeon Vulkan driver#Linux subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Solus (2 Images) 01 02 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news AryaLinux 2016.08 Distro Puts Xfce into a New Light of Freshness and Usability Linux Kernel 4.4.24 LTS Has NFS and ARM Improvements, Many Updated Drivers DebEX GNOME Live DVD Released with GNOME 3.22, MATE 1.16, and Linux Kernel 4.8 LibreOffice 5.3 Office Suite Enters Development, Will Arrive in February 2017 Microsoft Pledges to Completely Retire Office 2007 Next Year Firefox 50.0 Officially Released for Linux, Mac and Windows, Here's What's New Some U.S. Android Phones Have Secret Backdoor That Sends Data to China Apple Insider Says iPhone 6 Plus Has a Major Bug, Company Should Start Recall Microsoft Pledges to Completely Retire Office 2007 Next Year X.Org Server 1.19.0 Officially Released, Coming Soon to a Linux Distro Near You Red Hat Software Collections 2.3 and Red Hat Developer Toolset 6 Available Now Linux Kernel 4.4.32 LTS Adds Networking Improvements, Updated AMDGPU Drivers 2 photos    Solus is powered by Linux kernel 4.8.4 Other Linux Distros openSUSE Linux: The new and improved SUSE Linux operating system, a community-driven distribution LFA (Linux For All): A 64-bit only Linux-based operating system that features four desktop environments Salix OS Xfce Live: A Live Linux distribution based on Slackware Linux and featuring the Xfce desktop environment Tails OS: An open source live Linux operating system focused on Internet privacy and anonymity 4MLinux Core: A core version of the 4MLinux operating system aimed for building your own distro NethServer: A beautifully engineered server oriented operating system based on the CentOS Linux technologies Black Lab Linux: An Ubuntu-based Linux operating system that features the Xfce desktop environment Reader comments Load old comments   Ubuntu Budgie Is Now an Official Ubuntu Flavor more on: Ubuntu Budgie i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
null
Chennai Classic .Com       No Fees... No Login... Just Post Ads!!!           Chennai Others | Providing all Others in Chennai (Madras) India Home  •  Post Classifieds India / Chennai / Services / Others ﻿ Warning: Avoid Scams and Fraud. Unless you are sure about the other party do not get involved in financial transactions Report Abuse | Email this Ad    Share Dell M6400MobileworkstationRental in Pune for engineering applications Reply to: (Use contact form below) (Please mention ChennaiClassic.com when contacting) Dell M6400 Mobile workstation Rental in Pune for engineering applications.Dell Precision laptops are members of the E-Family collection of modular components, which means any other E-Family docking station and other peripherals will prove compatible. Further, an 8-in-1 car reader, ExpressCard54 and PC Card slot are all standard on the Precision. Processor: Intel® Core TM I7 620M, Display: 17", Operating System: Win 7 Pro, Hard Disk: 500 GB, RAM : 4 GB, Optical Drives: DVD-ROM, CD-RW/DVD, DVD+/-RW, Multimedia: 2 speakers, optional dual array microphones, Optional 2MP camera, Slots: 8-in-1 card reader; Express Card 54; PC Card Contact us:Globalnet technologies Mobile no: +91 90360 10005, Office no: 080-65707504, Email address: enquiry@globalnetech.in , http://globalnetech.in/ Contact this User:    Your email: * Message: * Attachment: The following file types are not allowed: exe, com, bat, vbs, js, jar, scr, pif Maximum file size: 200KB Security Code: * Enter the code shown above into this textbox   Send Now Posted on: Sunday, 09 October, 2016  15:16 Expires On: Monday, 17 April, 2017  09:46 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact us| Post Free Ad| Chennai Classifieds| Jobs in India| Copyright © 2006 - 2016 ChennaiClassic.com Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Free Classifieds Ads Portal. All Rights Reserved Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.chennaiclassic.com Your most reliable resource for Jobs, Cars, plots, ads, Houses, Flats, Builders, Chennai Real Estate, Services ... Chennai Classic - Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Classified Ads Portal for Chennai Others Services
Chennai Classic .Com       No Fees... No Login... Just Post Ads!!!           Chennai Others | Providing all Others in Chennai (Madras) India Home  •  Post Classifieds India / Chennai / Services / Others ﻿ Warning: Avoid Scams and Fraud. Unless you are sure about the other party do not get involved in financial transactions Report Abuse | Email this Ad    Share Next Generation Mobile Workstation Dell M6400 Rental in Gurgaon Reply to: (Use contact form below) (Please mention ChennaiClassic.com when contacting) Next Generation Mobile Workstation Dell M6400 Rental in Gurgaon. Numerous connectivity options are available on Precision laptops. They include: Wireless LAN, Bluetooth 2.1, Ultra-Wideband, Next Generation Mobile Broadband, WWAN and GPS. Default ports include Fire wire, four USB 2.0, VGA, Display Port, RJ-45, audio and eSATA. Processor: Intel® Core TM I7 620M, Display: 17", Operating System: Win 7 Pro, Hard Disk: 500 GB, RAM : 4 GB, Optical Drives: DVD-ROM, CD-RW/DVD, DVD+/-RW, Multimedia: 2 speakers, optional dual array microphones, Optional 2MP camera, Slots: 8-in-1 card reader; Express Card 54; PC Card Contact us:Globalnet technologies Mobile no: +91 90360 10005, Office no: 080-65707504, Email address: enquiry@globalnetech.in , http://globalnetech.in/ Contact this User:    Your email: * Message: * Attachment: The following file types are not allowed: exe, com, bat, vbs, js, jar, scr, pif Maximum file size: 200KB Security Code: * Enter the code shown above into this textbox   Send Now Posted on: Sunday, 09 October, 2016  15:17 Expires On: Monday, 17 April, 2017  09:47 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact us| Post Free Ad| Chennai Classifieds| Jobs in India| Copyright © 2006 - 2016 ChennaiClassic.com Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Free Classifieds Ads Portal. All Rights Reserved Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.chennaiclassic.com Your most reliable resource for Jobs, Cars, plots, ads, Houses, Flats, Builders, Chennai Real Estate, Services ... Chennai Classic - Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Classified Ads Portal for Chennai Others Services
Chennai Classic .Com       No Fees... No Login... Just Post Ads!!!           Chennai Others | Providing all Others in Chennai (Madras) India Home  •  Post Classifieds India / Chennai / Services / Others ﻿ Warning: Avoid Scams and Fraud. Unless you are sure about the other party do not get involved in financial transactions Report Abuse | Email this Ad    Share Dell Workstation precision M6400 Mobileworkstation Rental in Chennai Reply to: (Use contact form below) (Please mention ChennaiClassic.com when contacting) Security protected Dell Mobile workstation precision M6400 Rental in Chennai. Numerous security features help protect Precisions from unauthorized access. All the following are supported as standard or optional features: Smart Card Reader, Fingerprint Reader, FIPS Fingerprint Reader, TPM 1.2, and the Wave Embassy Trust Suite. Processor: Intel® Core TM I7 620M, Display: 17", Operating System: Win 7 Pro, Hard Disk: 500 GB, RAM : 4 GB, Optical Drives: DVD-ROM, CD-RW/DVD, DVD+/-RW, Multimedia: 2 speakers, optional dual array microphones, Optional 2MP camera, Slots: 8-in-1 card reader; Express Card 54; PC Card Contact us:Globalnet technologies Mobile no: +91 90360 10005, Office no: 080-65707504, Email address: enquiry@globalnetech.in , http://globalnetech.in/ Contact this User:    Your email: * Message: * Attachment: The following file types are not allowed: exe, com, bat, vbs, js, jar, scr, pif Maximum file size: 200KB Security Code: * Enter the code shown above into this textbox   Send Now Posted on: Sunday, 09 October, 2016  15:15 Expires On: Monday, 17 April, 2017  09:45 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact us| Post Free Ad| Chennai Classifieds| Jobs in India| Copyright © 2006 - 2016 ChennaiClassic.com Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Free Classifieds Ads Portal. All Rights Reserved Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.chennaiclassic.com Your most reliable resource for Jobs, Cars, plots, ads, Houses, Flats, Builders, Chennai Real Estate, Services ... Chennai Classic - Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Classified Ads Portal for Chennai Others Services
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > QYResearch Report Tweet   Global Baseband Processor Sales Market Report 2016 Professional Market Report & Baseband Processor Industry & Published by QYResearch (EMAILWIRE.COM, October 09, 2016 ) Sample/TOC request, please email : phoebe@qyresearch.com Report summery The report provides a basic overview of the Baseband Processor industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. Development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures are also analyzed. This report also states import/export consumption, supply and demand figures, cost, price, revenue and gross margins. The report then analyzes the global Baseband Processor market size (volume and value), and the sales segment market is also discussed by product type, application and region. The major Baseband Processor market (including USA, Europe, China, Japan, etc.) is analyzed, data including: market size, import and export, sale segment market by product type and application. Then we forecast the 2016-2021 market size of Baseband Processor. The report focuses on global major leading companies providing information such as company profiles, sales, sales revenue, market share and contact information. Then the Baseband Processor OEM market and Baseband Processor production market status is discussed. Finally the marketing, feasibility of new investment projects are assessed and overall research conclusions offered. Players covering Qualcomm MediaTek Intel Broadcom Spreadtrum ... Part of the Catalog for reference: 2 Global Baseband Processor Competition by Manufacturers, Type and Application 2.1 Global Baseband Processor Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1.1 Global Baseband Processor Sales and Market Share of Key Manufacturers (2011-2016) 2.1.2 Global Baseband Processor Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2011-2016) 2.2 Global Baseband Processor (Volume and Value) by Type 2.2.1 Global Baseband Processor Sales and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 2.2.2 Global Baseband Processor Revenue and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 2.3 Global Baseband Processor (Volume and Value) by Regions 2.3.1 Global Baseband Processor Sales and Market Share by Regions (2011-2016) 2.3.2 Global Baseband Processor Revenue and Market Share by Regions (2011-2016) 2.4 Global Baseband Processor (Volume) by Application 3 USA Baseband Processor (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 3.1 USA Baseband Processor Sales and Value (2011-2016) 3.1.1 USA Baseband Processor Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2016) 3.1.2 USA Baseband Processor Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2016) 3.1.3 USA Baseband Processor Sales Price Trend (2011-2016) 3.2 USA Baseband Processor Sales and Market Share by Manufacturers 3.3 USA Baseband Processor Sales and Market Share by Type 3.4 USA Baseband Processor Sales and Market Share by Application ... Contact me: QYRESEARCH CO., LTD VILI International Building No.167 Linhe West Road Tianhe District Guangzhou China Phoebe Lee - QYResearch Report Global Sales Email: phoebe@qyresearch.com phoebe@qyresearchglobal.com Web: http://qyresearchglobal.com/ http://qyresearcheurope.com/ Contact Information: QYResearch Report qyresearch global Tel: 862086655165 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
Updated Hot Tags NASA Climate Change Mars Donald Trump Red Planet Experience us with dark theme sciencewr.com Home Space Nature & Environment Health & Medicine Tech Physics Human Video Stay Connected Facebook Twitter RSS Advertisement Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Release Date Update, Latest News: No Surface Pro 5 in Microsoft October Event? Here’s Why Meg K. First Posted: Oct 09, 2016 05:40 AM EDT Microsoft Surface Pro 5 is unlikely to get a 2016 release date. (Photo : Spencer Platt / Getty Images) The question which is bothering Microsoft fans and tech enthusiasts is when will the official announcement about Microsoft's next gen Surface Pro 5 release date, specs, features and pricing details be made. Rumors about Microsoft Surface Pro 5 have been making rounds for quite some time now. But, unfortunately, the software giant hasn't spoken even a single word about the highly anticipated device. Advertisement Notably, Microsoft has already sent out invites for its fall hardware event which will take place on Wednesday, October 26 in New York City starting 10 am ET. According to The Verge, the tech giant's upcoming event will revolve around Windows 10 software updates, Xbox related updates, Microsoft Surface device news as well as OEM devices. Microsoft's 2015 October event saw the unveiling of the Surface Pro 4, Microsoft Band 2 and the Surface Book laptop. Microsoft to launch new Surface PC at October 26th event https://t.co/03RB5vNNps pic.twitter.com/75dvXXeZpX — The Verge (@verge) October 7, 2016 But, as per reports, the company seems to be in no mood to refresh its existing Surface devices. In fact, rumors are that the tech giant will showcase OEM products instead. There are also reports which claim that Microsoft will launch a Surface All-in-One type device at the event. So, going by the reports, it seems Microsoft Surface Pro 5 is very much unlikely to get a 2016 release date. It is expected that Intel's latest Kaby Lake processor and Windows 10 Redstone 2 update are the main reasons behind the release delay. Among other specs, the Microsoft Surface Pro 5 is expected to come with a 4K Ultra HD display, 16 GB of RAM, AMD or Nvidia Pascal GPU, a 16MP main camera, an 8MP front camera, a fingerprint sensor, a rechargeable Surface Pen, a USB Type-C port and Thunderbolt 3. Advertisement The base model Microsoft Surface Pro 5 is expected to be priced around $899, while, the high end model is expected to cost a whopping $1,599. Interested people can live stream Microsoft's Oct. 26 Fall hardware event here. Be sure to check with SWR for latest news and updates on Microsoft Surface Pro 5 release date, specs and price details. TagsMicrosoft Surface Pro 5, Microsoft Surface Pro 5 specs, Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Release date, Microsoft Surface Pro 5 price, Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Update, Microsoft Surface Pro 5 latest news ©2016 ScienceWorldReport.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. The window to the world of science news. Related Articles Four Students Solve Facebook Fake News Problem In 36 Hours Best Black Friday 2016 Surface Pro 4 Deals: Best Buy, Amazon, Microsoft, Costco,... Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ads: PS4 For $219, Final Fantasy For $8, Find Out More... Best Xbox One S/ PS4 Deals 2016 [VIDEO]: Xbox, Walmart And GameStop’s Black Fr... 1962 Ferrari 250 GTO: The Most Expensive Car Ever! Here’s What Makes The Histo... Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Join the Conversation Go to Top Stay Connected Facebook Twitter RSS Advertisement More on SCIENCEWR NES Classic Edition: New Stock Coming Out Soon, Nintendo Promises To Replinish All Retailers Best Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals: Fire Tablet At $33.33, Upto 50% Discount on Echo, Fire TV Stick At $29.99 'Clash of Clans' December Update Release Date, Latest News: Leak Confirms New Ships, New Creatures & Air Defense Levels! Update Patch Arriving This Week? 'Final Fantasy 7' Remake Release Date, Latest News, Update: Game’s 2018 Launch Confirmed? Advertisement Most Read on SCIENCEWR Hundreds Witness Burning Disk-Shaped UFO Crashing To Earth; Alien Hunters In A Frenzy Al Gore Offers To Work With Trump On Climate Change Million Dollar Worth Of Whale Vomit Found By Fishermen; Treasure Of The Ocean Advertisement LG G6 Release Date, Specs, Price Rumors: LG To Drop Modular Design in G6? Handset To Feature Better Specs Than G5! Black Friday Best PS4 Deals 2016: Lowest Price On PS4 Slim 500GB At $175, Check Out Best Deals Here Research: Death Of Coral Reefs Can Affect Millions Of People China Launches X-Ray Pulsar Satellite To Make Deep Space Navigation Easier, More Reliable More Popular News Advertisement Spotlight Supermoon 101: Tips On How To Capture And Watch The Super Moon Time Lapse Of Saturn’s Titan Shows Methane Clouds Black Friday Best PS4 Deals 2016: Lowest Price On PS4 Slim 500GB At $175, Check Out Best Deals Here Verizon BOGO Deals : 50% Off On Premium Android Phones, At Least $300 Discount Offered Advertisement Categories Space & The Future Nature & Environment Health & Medicine Tech Physics Human Video Categories About us Privacy Policy Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters ! 45° Share Pictures and videos from this year’s Balloon Fiesta By ABQJournal News Staff Published: Sunday, October 9th, 2016 at 4:00am Updated: Sunday, October 9th, 2016 at 6:51am Jose Mendez and his son Matias of Chihuahua, Mexico wave to a balloon as it takes off during the Mass Ascension Saturday morning. Saturday Oct. 08, 2016. (Jim Thompson/Albuquerque Journal) .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... CLICK TO VIEW: To honor the 45th anniversary of Balloon Fiesta, the Journal took a trip back in time through the paper’s archives to unearth some of the best black-and-white photographs shot by Journal photographers between 1972 and 1991.     Landings recorded live on Facebook Advertisement Continue reading YouTube videos Saturday’s Schedule For the latest on conditions and updates from the Fiesta, download the Albuquerque Journal’s app. Advertisement Continue reading Morning Session 6:00 – Dawn Patrol Show, presented by Route 66 Casino Hotel & RV Resort 6:00 – Laser Light Show 6:30 – Krispy Kreme Morning Glow 7:00 – Farewell Mass Ascension 8:30-11:00 – AIBF Chainsaw Carving Q&A Getting there Traffic is expected to be heavy on I-25 northbound and southbound, and on Tramway and Alameda approaching Balloon Fiesta Park. Advertisement Continue reading Park & Ride will be running. Here are the locations: East Side – Airport Parking I-25 & Sunport located at 1501 Aircraft Avenue SE, follow signs off of Aircraft Avenue. – Hoffmantown Church – 8888 Harper Road NE, Park in the northeast lot only. – Coronado Mall – 6600 Menaul Boulevard NE, park in the southwest corner near San Pedro. West Side – Intel (southern parking lot) – Highway 528/Rio Rancho Blvd. Enter the Park & Ride lot at either Westside Blvd. or 21st street and follow the signs. – Cottonwood Mall (northeast parking lot) – located at 10000 Coors Bypass near Seven Bar Loop. Park & Ride prices Same-day purchase at Park & Ride locations. Balloon Park admission and service charge is included. – Adults (13-61) – $22 – Seniors (62 and older) – $20 – Children (6-12) – $10 – Children (5 and under) – Free Share Tweet LinkedIn Print Subscribe ABQnews Seeker Balloon Fiesta Fiesta News in the Paper Suggested Stories: Pictures from Wednesday's Balloon Fiesta launch – Oct 5, 2016 Pictures: Thursday's balloons soar, Glow is a go – Oct 6, 2016 Pictures: Friday's balloons take to the skies – Oct 7, 2016 Saturday's Balloon Fiesta glow canceled due to wind – Oct 8, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
null
null
null
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Global Hyperscale Data Center Market (2016 - 2022) News provided by ReportBuyer Oct 10, 2016, 18:59 ET Share this article LONDON, Oct. 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Hyperscale data center offers single and largely expandable compute architecture. The architecture offers computing, networking and storage solutions and is built from small, individual servers called nodes, which are grouped together as a single entity and accordingly managed. The hyperscale data center is very economical as a technology; therefore, is a perfect solution for low investment approach. Adding to the benefit, as the demand increases, new nodes can easily added to the existing infrastructure. Large companies such as Amazon and Google have implemented hyperscale data centers; therefore, the demand has been unprecedented. Efficiency is the key factor to be considered in the context of hyperscale data center, as thousands of nodes are interconnected and error in design can prove disastrous. A small error in design can have a significant impact on the cost of computation. Though efficiency is vital, the design and layout also play a vital role in the process. Additionally, power, HVAC, networking and layout of racks also affect the computation cost. Designing is a pivotal factor, as it helps minimizing inefficiency at the rack, node and facility level. The report highlights the adoption of Hyperscale Data Center. Based on the component type, the Hyperscale Data Center market is segmented into Servers, Networking and Others. The market is segmented into Cloud Providers, Collocation and Enterprises bases upon the User type. The Applications highlighted in this report include IT & Telecom, BFSI, Government Utilities, Healthcare, Energy, Manufacturing and Others (Education & Retail). Based on region, Hyperscale Data Center market is segmented into North America (US, Canada, Mexico and Rest of North America), Europe (Germany, UK, France, Russia, Spain, Italy and Rest of Europe), Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, India, South Korea, Singapore, Malaysia and Rest of Asia-Pacific) and Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. North America remained the dominant region in the global Hyperscale Data Center market in 2015. Asia-Pacific would witness highest CAGR during the forecast period (2016-2022). The report covers the analysis of key stake holders of the Hyperscale Data Center market. Key companies profiled in the report include IBM Corporation, Cisco Systems, Inc., HP Enterprise Company, Microsoft Corporation, Intel Corporation, Google Inc., Amazon.com, Inc. and SAP SE. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4175764/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com   Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-hyperscale-data-center-market-2016---2022-300342224.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Oct 10, 2016, 19:01 ET Preview: Defense Spends (Air Force, Army and Navy) in Europe, 2012 to 2020 Oct 10, 2016, 18:57 ET Preview: High Voltage Capacitors: World Markets, Technologies & Opportunities: 2016-2021 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 15, 2016, 22:58 ETTransformer Monitoring System Market by Type, Application,... Nov 15, 2016, 22:51 ETAsia-Pacific Hotels Market Analytics to 2020: Rooms and Revenue... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Hyperscale Data Center Market (2016 - 2022) News provided by ReportBuyer Oct 10, 2016, 18:59 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
null
Search for: About DCK Data Center World Subscribe Events Training Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Companies White Papers Regions Infrastructure Design Power Cooling Green Modular Data Centers DCIM InfoCenter Servers Downtime Networking Sectors Cloud Computing Big Data Bitcoin Executive Government Supercomputing / HPC Managed Hosting Colocation Storage DCIM InfoCenter Webcasts Industry Perspectives Data Center Knowledge Top Trending Articles Previous Article Top 5 Data Center Stories: Week of October 7 Next Article NetSuite Shares Fall After Oracle Says Deal Needs More Support Racks of servers inside an IBM SoftLayer data center (Photo: IBM) Cloud Computing, Data Center Design, Data Center Strategies, Featured, IBM, Site Selection Cloud by the Megawatt: Inside IBM’s Cloud Data Center Strategy by Yevgeniy Sverdlik  on October 10, 2016 Add Your Comments Tweet Whenever Francisco Romero hears a client tell him they need so many thousand cloud VMs and an X amount of storage and connectivity across the sites that will host them, in his head, he converts the requirement into megawatts. They may be asking for 10,000 VMs of various kinds, but to him that means he has to deliver 1MW or 2MW of data center capacity, depending on the VMs. Little drives home the physical nature of cloud computing better than this. As chief operating officer of IBM SoftLayer, Romero oversees the data center strategy that underpins IBM’s entire cloud business, as the company battles in the market dominated by Amazon Web Services and, to a much lesser extent, Microsoft Azure. All major US hardware vendors have tried and failed to become formidable rivals to Amazon in the cutthroat cloud infrastructure market; all except Oracle and IBM, which continues to expand both technological capabilities of its cloud and the global infrastructure that makes it all possible. IBM’s Infrastructure-as-a-Service cloud, its Platform-as-a-Service cloud, called Bluemix, as well as the plethora of Software-as-a-Service offerings, including services enhanced by Watson, its Artificial Intelligence technology, run in SoftLayer data centers. “We are the main delivery mechanism for those,” Romero, who joined SoftLayer four years before IBM acquired the Dallas-based data center provider in 2013, said. There are three basic flavors of infrastructure for nearly every cloud service IBM provides: public cloud, private cloud, and on-premise private cloud. SoftLayer data centers host infrastructure for the first two, he explained. This excludes cloud managed services, for things like SAP or Oracle applications, which are hosted in non-SoftLayer facilities IBM either builds or leases around the world. Taking into account IaaS alone, IBM had the fourth-largest cloud market share in 2015, according to Structure Research. With an estimated $583 million in revenue that year, its IaaS business was slightly behind Rackspace’s, which turned over $646 million. For the sake of comparison, AWS raked in $7.88 billion, while Microsoft Azure is estimated to have made $1.209 billion, according to Structure. Read more: Top Cloud Providers Made $11B on IaaS in 2015, But It’s Only the Beginning Since early 2014, IBM has been expanding its cloud data center footprint. That January, it announced a commitment of $1.2 billion to add 15 data centers around the world to the 13 SoftLayer and 12 IBM facilities that existed at the time. These expansion activities focused in part on adding new locations but also on expanding capacity in markets where the company already had cloud infrastructure. SoftLayer’s website currently lists 31 data centers in 22 markets across North America, Europe, and Asia Pacific. There are also numerous network Points of Presence in places like Los Angeles, Chicago, New York, Stockholm, and Perth, among others. Map of IBM SoftLayer data center locations, as of October 2016. (Image: IBM) Growing in Place Expansion in existing locations has been an important part of the strategy. As more enterprise customers deploy more critical workloads in the cloud, they are engineering those applications to take advantage of multiple availability zones in each region for load balancing and disaster recovery. In response, Romero’s team has been adding data centers in existing regions to increase the number of availability zones IBM’s cloud offers. The European Commission’s annulment of Safe Harbor laws last year added another incentive to expand capacity in existing regions. When the set of rules that had for 15 years governed cross-border data flows between the US and all EU countries was in place, cloud customers had little concern about having a primary data center in Frankfurt, for example, and a disaster-recovery site in Amsterdam. Once Safe Harbor was struck down and each country was left to its own devices to regulate data flows, cloud users became a lot more interested in multi-site infrastructure within a single country, Romero said. This past August, Europe enacted a replacement for Safe Harbor, a set of regulations titled EU-US Privacy Shield, but companies have been slow to sign up, many weighing other compliance options. Expanding the Empire The newest markets IBM recently entered with SoftLayer data centers are Seoul and Oslo. The company weighs a number of factors before deciding to extend infrastructure into a new market. The most obvious one is demand: there has to be a critical mass of customers it knows will want cloud capacity in a new geography before it makes the investment. Another big consideration is network infrastructure. India, for example, has lots of demand for cloud services, but very limited and expensive connectivity options, Romero said. IBM announced the first SoftLayer data center in India, located in Chennai, one year ago. Like other cloud providers, SoftLayer prefers to team up with a local partner when going into a new market. It partnered with local telcos in both Seoul and Oslo on launching data centers in those cities. Besides having a partner familiar with the local market, this strategy also helps in places with subpar infrastructure. Partnering with a telco, for example, means the partner will be incentivized to invest in new infrastructure to ensure the venture succeeds, Romero explained. Cloud by the Megawatt While emerging markets in Asia are growing fast, demand for cloud services in the US continues to grow faster than anywhere else in the world, according to Romero. “The US for sure is ahead of everybody else,” he said. This is because the US cloud market is the most mature one. While even in Europe most cloud customers are still testing the waters with cloud services, US companies are now starting to shift really large critical workloads to the cloud, he said. IBM is now seeing cloud deals in the US that require commitments of 3MW to 5MW of data center capacity, keeping Romero and his team busy working in a whole new paradigm in capacity planning and deployment. Unlike Amazon, Microsoft, and Google, who lease data centers and build their own, SoftLayer has so far relied exclusively on data center providers. Today, it uses around six providers, but its biggest one is Digital Realty Trust. IBM is Digital Realty’s biggest tenant by annualized rent, occupying close to 1 million square feet in 23 locations and generating more than $115 million in annualized rent for the San Francisco-based data center REIT, according to investor documents available on Digital’s website. These include both leases with SoftLayer and with IBM, which has numerous non-SoftLayer data centers built for various purposes around the world. One of the reasons Digital Realty gets so much SoftLayer business is that the cloud provider has a very specific uniform design for all data centers it deploys, and Digital has been delivering on that design for many years. It includes specific cooling and power density requirements, room layouts, strict PUE caps, tight SLAs for temperature and humidity ranges, and infrastructure redundancy, among other things. Unlike other cloud giants, who use N+1 redundancy for UPS systems and other electrical infrastructure components in their mega-scale data centers, SoftLayer requires 2N UPS and treats this requirement as a major differentiator, Romero said. Put simply, N+1 means there are enough UPS units to handle the required load and one extra to compensate if one of the primary ones fails. 2N means there is full redundancy for the entire UPS plant. SoftLayer’s design requires the ability to deliver variable power densities on the data center floor, anywhere between 3kW and 16kW per rack, for example. While power draw by physical hosts for cloud VMs is fairly predictable, power can fluctuate widely for bare-metal cloud servers, Romero said. Those rack-density ranges also change on a regular basis. The team revisits them about every six months, as Intel introduces new chipsets, to evaluate how much power the next generation of servers will need. Changes Ahead Romero doesn’t expect SoftLayer’s design requirements and its overall data center strategy to remain static. IBM’s cloud business has reached a scale where starting to invest in building its own data centers is an ongoing discussion for his team. They are also evaluating new design innovations, such as modular in-row cooling, and becoming curious about data center providers with new ideas about structuring leases with their clients. Instead of pushing the client to reserve big chunks of capacity ahead of time, whether there is immediate need for it or not, these companies offer the option to increase the commitment incrementally, while still willing to build ahead to ensure capacity is available when the need comes. “Now we’re seeing providers that are willing to be much more creative with those commercial terms,” Romero said. Previous Article Top 5 Data Center Stories: Week of October 7 Next Article NetSuite Shares Fall After Oracle Says Deal Needs More Support Tweet Get Daily Email News from DCK!Subscribe now and get our special report, "The World's Most Unique Data Centers." Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. About the Author Yevgeniy Sverdlik (1258 Posts) San Francisco-based business and technology journalist. Editor in chief at Data Center Knowledge, covering the global data center industry. Related Stories Cloud Computing What Cloud and AI Do and Don’t Mean for Google’s Data Center Strategy by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on May 19, 2016 A Data Center Knowledge Q&A with Joe Kava, Google's VP of data centers Read More Cloud Computing IBM Strikes More Direct Cloud Connectivity Deals with Data Center Providers by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on December 4, 2015 Adds more data center options, offers colo space in IBM data centers Read More Cloud Computing Here’s IBM’s Data Center Strategy for Bluemix PaaS by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on October 16, 2015 Giving customers maximum control over location of their data is key in addressing Europe's new data sovereignty issues Read More Cloud Computing With Sao Paulo Online, IBM Nears Completion of Global Cloud Data Center Build-Out by Michael Vizard on September 15, 2015 SoftLayer cloud network now stretches over about 30 data centers in 12 countries Read More Cloud Computing IBM Launches Its First Cloud Data Center in Italy by Jason Verge on June 16, 2015 Italy is an emerging European cloud market with over 30 percent growth year over year Read More Add Your Comments Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (required) (will not be published) Website Get Daily Email News from DCK! Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Plus RSS Feeds Featured Cloud Articles Cold Storage in the Cloud: Comparing AWS, Google, Microsoft Top Cloud Providers Made $11B on IaaS in 2015, but It’s Only the Beginning Featured Cooling Articles Dell Designs Custom Liquid Cooling System for eBay Data Centers Yahoo Wants to Sell Its ‘Chicken Coop’ Data Center Designs Archived Articles Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 Inside DCK About Us Advertise Staff Contact Us Submit News Submit Guest Column Site Map Hot Topics DCIM News Downtime HPC / Supercomputing Facebook Apple Microsoft Google Northern Virginia New York Silicon Valley North Carolina News Channels White Papers Events Calendar Virtualization Consolidation Open Compute Internet of Things Storage Convergence Disaster Recovery Managed Hosting Content Delivery Site Selection Investing Stay Connected Daily Email Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Data Center Videos Humor Webinars Hosting and Cloud Web Hosting Talk HostingCon WHIR Hosting Catalog Hottest Hosts Data Center Data Center Knowledge Data Center World AFCOM Web Development Hot Scripts DB Forums Performance Marketing ABestWeb Consumer Tech Windows Secrets Overclockers Mac Forums Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Services Advertise Hosting By: LiquidWeb Powered by Penton Copyright © Penton Thank you Thank you for providing feedback. We receive a lot of feedback/requests so we cannot always respond immediately. We will do our best to respond to your feedback.
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Laptops Laptops News Microsoft Surface AIO Expected to Be Launched at October 26 Windows 10 Event  Ketan Pratap, 10 October 2016 Share on FacebookTweetShareShareEmailReddit Highlights Microsoft's October 26 event will focus on Windows 10 The event will be live streamed All new Surface branded AIO expected at October 26 event Microsoft has announced an event on October 26 in New York City where the company says it will reveal "what's next for Windows 10." This is being thought to be the new Surface desktop that was tipped earlier. The event will kick off on October 26 at 10am EDT (or 7:30pm IST) and will be live streamed. Ahead of the fall event, Microsoft has indicated that it will be all about the next chapter in the Windows 10. As we mentioned, apart from software-related announcements and incremental updates to certain features in Windows 10, Microsoft is expected to showcase an all-in-one (AIO) PC under its Surface brand. The Surface all-in-one device was rumoured in July.The upcoming AIO under Surface branding is codenamed "Cardinal", as per the earlier report. It is expected to be showcased in three screen sizes - 21-inches, 24-inches, and 27-inches. Rumours claim that the Redmond giant may unveil all three at the event or at least one will be showcased. Unfortunately, the specifications of the alleged AIO PC have been successfully kept under wraps and speculations will likely begin as we approach closer to the event. Microsoft is said to be launching the Surface AIO PC as a consolation of sorts as the unveiling of the second-generation Surface Book was reportedly shifted from the second half of 2016 to first half 2017 due to delay in CPU shipments by Intel. Previous reports have already suggested that Microsoft is working on a Surface Phone which is said to debut in early 2017. ZDNet's Mary Jo Foley also speculates that Microsoft may highlight a bunch of OEM partners at the October 26 event. Tags: Microsoft, Windows 10, Surface, Surface AIO, Surface Desktop Ketan PratapEmail Ketan Ketan Pratap covers daily news and rumours at Gadgets 360. He attended IIMC (Indian Institute of Mass Communication), majoring in English Journalism. Ketan is a ... More Tech Giants Race for Edge in Artificial Intelligence Yahoo Job Reviews Discriminated Against Men, Lawsuit Claims Microsoft Surface AIO Expected to Be Launched at October 26 Windows 10 Event MESSAGE Ketan Pratap Fields marked with * are mandatory From: *   Email:   Message: *   2000             Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest OnePlus 3T Gionee S9 Vivo V5 Huawei Mate 9 Pro HTC Bolt Hyve Pryme Panasonic P71 Zopo Color F2 Motorola Moto M Lyf F8 Asus ZenFone 3 Max (ZC553KL) General Mobile GM5 Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime Xiaomi Redmi 4 Micromax Canvas Spark 4G Porsche Design Huawei Mate 9 Meizu Pro 6s Samsung W2017 Huawei Mate 9 Popular iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones From Gadgets 360 Shop » RDP ThinBook 1430B 14.1 I... In Laptops Buy Now Rs. 12,999Rs. 11,499 Vidyut 10.1 Inch Netbook ... In Laptops Buy Now Rs. 8,499Rs. 5,999 Panasonic Eluga Turbo In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 13,999Rs. 7,999 Yu Yureka Plus In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 12,500Rs. 6,389 OPINIONSALL AUTHORS Gopal Sathe UPI Could Help With the Cash Crunch - So Why Is No One Using It? Akhil Arora FIFA 17 The Journey: Why, EA Sports, Why? Kunal Dua MacBook Pro 2016 Is the Touchscreen Mac You've Always Wanted Advertisement Recent Vivo Says Will Double India Manufacturing Capacity by Next Year Oxford University's First Free Open Online Course Kicks Off Next Year LeEco Secures $600 Million in Funding to Boost Electric Car Business Some Games Run Better on PS4 Than PS4 Pro, Claims Report Apple's New Design Book Has 450 Photos Chronicling 20 Years of Products Google's New AI-Based Mini-Game 'Quick Draw' Is Both Fun and Impressive Latest Transformation Helps Google Translate Become Better Than Ever Google Announces Artificial Intelligence Group for Google Cloud Microsoft Partners With Elon Musk-Backed Startup OpenAI GE Acquires Two Artificial Intelligence Startups More News TRENDING OnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3: What's New and Different How to Get WhatsApp Video Calling Right Now Vivo V5 First Impressions OnePlus 3T With Snapdragon 821 SoC, 128GB Storage Launched How Much Data Does WhatsApp Video Calling Consume Compared to Other Apps? Vivo V5 With 20-Megapixel Front Camera, Front Flash Launched in India Google's New Mobile App Wants to Help Digitise Your Old Photos Microsoft Partners With Elon Musk-Backed Startup OpenAI This Website Can Help You Find Nearby ATMs With Cash What Is Paytm Wallet, and How to Use It? Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2016. All rights reserved.

About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > MarketsandMarkets Tweet   Silicon Photonics Market worth 1,078.9 Million USD by 2022 Silicon Photonics Market report categoriesed global market by Component (Optical Waveguides, Optical Modulators, Photo Detectors, WDM, Lasers), Product (Transceivers, Active Optical Cables, Multiplexers, and Attenuators), Application & Geography. (EMAILWIRE.COM, October 10, 2016 ) The silicon photonics market is expected to reach USD 1,078.9 Million by 2022, at a CAGR of 22.1% between 2016 and 2022. The base year used for this study is 2015, and the forecast period is between 2016 and 2022. The telecommunication and data communication applications are becoming popular due to the high demand for high-speed data transmission in networking services. Silicon photonics is an emerging technology, which focuses on the definitive goal of providing the microelectronics world with the ultra-large-scale integration of components at a low cost and without any significant changes in their performance. Browse 89 market data Tables and 56 Figures spread through 166 Pages and in-depth TOC on "Silicon Photonics Market - Global Forecast to 2022". Download Free PDF Brochure @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownload.asp?id=116 Early buyers will receive 10% customization on this report. High demand for active components and active optical cables expected to drive the silicon photonics market The market for active components is expected to grow at the highest CAGR between 2016 and 2022. Active components include optical modulators, photo detectors, wavelength-division multiplexing filters, switches, and lasers integrated within a single device, providing a smaller form factor with the help of silicon photonics. The advancements in silicon photonics-based networking services would lead the silicon photonics market. The demand for the installation of silicon as an optical medium in photonics device for high-speed data transmission with low cost is growing. Therefore, the demand for active components in silicon photonics is high. Data communication application expected to witness the highest growth between 2016 and 2022 The market for the data communication application is expected to grow at the highest CAGR between 2016 and 2022. The demand for high-speed data transfer in data centers is expected to boost the market for silicon photonics technology. In this application, silicon photonics enhances performance in terms of computation, communication, and measurement to fulfill the needs of consumers and enterprise cloud services. This would drive the growth of the silicon photonics market for the data communication application. APAC expected to hold the largest market share and witness high growth during the forecast period The silicon photonics market in APAC is expected to grow at the highest CAGR between 2016 and 2022. The reason for this growth is adoption of new technologies, economic growth, and increasing use of cloud-based and networking services in the corporate world. The rapid increase in technological innovations and advanced communication systems are driving the demand for silicon photonics in China, Japan, India, and South Korea. Most of the developments in telecommunication and data communication applications are expected in this region. Therefore, the market in APAC is expected to grow rapidly during the forecast period. Request Sample @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/requestsample.asp?id=116 The key players in the ecosystem of the silicon photonics market profiled in this report are Cisco Systems, Inc. (U.S.), Intel Corporation (U.S.), IBM Corporation (U.S.), Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. (U.S., Israel), Hamamatsu Photonics K.K. (Japan), STMicroelectronics N.V. (Switzerland), Infinera Corporation (U.S.), Finisar Corporation (U.S.), Luxtera Inc. (U.S.), DAS Photonics (Spain), and Aurrion Inc. (U.S.). Contact: Mr. Rohan MarketsandMarkets 701 Pike Street Suite 2175, Seattle, WA 98101, United States Tel: 1-888-600-6441 Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com Contact Information: MarketsandMarkets Mr. Rohan Tel: 1-888-600-6441 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
