Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good HPE tape library permits unauthorised remote access Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Intel Mcafee Tpg Business The Channel McAfee's back! Intel flogs security software biz, pockets $3.1bn Chipzilla wing loses $3.5bn in six years – almost as fast as John McAfee in a strip club 7 Sep 2016 at 23:01, Iain Thomson Iain Thomson Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Nsa, Nasa, Apple, Microsoft, Google Recent Articles Living with the Pixel XL – Google's attempt at a high-end phone El Paso city bungs $3.2m to email crooks pretending to be bosses Look out, SpaceX et al – China's Long March-5 rocket blasts off Intel is selling off a majority stake in its security software arm – formerly known as McAfee – to private equity firm TPG, which will rename itself to, er, McAfee. Chipzilla absorbed McAfee Inc in 2010 for $7.68bn, and in 2014 it phased out the McAfee brand name. According to Intel, that software division is today valued at just $4.2bn including debt. When the transaction completes, the processor giant will get $3.1bn in cash and retain a 49 per cent in the spun-off McAfee, while TPG gets majority control and promises a $1.1bn equity investment for future operations. "Security remains important in everything we do at Intel, and going forward we will continue to integrate industry-leading security and privacy capabilities in our products from the cloud to billions of smart, connected computing devices," said Brian Krzanich, CEO of Intel. "As we collaborate with TPG to establish McAfee as an independent company, we will also share in the future success of the business and in the market demand for top-flight security solutions, creating long-term value for McAfee's customers, partners, employees and Intel's shareholders." Chris Young, the general manager of Intel Security, will run the new operation and, in a letter to customers, partners, and staff [PDF], said Intel would continue to play a technological role in the reborn McAfee, and the investment from TPG would allow a faster rollout of new products and technologies. For its part, TPG gets a stake in a growing IT market that could prove very lucrative. Intel Security/McAfee pulled in revenues of $1.1bn in the last quarter, up 11 per cent, and generated an operating income of $182m. "We have long identified the cybersecurity sector, which has experienced strong growth due to the increasing volume and severity of cyberattacks, as one of the most important areas in technology," said Bryan Taylor, a partner at TPG. "Given McAfee's leading global market position, loyal customer base, and trusted technology, we see a compelling opportunity to invest in a highly strategic platform that is growing consistently and addressing significant and evolving market demand." Rumors of a sale by Intel have been circulating for months and for good reason. The company is looking to refocus on its core business and security software doesn't fit into that model. Some Intel Security execs would, after a few drinks, expound at length about how Intel didn't really "get" the former McAfee team. Now the software outfit will have some independence and many of those execs will be happy with their new overlords in comparison. However, there may be a fly in the ointment for the new organization if John McAfee – the man who founded and named the company – wrestles his brand back. ® Sponsored: Magic quadrant for enterprise mobility management suites Tips and corrections 10 Comments More from The Register Kill Flash now. Or patch these 36 vulnerabilities. Your choice One bug being exploited right now in the wild 51 Comments A successor to Mirai? Newly discovered malware aims to create fresh IoT botnet Dubbed Linux/IRCTelnet, nasty's source code based on Aidra 11 Comments Apple fans using Chrome on alert for Mac malware Google AdWords has been spewing software nasties 20 Comments Nymaim malware got a major 'upgrade', says Verint It's nearly 2017, and Word macros are STILL spreading malware 5 Comments WikiLeaks uploads 300+ pieces of malware among email dumps Freedom. Justice. Openness. And some entirely avoidable p0wnage for good luck 45 Comments Undetectable NSA-linked hybrid malware hits Intel Security radar While Flash malware nastiness detections quadruple – we're all clearly doomed 56 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Demand-driven application control: assuring application performance The evolution of enterprise applications, the data centers in which they reside and the increasing expectations of businesses and end-users on the Quality of Service delivered. Protecting and Empowering your Connected Organization There’s a big change happening in IT security and device management. Security was once largely limited to the confines of an on-premises world, but now it must extend to the cloud, as well as a myriad of mobile devices. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Hewlett Packard Enterprise to outsource global IT team to CSC borg Spotlight Broadcom would certainly be broader with Brocade on board EMC Dell deal: They're loved up and living together, but whose house rules? NSA, GCHQ and even Donald Trump are all after your data British jobs for British people: UK tech rejects PM May’s nativist hiring agenda Big Mickey Dell is wrong: Cloud ain't going to eat all of IT Will Microsoft's nerd goggles soar like an Eagle, or flop like a turkey? First look at Windows Server 2016: 'Cloud for the masses'? We'll be the judge of that Rage-making, anxiety-inducing tech distributors: An ode Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null

  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Security > Security Blog FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Firewall      30% OFF! Intel Spins Off McAfee as Standalone Company for $3.1 Billion GO Intel will keep a 49 percent stake in the new company Sep 7, 2016 22:30 GMT  ·  By Catalin Cimpanu  ·  Share:  Today, Intel has announced plans to sell off a majority stake in Intel Security (formerly McAfee) to TPG, a US investment firm. Intel will be branching out the Intel Security division into a new standalone company with an initial value of $4.2 billion. Intel will get $3.1 billion from TPG and will keep a 49 percent stake after the transaction's completion. TPG will receive a majority stake of 51 percent and will invest a further $1.1 billion in the new company, which will be renamed back to McAfee. Intel has said that Senior Vice President and Intel Security General Manager Chris Young along with the existing management team will continue in their roles at the new company. "The new company will be one of the world’s largest pure-play cybersecurity companies," Intel has stated in its official press release. Intel Security's current strong points include endpoint and cloud security products. Intel bought McAfee for $7.68 billion in January 2011. Intel rebranded the company as Intel Security in early 2014, after John McAfee, the company's founder, had several encounters with law enforcement in Belize and Guatemala that began to damage the McAfee's corporate brand. Last week, John McAfee sued Intel for the right to use the McAfee trademark in a new company he's managing, claiming that Intel doesn't use the brand anymore, and it's his real name. #Intel#McAfee#John McAfee#Intel Security#business subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news John McAfee Sues Intel for the Right to Use His Own Name Lightspeed PoS Vendor Announces Server Breach Apple Patches OS X and Safari Zero-Days Related to NSO Group Spyware Data of 43 Million Users Stolen in 2012 Last.fm Data Breach Google Suspends Lots of Pixel Buyers Accounts for Reselling Them - Update Hacker Breaks into Italian Government Website, 45,000 Users Exposed Three UK Hacked, Details of 6 Million Customers at Risk Microsoft Replaces Command Prompt with PowerShell in Latest Windows 10 Build Nokia's Return to Smartphone Business Confirmed for 2017 HTC 10 Evo to Be Announced on November 22 Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge Goes on Sale at Sprint and Verizon Google Suspends Lots of Pixel Buyers Accounts for Reselling Them - Update    Intel sells off McAfee unit Related Apps WFilter Enterprise: Monitor bandwidth, filter and block Internet activities on your network from a single computer via a web-based administration interface LastPass: The last password you'll have to remember - a web browser plugin for storing all user accounts in Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Opera and Safari Treek's Password Manager: Store your account credentials locally or in the cloud, synchronize your data and access passwords with a couple of mouse clicks, by using this lightweight application TunnelBear: VPN app for anonymous Internet connections to help you protect your identity, which lets you choose a fake IP address and examine network statistics VPN Gate Client Plug-in: A plugin for SoftEther VPN, whose main purpose is to easily hide your online identity via a network of relay proxy servers that conceal your IP address Net Monitor for Employees Pro: A cross-platform utility that helps users monitor and control multiple remote computers, as well as record screen activity to AVI files Farbar Recovery Scan Tool: Lightweight and efficient application that was designed to help you scan your computer for malware damage and resolve encountered issues Reader comments Adobe Fined $1 Million for 2013 Hack That Affected Millions of Users more on: Adobe i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Trending: Video: Our holiday gift guide 2016 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: New MacBook Pro show-and-tell Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 7 reasons cloud migrations fail (free online course) What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet IT users review 6 software test management tools More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Security News Intel sells off majority stake in McAfee unit Intel made the deal with investment firm TPG, which will own a 51% stake By Michael Kan | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Sep 7, 2016 2:13 PM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. A worker mounts an Intel sign on a pavilion at San Francisco's Super Bowl City attraction on Jan. 27, 2016. Credit: Stephen Lawson More like this John McAfee’s company could spoil the party for Intel’s new venture Intel is said to mull sale of its security business Intel asserts its trademark rights against John McAfee Video IT security: 3 things you need to know now Intel is selling off a majority stake in its McAfee unit and turning it back into an independent security company. Intel made the deal with investment firm TPG, which will own a 51 percent stake in the new McAfee company. Intel will own the remainder. As part of the deal, Intel is receiving $3.1 billion in cash. It originally bought McAfee back in 2011 for $7.7 billion -- a deal that caused some industry watchers to scratch their heads. Intel is best known as a chipmaker, but at the time it was also hoping to improve  security around its products. PC security was a major concern back then, said Nathan Brookwood, principal analyst at Insight 64. But now cyberthreats are moving to target the cloud and servers. "McAfee had relatively little to do in cloud security. While Intel didn't lose a lot of money, it never was a huge win," he said. In 2014, the chipmaker rebranded its McAfee business as Intel Security. However, reports about a possible McAfee sale circulated earlier this year as Intel worked to restructure its business amid lagging PC sales. In April, the company announced it would cut 12,000 jobs.   On Wednesday, Intel said the new McAfee will be one of the largest “pure-play” cybersecurity companies in the world. The new company will be valued at $4.2 billion. In addition, TPG is making a $1.1 billion equity investment in its new McAfee property to drive growth. Intel will continue partnering with the McAfee unit on security. Chris Young, the general manager for Intel Security, will be head of the new company. In a letter to stakeholders, Young said the company is still committed to delivering on its product roadmap, but that it can execute its plans even faster.  "Our customers want the reassurance that our strategy has not changed. It hasn’t," he added.  The deal is expected to close in next year’s second quarter. Agam Shah contributed to this report.  To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Security IT Industry Michael Kan covers security for IDG News Service. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by VMware AirWatch Mobile Email Evolution: The Security Mandate Popular Resources eBook Sponsored Fast-Forward Business with IT Automation Video/Webcast Sponsored Issues and Priorities in Modern Workload Automation: Supporting Analytics, Continuous Delivery and Digital Transformation Video/Webcast Sponsored Is Your Case Management Strategy Helping or Hurting your Business Operations? Video/Webcast Sponsored Learn Best Practices From 22 Smart Cities White Paper Three Mistakes IT Makes That Could Cost Your Organization Millions Go Top Stories Apple offers to repair iPhone 6 Plus devices with 'touch disease' Apple is offering to repair at a reduced price iPhone 6 Plus smartphones with display flickering or... Tech skills earning the highest cash premiums -- no certification required Some employers pay cash premiums to their tech professionals for specific hot skills and... Will Trump let China beat the U.S. in supercomputing? China and the U.S. are in a race to build bigger and faster supercomputers. Will the Trump... Going back to a small phone is a really big deal Some reflections on size and our most personal handheld gizmos. Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
null
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Intel, TPG to form jointly owned cybersecurity company called McAfee Intel will sell off a majority stake in Intel Security to the private equity firm to create the new spin-off. By Stephanie Condon for Between the Lines | September 7, 2016 -- 21:29 GMT (14:29 PDT) | Topic: Security Intel has reached a deal to sell a majority stake in Intel Security to the private equity firm TPG, creating a jointly owned, pure-play cybersecurity company called McAfee, Intel announced Wednesday. Intel will get $3.1 billion in cash for the deal, as well as a 49-percent stake in the new business. TPG will own the remaining 51 percent and will make a $1.1 billion equity investment in the business. The transaction values Intel Security at $4.2 billion. Intel Security General Manager Chris Young will be appointed CEO of the new company once the transaction closes. Young published an open letter to Intel Security's stakeholders on Wednesday, outlining the benefits of the deal. "As a standalone company supported by these two partners, we will be in an even greater position of strength, committed to being the best provider the cybersecurity industry has ever seen," he said. "We will continue to focus on solving the unique demands of customers in the dynamic cybersecurity marketplace, drive innovation that anticipates future market needs, and continue to grow through our strategic priorities." Intel bought McAfee in 2011 and rebranded the security group as Intel Security in 2014. Last year, Intel Security adjusted its strategy to refocus the business on endpoint and cloud as security control points, as well as actionable threat intelligence, analytics, and orchestration. More security news Is encrypted e-mail a must in the Trump presidential era? Britain has passed the 'most extreme surveillance law ever passed in a democracy' New York DA vs Apple encryption: 'We need new federal law to unlock 400 seized iPhones' ​Google's request for map of Korea denied Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Security Is encrypted e-mail a must in the Trump presidential era? Security New York DA vs Apple encryption: 'We need new federal law to unlock 400 seized iPhones' Security Three mobile: Three arrested after data breach Security ​Google's request for map of Korea denied × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Skip to main Content Site Search Search Advanced Search Register Member Login Send to a friend Member Login Your Email PasswordForgotten your password? Home News Exchanges Exchange Directory Exchange Holidays Sample Exchanges Handbook Articles Regulators/Associations Publications White Papers FTSE Mondo Visione Exchanges Index Exchange Forum You are here: Home Media & Resources News News Centre Intel And TPG To Collaborate To Establish McAfee As Leading Independent Cybersecurity Company Valued At $4.2 Billion Press Events News RSS Videos Newsletters About Mondo Visione Vendors Polls Glossary Acronyms FT Trading Room Elsevier and Mondo Visione Media Contacts NYSE Exchanges Blog White Papers Newsletter Subscription Form Newsletter Enter your email address to receive regular updates Intel And TPG To Collaborate To Establish McAfee As Leading Independent Cybersecurity Company Valued At $4.2 Billion Date 07/09/2016 Highlights: TPG and Intel to jointly invest in spin-out of Intel Security in a transaction valuing the business at $4.2 billion Intel to receive $3.1 billion in cash and retain 49 percent stake after completion of the transaction TPG to own 51 percent of the new company, which will be named McAfee Investment reflects TPG’s confidence in Intel Security’s industry-leading enterprise and consumer businesses, strong market position, and business momentum Positions new company as one of the world’s largest pure-play cybersecurity firms Intel senior vice president and Intel Security general manager Chris Young and existing management team to lead the new company following transaction close Intel Corporation and TPG today announced a definitive agreement under which the two parties will establish a newly formed, jointly-owned, independent cybersecurity company. The new company will be called McAfee following transaction close. TPG will own 51 percent of McAfee and Intel will own 49 percent in a transaction valuing the business at approximately $4.2 billion. TPG is making a $1.1 billion equity investment to help drive growth and enhance focus as a standalone business. Through this transaction, TPG, a leading global alternative asset firm with demonstrated expertise in growing profitable software companies and carve-out investments, and Intel, a global technology leader that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices, will work together to position McAfee as a strong independent company with access to significant financial, operational and technology resources. With the new investment from TPG and continued strategic backing of Intel, the new entity is expected to capitalize on significant global growth opportunities through greater focus and targeted investment. The new company will be one of the world’s largest pure-play cybersecurity companies. Last year, Intel Security unveiled a new strategy that refocused the business on endpoint and cloud as security control points, as well as actionable threat intelligence, analytics and orchestration. This new strategy allows customers to detect and respond to more threats faster and with fewer resources. “Security remains important in everything we do at Intel and going forward we will continue to integrate industry-leading security and privacy capabilities in our products from the cloud to billions of smart, connected computing devices,” said Brian Krzanich, CEO of Intel. “As we collaborate with TPG to establish McAfee as an independent company, we will also share in the future success of the business and in the market demand for top-flight security solutions, creating long-term value for McAfee’s customers, partners, employees and Intel’s shareholders. Intel will continue our collaboration with McAfee as we offer safe and secure products to our customers.” "We believe that McAfee will thrive as an independent company. With TPG’s investment, along with continued support from Intel, McAfee will sharpen its focus and become even more agile in its response to today’s rapidly evolving security sector," said Jim Coulter, Co-Founder and Co- CEO of TPG. "TPG is excited to partner with Intel and McAfee management to accelerate growth of the business by enhancing its go-to-market strategy and continuing to grow and strengthen its core product offerings.” “At TPG, we look to partner with both established and emergent leaders in dynamic and growing markets,” said Bryan Taylor, Partner at TPG. “We have long identified the cybersecurity sector, which has experienced strong growth due to the increasing volume and severity of cyberattacks, as one of the most important areas in technology. Given McAfee’s leading global market position, loyal customer base, and trusted technology, we see a compelling opportunity to invest in a highly-strategic platform that is growing consistently and addressing significant and evolving market demand.” Positioning the New Company for Future Growth  Chris Young will be appointed CEO of the new company upon closing of the transaction. Today he published an open letter to Intel Security’s stakeholders outlining benefits of the transaction and new company. “As a standalone company supported by these two partners, we will be in an even greater position of strength, committed to being the best provider the cybersecurity industry has ever seen,” Young said. “We will continue to focus on solving the unique demands of customers in the dynamic cybersecurity marketplace, drive innovation that anticipates future market needs, and continue to grow through our strategic priorities.” Currently, Intel Security’s comprehensive software platform protects more than a quarter of a billion endpoints, secures the footprint for nearly two-thirds of the world’s 2,000 largest companies, detects more than 400,000 new threats each day, and represents more than 7,500 strong of the industry’s most talented professionals. The business has demonstrated strong momentum. Through the first half of this year, Intel Security Group revenue grew 11 percent to $1.1 billion, while operating income grew 391 percent to $182 million. Intel Security also increased total bookings 7 percent per year on a constant currency basis from 2013 to 2015.1 Terms of the Transaction, Financing and Timeline  Under the terms of the agreement, TPG will own 51 percent of a newly-formed cybersecurity company in a multi-step transaction valuing Intel Security at approximately $4.2 billion, based on an equity value of approximately $2.2 billion plus McAfee net debt of approximately $2 billion. The debt initially will be financed by Intel until completion of audited financial statements for McAfee (expected within three to five months of close). The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2017, subject to certain regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. Back to List Publications Handbook Online Exchange Handbook Trading Places World Exchanges Media & Resources Press Events News FTSE Mondo Visione Exchanges Index Glossary Acronyms White Papers Twitter Legal and About Us About Mondo Visione Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookies Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap © Mondo Visione 2016 About Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Careers Sitemap Back to Top News RSS Site by Red Ant
null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Intel to spin out cybersecurity unit, sell stake in business to TPG Wednesday, 7 Sep 2016 | 6:57 PM ETReuters SHARES show chapters <p>Intel and TPG to co-own McAfee</p> <p>Intel and TPG will jointly invest in a spin out of Intel Security. CNBC&#039;s Jon Fortt reports the details.</p> Intel and TPG to co-own McAfee    Wednesday, 7 Sep 2016 | 4:15 PM ET | 01:26 Intel said it would spin out its cyber security division, formerly known as McAfee, and sell a majority stake in it to investment firm TPG for $3.1 billion in cash. TPG will own 51 percent of the new entity, valuing the entire company at $4.2 billion including debt. Intel, which bought McAfee for $7.7 billion in 2011, will retain a 49 percent stake in the business. The deal ends a failed effort by Intel to stake out a major position in the computer security business. At the time of the acquisition, Intel spoke of integrating McAfee security technology into its chips, but little came of those plans. Intel executives at the time also said they hoped the acquisition would give it a piece of the emerging business of protecting corporations from sophisticated espionage, but newer players such as Mandiant, now a unit of FireEye, came to dominate that business. At the same time, PC growth slowed, eroding the traditional McAfee customer base's potential. The unit, rebranded as Intel Security Group in 2014, will revert to the McAfee brand name following the closing of the deal, expected in the second quarter of 2017. McAfee's founder, John McAfee, was for a time on the run from a murder investigation in Belize and is a pariah in the industry. He recently sued Intel to get back the right to use his name. Chris Young, Intel Security's general manager, will be named chief executive of the new company. Intel Security's revenue rose 11 percent to $1.1 billion through the first half of this year, the company said in a statement. TPG, which is making a $1.1 billion equity investment in the company, first approached Intel's board about a potential transaction for McAfee around a year ago, sources familiar with the matter said. TPG also led a $120 million investment round for security startup Tanium last year and was the lead investor in a $100 million funding round in internet security firm Zscaler. Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change INTC --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Intel to spin off cybersecurity unit McAfee By Afp Published: 17:13 EST, 7 September 2016 | Updated: 17:13 EST, 7 September 2016 e-mail US tech giant Intel announced plans Wednesday to spin off its cybersecurity operations as an independent company under the name McAfee. The move comes six years after Intel announced the acquisition of McAfee, one of the leading antivirus software companies at the time. An Intel statement said the spinoff would be made with the investment group TPG, which would own 51 percent of McAfee, leaving Intel with 49 percent and valuing the group at $4.2 billion. Intel's announcement to spin off its cybersecurity operations under McAfee will allow it to focus on new priorities such as wearables and other connected devices ©Remy Gabalda (AFP/File) Intel chief Brian Krzanich said in a statement that "security remains important in everything we do at Intel and going forward we will continue to integrate industry-leading security and privacy capabilities in our products from the cloud to billions of smart, connected computing devices." The new group will be one of the world's largest pure-play cybersecurity companies, and frees Intel to focus on new priorities such as wearables and other connected devices. "We believe that McAfee will thrive as an independent company. With TPG's investment, along with continued support from Intel, McAfee will sharpen its focus and become even more agile in its response to today's rapidly evolving security sector," said Jim Coulter, co-founder and co-chief executive of TPG. Chris Young, who heads the unit, will be CEO of the new company. Intel announced the $7.68 billion deal for McAfee in 2010 and closed the deal in 2011. The group is no longer affiliated with founder John McAfee, who was a fugitive from authorities in Central America and more recently made a run for the US presidency. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body 'I have a lot of sex!' Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE gossip behind M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Geordie Cor! Reality star Elettra Lamborghini joins the Shore girls for a night out... after turning heads at the MTV EMAs with THAT outrageous jumpsuit Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The 18-year-old Modern Family star documented the inking on Snapchat Waterfail? Famous I'm a celebrity jungle shower is branded 'FAKE'... as reports claim warm water is turned off at regular intervals  Carol Vorderman shrieks in terror as she's blindfolded for skin crawling I'm A Celeb Bushtucker Rank Tank Trial Getting her hands dirty Candice Swanepoel puts cleavage on display in lacy top as she cuddles up with newborn son Anacã Shared a selfie while cuddling up 'We're very much in love!' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson FINALLY breaks her silence on Jake Roche split reports as she discusses her dream wedding EXCLUSIVE: 'Becky with the good hair' is KRIS JENNER, claims Beyoncé's hairstylist who adds the lyric has nothing to do with romance 'It's not about age': Joel Dommett's racy ex Natalia Noir gives his I'm A Celeb 'romance' with Carol Vorderman her approval... despite their 25-year age gap Free Brad! Chelsea Handler takes another swipe at 'lunatic' Angelina Jolie joking Pitt is being emancipated rather than getting divorced  'I get up in the middle of the night and go to the fridge': Robbie Williams admits he suffers from night eating   Has been on a diet since his Take That days Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her bump as she and Marvin step out for the first time since announcing they are expecting a second child The kiss was just a kiss! Marc Anthony tries to prove Jennifer Lopez smooch at Latin Grammys was innocent as he puckers up to his pals 'You have to respect the voters': Ed Balls insists he won't quit Strictly as he joins Katya Jones and his glamorous co-stars in Blackpool Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Keeping it casual A bit of all-white! Millie Mackintosh gets her groove on in a sexy swimsuit before packing on the PDA with beau Hugo Taylor on holiday in Mauritius Carrying Miss Daisy! New mum Olivia Wilde cradles baby daughter in a sling on early morning outing in New York Baby it's cold outside 'I can't wait until the baby arrives!': Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her bump in a scarlet blouse as she shares her joy about becoming a mother Nicole Scherzinger keeps it casual in a black strapless ensemble as she grabs a bite to eat with a male pal in LA Low-key chic Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dapper in quirky checked suit as he promotes Fantastic Beasts with his co-stars in China Gemma Atkinson shows off her perky posterior and toned physique in a plunging floral swimsuit as she hits the beach in Cape Verde 'I literally could cry': Fans go wild as Great British Bake Off hunk Selasi returns to TV to whip up a boozy rum cake on This Morning  Tasty treat Sophie Kasaei flashes her cleavage in racy top on night out with Marnie Simpson and Chloe Ferry amid rumours she's been axed from Geordie Shore AGAIN  'You can't do the self pity party': Tulisa wraps up as she heads to Radio One to discuss her fresh start after putting legal woes behind her Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a new painting at the Royal Military Academy Gwen Stefani goes for autumnal chic in knit white sweater with ripped jeans as she enjoys bonding day with son Apollo Bonding time But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike In lioness mode Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Back to her best Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  Well, it is Sin City... 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' That Friday feeling! A radiant Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands 'I don't feel sorry for myself':  Scarlett Moffatt reveals she suffers from facial paralysis... as she is ruled out of daredevil Bushtucker Trial on I'm A Celebrity...  TOWIE's Lydia Bright flaunts her killer curves and taut abs in skimpy brown bikini in saucy Instagram snap as she lands Down Under Feeling the heat Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the bitter BBC! 'Crybaby' corporation is mocked over pompous review dismissing Clarkson's £160m new show Jeremy's revenge: Clarkson, Hammond, and May show the BBC how it's done... The Grand Tour was more like Top Gear Max, by Jim Shelley  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth 'We're practising!' James Jordan reveals wife Ola's desire to have a baby as he discusses their steamy sex life... after her emotional chat with Lisa Snowdon New book in The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo series to be published next year (despite creator Stieg Larsson's 2004 death) 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues That's amore! Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Simply chic Trying to fight your age, Carol? Take it from me - it's a jungle out there! The waspish advice of an I'm A Celebrity survivor on freezing your face Pixie Lott flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she shows off her dazzling diamond ring at engagement party with new fiancé Oliver Cheshire Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Jenny in the frocks Sheena's back in the big time: Singer beams for photographers in high heels and a figure-hugging frock at launch of her new musical  Looks back to her best 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel on TV... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy That's one way to unwind 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco, 30, on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Big Bang Theory star in candid mood 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife Over again Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates... after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn' Fiery redheads! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense exchange with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Heated discussion Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on US TV with husband hubby Keith Urban Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Some serious PDA Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Tickled pink Isla Fisher reveals she fooled friends and family by putting doppelganger Amy Adams on her family Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore flashes her stomach as she happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Frolicked in the surf Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker A true work of art: Amy Willerton flaunts her lithe legs in plunging black minidress as she attends exhibition Looked uber-glamorous at event Age-defying supermodel Twiggy, 67, shares the beauty look that will never date (and EVERY woman should take note) Shared her secrets 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style 'I left it kind of late to have children': Lisa Snowdon, 44, tells Ola Jordan she 'didn't find anybody' in time to start a family in I'm A Celeb heart to heart Lord Sugar shocks The Apprentice candidates with on the spot firing of Karthik Nagesan... before sacking Samuel Boateng for crushing loss in boat show task  Is The Apprentice fixed? Social media explodes with theories after fans spot a 'weird' continuity error - contestants wearing scarves in the SUMMER Handsome Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Leggy Sofia Richie shows off her slim pins in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA Turned her sidewalk into a catwalk 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Following ex-wife's recent breakdown Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala Always a golden girl I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet What a body Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK Hands on training 'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image 'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and her rapper beau Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday She's part of the family  'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with her backup dancer revealed in sneak peek of her show... and their chemistry is intense  'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Bonding time Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off X Factor to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with partner Lauren Silverman and son Eric A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Not your usual first car Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Blossoming relationship  'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  No bum deal 'That's about to happen': Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster which delayed start of her Australian tour Busty Jemma Lucy leaves almost nothing to the imagination in eye-popping plunge dress as she parties with Charlotte Dawson at Dating Awards Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  Different style Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London Red-dy to hit the town Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Untitled Lizzie Borden biopic Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles Thrown out Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA Always looks sophisticated  Scarlett Moffatt admits she has 'no confidence'... and that she even questioned why boyfriend Luke Crodden wanted to be with her 'It's a part of life I've missed out on': Larry Lamb talks of secret daughter he fathered at 21 on I'm A Celebrity... and admits he has 'no idea where she is' 'Best Christmas pressie ever!': Rochelle Humes posts baby scan snap just hours after announcing she and husband Marvin are expecting second child Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in  Hyde Park Blooming lovely! Geri Horner showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys casual day out with husband Christian Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split A sparkling occasion! Holly Willoughby twinkles in a glittering black coat as she helps switch on Regent Street festive lights 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram 'Lovely to see these!' Robbie Williams shows he hasn't lost his cheeky side as he sticks his head in presenter's cleavage at Bambi awards A Klass of her own! Myleene takes the plunge in a low-cut jumpsuit as she poses with a hunky shirtless male model in new fashion campaign  Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu Highlighted trim figure  Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers New sci-fi film Have yourself a Kerry Christmas! Ms Katona rocks a retro quiff as she switches on festive lights in Lincoln with her panto co-stars A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland Little bundle of joy  Caroline Flack opts for comfort over couture... but ensures her make-up is flawless as she makes an appearance at Winter Wonderland launch night Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged Ca-nine out of ten! Pascal Craymer flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather dress as she helps dog charity celebrate its fifth birthday Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' as she reveals struggle with mental illness 'It wouldn't have lasted': Lady C reveals she broke up with Larry Lamb after he wanted to MARRY her as she divulges on their six-month romance 'The show is about to start!' I'm A Celebrity set for shake-up as Danny Baker and Martin Roberts arrive... after camp enjoy winning streak in trials Laura Whitmore beams as she attends VIP Winter Wonderland launch... amid claims of bitter feud with former Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Petra Nemcova looks sensational as she showcases her endless limbs in a plunging blue gown on the red carpet at the Bambi Awards in Berlin If anyone can, Ferne McCann! Former TOWIE star catches the eye as she steps out in garish pink pyjamas... after reflecting on her recent nose job 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau BBC radio DJ Mark Goodier, 55, suffers a stroke - meaning he won't voice new Now That's What I Call Music advert for the first time in 25 YEARS  Coronation Street leaves soap fans howling after character Anna Windass causes MAJOR prop blunder Cru-tch of the matter Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in chic head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London 'Blood was coming out of everything: Pregnant Stephanie Davis breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she details her terrifying hospital dash  A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Trio of beauties  Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer Bryan Tanaka was there  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs Putting on The Ritz! Jenna Coleman and Laura Carmichael add a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as they attend exclusive fashion launch Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos BAZ BAMIGBOYE - Rosamund and the story showing love can conquer racism: Actress reveals how photo convinced her to star in new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE- King Glenda in talks to reign over Broadway: Actress could be set to move her role as Lear to New York after a series of rave reviews Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes her rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Very Blue Peter! Former presenter Janet Ellis on the shortlist for annual worst sex scene in fiction In her first novel The Butcher's Hook Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears sizzling swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot She knows how to make a splash Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing a snapshot of her baby boy Theodore dressed as a teddy bear Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Will Downton Abbey fans recognise Michelle Dockery in her raunchy new series? They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Pregnant Billie Faiers shows off her cleavage in tiny bikini as she cosies up to fiancé Greg Shepherd and daughter Nelly during Maldives getaway  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her envy-inducing abs in a striped bikini before cosying up to Hugo Taylor on romantic holiday in Mauritius It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave a statement  So THAT'S how you say it! Discovery of a 60s television show hosted by Roald Dahl shows fans have been saying his name wrong for decades  'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals she wishes she could give birth again as it was the 'greatest' experience of her life Happy memories Pregnant Teresa Palmer shares intimate photos and account of giving birth to son Bodhi, revealing waters broke while having 'special time' with husband Ooh la la! Newly-engaged Pixie Lott channels Parisian chic with beret, military-style coat and leather trousers as she returns to UK after French trip Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his new movie Sully 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks tells star-studded museum audience 'America has been in worse places than we are at right now'  'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on Australian TV I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center High spirits  Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumours  'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  New video  Abbey Clancy cuts a stylish figure in teetering heels and black flares as she attends fashion event in London Jessica Chastain delivers impressive performance in sneak preview for World War II drama The Zookeeper's Wife New preview  Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2million... nearly 50 PERCENT off original asking price 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... amid split rumours Still going strong Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls Royce Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Life imitating art! Ruby Rose enjoys VERY steamy smooch with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as they show off rebooted romance in Veronicas video Shore about him? Geordie star Chantelle Connelly's mystery man revealed as MMA Boxer Kane Mousah... who spent four years in prison for gun charges 'I detoxed to firm up the wobbly bits': I'm A Celeb's Carol Vorderman, 55, on her post menopausal body, fun in her fifties and finding love in the jungle What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Not such the shy English guy now... Oliver Chris is Prince William's double as he dons his Irish Guards military regalia for King Charles III shoot Green Wing star was Wills' doppelganger Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael join mourners at a memorial service for Prince Charles's rich pal Mark Vestey Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  Seasonal spending  Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in television adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' . Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits All eyes on her EXCLUSIVE: Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey gave away all his personal prison property before learning his release has been blocked by judges  'Australia's No. 1 party boy would like to meet her': Playboy cricketer Shane Warne plans to meet up with Paris Hilton during her visit to Melbourne 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary A big sweetheart PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Kerry Katona flashes surgical tape on newly-taut stomach... after revealing she has undergone 'a s**t load of liposuction' Make-up free Danielle Lloyd flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting leggings as she steps out in Birmingham Casually clad for the outing Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Shameless star Jody Latham is cleared of 'harassing' a former contestant on The Apprentice in a feud over the actor's ex-fiancée Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Putting on a brace face  Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  She showed off her taut tum and slender physique Jungle Joel makes a terrified Tarzan in the tree tops as he's forced to climb 100ft above ground to reach stars in Great Ascent Bushtucker Trial Remember my name! Daisy Lowe rocks a personalised bomber jacket as she steps out on a dog walk after Strictly axe No way of forgetting Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Certainly turned heads on arrival  'Ten tiny fingers, ten tiny toes': Rochelle Humes announces she is expecting second child with Marvin... after revealing pressure from daughter for sibling  Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits son Silas 'Mum, put your t**s away!': Katie Price admits her children hate seeing her racy shoots as she reveals daughter Princess, nine, has no interest in modelling Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple Inc. iPhone 7 Specs Suggest Intel Corp. Modem Win The official specifications for the iPhone 7 suggest that Intel really is inside of the iDevice maker's new smartphone. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Sep 7, 2016 at 4:49PM Image source: Apple. It had been rumored for quite some time that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) had decided to use cellular modem chips from microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) in its upcoming iPhone 7 series of smartphones. After Apple's launch presentation and subsequent publication of the specifications of the new phones on its website, there is no longer any doubt that Intel has won a material portion of the iPhone order volumes. The hard evidence On the Apple website, the company provides the key technical specifications for both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. These specifications include lists of the various cellular standards and wireless bands that the phone supports. Here's the wireless-band information for each iPhone model from the site: Image source: Apple, via screenshot. This year, at least in the United States, Apple is offering two models each of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. One variant of each phone will support the CDMA standard (as the specifications above illustrate), while another from each won't. This is almost certainly due to the fact that while modems manufactured by Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) support CDMA, Intel's do not. So, in order for Apple to source modems from both chipmakers, the company had to build two separate variants of each of its new phones. Some additional observations Notice that the model with CDMA support also supports TD-SCDMA, while the model that lacks CDMA does not. TD-SCDMA is a popular wireless standard in China, so expect that the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus models that Apple sells in China won't feature Intel's modems, but Qualcomm's. In the United States, the phones sold through Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program, which allows the user flexibility in choosing carriers, will use the Qualcomm modem in order to allow for broader compatibility. However, I would expect the phones sold through GSM carriers in the United States to use the Intel modem. This should make those carriers happy, because it makes it impossible for buyers of the phones they sell to use those phones on a CDMA network. This doesn't completely lock customers in, as a user with a GSM iPhone should still be able to switch to another GSM carrier -- so, say, from AT&T (NYSE:T) to T-Mobile US (NASDAQ:TMUS) or vice versa -- but it makes switching harder. Looking ahead to the future If Apple decides to continue to dual-source modems from both Qualcomm and Intel in the generation following the iPhone 7, it will once again have to offer one model without CDMA support, as Intel's next-generation modem -- the XMM 7480 -- doesn't support the standard. I do believe that the follow-on modem, which The Oregonian revealed to be named the XMM 7560 when it wrote about a leaked memo from an Intel executive, may offer CDMA support. Remember that in late 2015, Intel picked up the CDMA assets from a company called VIA Telecom. If Intel executes well, it should be able to get that technology integrated into the XMM 7560 for the 2018 iPhone. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel and T-Mobile US. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Sep 7, 2016 at 4:49PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $110.09 up $0.14 (0.13%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $66.73 up $0.06 (0.09%) AT and T NYSE:T $37.34 down $0.07 (-0.19%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.79 down $0.23 (-0.66%) T-Mobile US NASDAQ:TMUS $53.58 up $0.19 (0.36%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Intel Corporation Begins Shipping Samples of Beastly Skylake-X Gaming Chip Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Intel to spin out security unit, sell stake in business to TPG By Reuters Published: 20:03 EST, 7 September 2016 | Updated: 20:03 EST, 7 September 2016 e-mail Sept 7 (Reuters) - Intel Corp said it would spin out its cyber security division, formerly known as McAfee, and sell a majority stake in it to investment firm TPG for $3.1 billion in cash. TPG will own 51 percent of the new entity, valuing the entire company at $4.2 billion including debt. Intel, which bought McAfee for $7.7 billion in 2011, will retain a 49 percent stake in the business. The deal ends a failed effort by Intel to stake out a major position in the computer security business. At the time of the acquisition, Intel spoke of integrating McAfee security technology into its chips, but little came of those plans. Intel executives at the time also said they hoped the acquisition would give it a piece of the emerging business of protecting corporations from sophisticated espionage, but newer players such as Mandiant, now a unit of FireEye, came to dominate that business. At the same time, PC growth slowed, eroding the traditional McAfee customer base's potential. The unit, rebranded as Intel Security Group in 2014, will revert to the McAfee brand name following the closing of the deal, expected in the second quarter of 2017. McAfee's founder, John McAfee, was for a time on the run from a murder investigation in Belize and is a pariah in the industry. He recently sued Intel to get back the right to use his name. Chris Young, Intel Security's general manager, will be named chief executive of the new company. Intel Security's revenue rose 11 percent to $1.1 billion through the first half of this year, the company said in a statement. TPG, which is making a $1.1 billion equity investment in the company, first approached Intel's board about a potential transaction for McAfee around a year ago, sources familiar with the matter said. TPG also led a $120 million investment round for security startup Tanium last year and was the lead investor in a $100 million funding round in internet security firm Zscaler. (Reporting by Supantha Mukherjee in Bengaluru, Joseph Menn in San Francisco and Liana Baker in New York.; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Alan Crosby) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body 'I have a lot of sex!' Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE gossip behind M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Geordie Cor! Reality star Elettra Lamborghini joins the Shore girls for a night out... after turning heads at the MTV EMAs with THAT outrageous jumpsuit Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Carol Vorderman shrieks in terror as she's blindfolded for skin crawling I'm A Celeb Bushtucker Rank Tank Trial Getting her hands dirty Candice Swanepoel puts cleavage on display in lacy top as she cuddles up with newborn son Anacã Shared a selfie while cuddling up 'We're very much in love!' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson FINALLY breaks her silence on Jake Roche split reports as she discusses her dream wedding EXCLUSIVE: 'Becky with the good hair' is KRIS JENNER, claims Beyoncé's hairstylist who adds the lyric has nothing to do with romance 'It's not about age': Joel Dommett's racy ex Natalia Noir gives his I'm A Celeb 'romance' with Carol Vorderman her approval... despite their 25-year age gap 'I get up in the middle of the night and go to the fridge': Robbie Williams admits he suffers from night eating   Has been on a diet since his Take That days Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her bump as she and Marvin step out for the first time since announcing they are expecting a second child 'You have to respect the voters': Ed Balls insists he won't quit Strictly as he joins Katya Jones and his glamorous co-stars in Blackpool Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Keeping it casual A bit of all-white! Millie Mackintosh gets her groove on in a sexy swimsuit before packing on the PDA with beau Hugo Taylor on holiday in Mauritius Carrying Miss Daisy! New mum Olivia Wilde cradles baby daughter in a sling on early morning outing in New York Baby it's cold outside 'I can't wait until the baby arrives!': Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her bump in a scarlet blouse as she shares her joy about becoming a mother Nicole Scherzinger keeps it casual in a black strapless ensemble as she grabs a bite to eat with a male pal in LA Low-key chic Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dapper in quirky checked suit as he promotes Fantastic Beasts with his co-stars in China Gemma Atkinson shows off her perky posterior and toned physique in a plunging floral swimsuit as she hits the beach in Cape Verde 'I literally could cry': Fans go wild as Great British Bake Off hunk Selasi returns to TV to whip up a boozy rum cake on This Morning  Tasty treat Sophie Kasaei flashes her cleavage in racy top on night out with Marnie Simpson and Chloe Ferry amid rumours she's been axed from Geordie Shore AGAIN  'You can't do the self pity party': Tulisa wraps up as she heads to Radio One to discuss her fresh start after putting legal woes behind her Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a new painting at the Royal Military Academy Gwen Stefani goes for autumnal chic in knit white sweater with ripped jeans as she enjoys bonding day with son Apollo Bonding time But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike In lioness mode Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Back to her best Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  Well, it is Sin City... 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' That Friday feeling! A radiant Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands 'I don't feel sorry for myself':  Scarlett Moffatt reveals she suffers from facial paralysis... as she is ruled out of daredevil Bushtucker Trial on I'm A Celebrity...  TOWIE's Lydia Bright flaunts her killer curves and taut abs in skimpy brown bikini in saucy Instagram snap as she lands Down Under Feeling the heat Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the bitter BBC! 'Crybaby' corporation is mocked over pompous review dismissing Clarkson's £160m new show Jeremy's revenge: Clarkson, Hammond, and May show the BBC how it's done... The Grand Tour was more like Top Gear Max, by Jim Shelley  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth 'We're practising!' James Jordan reveals wife Ola's desire to have a baby as he discusses their steamy sex life... after her emotional chat with Lisa Snowdon 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues That's amore! Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Simply chic Trying to fight your age, Carol? Take it from me - it's a jungle out there! The waspish advice of an I'm A Celebrity survivor on freezing your face Pixie Lott flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she shows off her dazzling diamond ring at engagement party with new fiancé Oliver Cheshire Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Jenny in the frocks Sheena's back in the big time: Singer beams for photographers in high heels and a figure-hugging frock at launch of her new musical  Looks back to her best 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel on TV... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy That's one way to unwind 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco, 30, on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Big Bang Theory star in candid mood 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife Over again Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates... after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn' Fiery redheads! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense exchange with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Heated discussion Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on US TV with husband hubby Keith Urban Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Some serious PDA Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Tickled pink Isla Fisher reveals she fooled friends and family by putting doppelganger Amy Adams on her family Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore flashes her stomach as she happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Frolicked in the surf Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker A true work of art: Amy Willerton flaunts her lithe legs in plunging black minidress as she attends exhibition Looked uber-glamorous at event Age-defying supermodel Twiggy, 67, shares the beauty look that will never date (and EVERY woman should take note) Shared her secrets 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style 'I left it kind of late to have children': Lisa Snowdon, 44, tells Ola Jordan she 'didn't find anybody' in time to start a family in I'm A Celeb heart to heart Lord Sugar shocks The Apprentice candidates with on the spot firing of Karthik Nagesan... before sacking Samuel Boateng for crushing loss in boat show task  Is The Apprentice fixed? Social media explodes with theories after fans spot a 'weird' continuity error - contestants wearing scarves in the SUMMER Handsome Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Leggy Sofia Richie shows off her slim pins in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA Turned her sidewalk into a catwalk 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Following ex-wife's recent breakdown Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala Always a golden girl I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet What a body Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK Hands on training 'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image 'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and her rapper beau Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday She's part of the family  'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with her backup dancer revealed in sneak peek of her show... and their chemistry is intense  'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Bonding time Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off X Factor to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with partner Lauren Silverman and son Eric A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Not your usual first car Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Blossoming relationship  'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  No bum deal 'That's about to happen': Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster which delayed start of her Australian tour Busty Jemma Lucy leaves almost nothing to the imagination in eye-popping plunge dress as she parties with Charlotte Dawson at Dating Awards Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  Different style Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London Red-dy to hit the town Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Untitled Lizzie Borden biopic Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles Thrown out Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA Always looks sophisticated  Scarlett Moffatt admits she has 'no confidence'... and that she even questioned why boyfriend Luke Crodden wanted to be with her 'It's a part of life I've missed out on': Larry Lamb talks of secret daughter he fathered at 21 on I'm A Celebrity... and admits he has 'no idea where she is' 'Best Christmas pressie ever!': Rochelle Humes posts baby scan snap just hours after announcing she and husband Marvin are expecting second child Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in  Hyde Park Blooming lovely! Geri Horner showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys casual day out with husband Christian Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split A sparkling occasion! Holly Willoughby twinkles in a glittering black coat as she helps switch on Regent Street festive lights 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram 'Lovely to see these!' Robbie Williams shows he hasn't lost his cheeky side as he sticks his head in presenter's cleavage at Bambi awards A Klass of her own! Myleene takes the plunge in a low-cut jumpsuit as she poses with a hunky shirtless male model in new fashion campaign  Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu Highlighted trim figure  Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers New sci-fi film Have yourself a Kerry Christmas! Ms Katona rocks a retro quiff as she switches on festive lights in Lincoln with her panto co-stars A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland Little bundle of joy  Caroline Flack opts for comfort over couture... but ensures her make-up is flawless as she makes an appearance at Winter Wonderland launch night Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged Ca-nine out of ten! Pascal Craymer flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather dress as she helps dog charity celebrate its fifth birthday Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' as she reveals struggle with mental illness 'It wouldn't have lasted': Lady C reveals she broke up with Larry Lamb after he wanted to MARRY her as she divulges on their six-month romance 'The show is about to start!' I'm A Celebrity set for shake-up as Danny Baker and Martin Roberts arrive... after camp enjoy winning streak in trials Laura Whitmore beams as she attends VIP Winter Wonderland launch... amid claims of bitter feud with former Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Petra Nemcova looks sensational as she showcases her endless limbs in a plunging blue gown on the red carpet at the Bambi Awards in Berlin If anyone can, Ferne McCann! Former TOWIE star catches the eye as she steps out in garish pink pyjamas... after reflecting on her recent nose job 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau BBC radio DJ Mark Goodier, 55, suffers a stroke - meaning he won't voice new Now That's What I Call Music advert for the first time in 25 YEARS  Coronation Street leaves soap fans howling after character Anna Windass causes MAJOR prop blunder Cru-tch of the matter Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in chic head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London 'Blood was coming out of everything: Pregnant Stephanie Davis breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she details her terrifying hospital dash  A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Trio of beauties  Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer Bryan Tanaka was there  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs Putting on The Ritz! Jenna Coleman and Laura Carmichael add a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as they attend exclusive fashion launch Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos BAZ BAMIGBOYE - Rosamund and the story showing love can conquer racism: Actress reveals how photo convinced her to star in new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE- King Glenda in talks to reign over Broadway: Actress could be set to move her role as Lear to New York after a series of rave reviews Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes her rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Very Blue Peter! Former presenter Janet Ellis on the shortlist for annual worst sex scene in fiction In her first novel The Butcher's Hook Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears sizzling swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot She knows how to make a splash Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing a snapshot of her baby boy Theodore dressed as a teddy bear Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Will Downton Abbey fans recognise Michelle Dockery in her raunchy new series? They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Pregnant Billie Faiers shows off her cleavage in tiny bikini as she cosies up to fiancé Greg Shepherd and daughter Nelly during Maldives getaway  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her envy-inducing abs in a striped bikini before cosying up to Hugo Taylor on romantic holiday in Mauritius It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave a statement  So THAT'S how you say it! Discovery of a 60s television show hosted by Roald Dahl shows fans have been saying his name wrong for decades  'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals she wishes she could give birth again as it was the 'greatest' experience of her life Happy memories Pregnant Teresa Palmer shares intimate photos and account of giving birth to son Bodhi, revealing waters broke while having 'special time' with husband Ooh la la! Newly-engaged Pixie Lott channels Parisian chic with beret, military-style coat and leather trousers as she returns to UK after French trip Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his new movie Sully 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks tells star-studded museum audience 'America has been in worse places than we are at right now'  'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on Australian TV I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center High spirits  Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumours  'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  New video  Abbey Clancy cuts a stylish figure in teetering heels and black flares as she attends fashion event in London Jessica Chastain delivers impressive performance in sneak preview for World War II drama The Zookeeper's Wife New preview  Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2million... nearly 50 PERCENT off original asking price 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... amid split rumours Still going strong Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls Royce Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Life imitating art! Ruby Rose enjoys VERY steamy smooch with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as they show off rebooted romance in Veronicas video Shore about him? Geordie star Chantelle Connelly's mystery man revealed as MMA Boxer Kane Mousah... who spent four years in prison for gun charges 'I detoxed to firm up the wobbly bits': I'm A Celeb's Carol Vorderman, 55, on her post menopausal body, fun in her fifties and finding love in the jungle What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Not such the shy English guy now... Oliver Chris is Prince William's double as he dons his Irish Guards military regalia for King Charles III shoot Green Wing star was Wills' doppelganger Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael join mourners at a memorial service for Prince Charles's rich pal Mark Vestey Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  Seasonal spending  Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in television adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' . Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits All eyes on her EXCLUSIVE: Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey gave away all his personal prison property before learning his release has been blocked by judges  'Australia's No. 1 party boy would like to meet her': Playboy cricketer Shane Warne plans to meet up with Paris Hilton during her visit to Melbourne 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary A big sweetheart PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Kerry Katona flashes surgical tape on newly-taut stomach... after revealing she has undergone 'a s**t load of liposuction' Make-up free Danielle Lloyd flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting leggings as she steps out in Birmingham Casually clad for the outing Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Shameless star Jody Latham is cleared of 'harassing' a former contestant on The Apprentice in a feud over the actor's ex-fiancée Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Putting on a brace face  Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  She showed off her taut tum and slender physique Jungle Joel makes a terrified Tarzan in the tree tops as he's forced to climb 100ft above ground to reach stars in Great Ascent Bushtucker Trial Remember my name! Daisy Lowe rocks a personalised bomber jacket as she steps out on a dog walk after Strictly axe No way of forgetting Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Certainly turned heads on arrival  'Ten tiny fingers, ten tiny toes': Rochelle Humes announces she is expecting second child with Marvin... after revealing pressure from daughter for sibling  Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits son Silas 'Mum, put your t**s away!': Katie Price admits her children hate seeing her racy shoots as she reveals daughter Princess, nine, has no interest in modelling Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Intel to spin out McAfee cybersecurity unit into new company By Associated Press Published: 16:41 EST, 7 September 2016 | Updated: 16:41 EST, 7 September 2016 e-mail Intel is spinning out its cybersecurity unit into a new company, called McAfee, in a deal with private equity firm TPG. The deal values McAfee at $4.2 billion, including its debt of about $2 billion. Santa Clara, California-based Intel had bought McAfee in 2011 for $7.68 billion. Intel said Wednesday that McAfee will be one of the largest cybersecurity firms and will be led by Chris Young, senior vice president and general manager of Intel's security group. Intel will get $3.1 billion cash and retain a 49 percent stake in the new company. TPG, based in Fort Worth, Texas, will invest $1.1 billion in McAfee and own 51 percent of the company. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter next year. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body 'I have a lot of sex!' Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE gossip behind M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Geordie Cor! Reality star Elettra Lamborghini joins the Shore girls for a night out... after turning heads at the MTV EMAs with THAT outrageous jumpsuit Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The 18-year-old Modern Family star documented the inking on Snapchat Waterfail? Famous I'm a celebrity jungle shower is branded 'FAKE'... as reports claim warm water is turned off at regular intervals  Carol Vorderman shrieks in terror as she's blindfolded for skin crawling I'm A Celeb Bushtucker Rank Tank Trial Getting her hands dirty Candice Swanepoel puts cleavage on display in lacy top as she cuddles up with newborn son Anacã Shared a selfie while cuddling up 'We're very much in love!' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson FINALLY breaks her silence on Jake Roche split reports as she discusses her dream wedding EXCLUSIVE: 'Becky with the good hair' is KRIS JENNER, claims Beyoncé's hairstylist who adds the lyric has nothing to do with romance 'It's not about age': Joel Dommett's racy ex Natalia Noir gives his I'm A Celeb 'romance' with Carol Vorderman her approval... despite their 25-year age gap Free Brad! Chelsea Handler takes another swipe at 'lunatic' Angelina Jolie joking Pitt is being emancipated rather than getting divorced  'I get up in the middle of the night and go to the fridge': Robbie Williams admits he suffers from night eating   Has been on a diet since his Take That days Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her bump as she and Marvin step out for the first time since announcing they are expecting a second child The kiss was just a kiss! Marc Anthony tries to prove Jennifer Lopez smooch at Latin Grammys was innocent as he puckers up to his pals 'You have to respect the voters': Ed Balls insists he won't quit Strictly as he joins Katya Jones and his glamorous co-stars in Blackpool Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Keeping it casual A bit of all-white! Millie Mackintosh gets her groove on in a sexy swimsuit before packing on the PDA with beau Hugo Taylor on holiday in Mauritius Carrying Miss Daisy! New mum Olivia Wilde cradles baby daughter in a sling on early morning outing in New York Baby it's cold outside 'I can't wait until the baby arrives!': Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her bump in a scarlet blouse as she shares her joy about becoming a mother Nicole Scherzinger keeps it casual in a black strapless ensemble as she grabs a bite to eat with a male pal in LA Low-key chic Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dapper in quirky checked suit as he promotes Fantastic Beasts with his co-stars in China Gemma Atkinson shows off her perky posterior and toned physique in a plunging floral swimsuit as she hits the beach in Cape Verde 'I literally could cry': Fans go wild as Great British Bake Off hunk Selasi returns to TV to whip up a boozy rum cake on This Morning  Tasty treat Sophie Kasaei flashes her cleavage in racy top on night out with Marnie Simpson and Chloe Ferry amid rumours she's been axed from Geordie Shore AGAIN  'You can't do the self pity party': Tulisa wraps up as she heads to Radio One to discuss her fresh start after putting legal woes behind her Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a new painting at the Royal Military Academy Gwen Stefani goes for autumnal chic in knit white sweater with ripped jeans as she enjoys bonding day with son Apollo Bonding time But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike In lioness mode Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Back to her best Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  Well, it is Sin City... 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' That Friday feeling! A radiant Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands 'I don't feel sorry for myself':  Scarlett Moffatt reveals she suffers from facial paralysis... as she is ruled out of daredevil Bushtucker Trial on I'm A Celebrity...  TOWIE's Lydia Bright flaunts her killer curves and taut abs in skimpy brown bikini in saucy Instagram snap as she lands Down Under Feeling the heat Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the bitter BBC! 'Crybaby' corporation is mocked over pompous review dismissing Clarkson's £160m new show Jeremy's revenge: Clarkson, Hammond, and May show the BBC how it's done... The Grand Tour was more like Top Gear Max, by Jim Shelley  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth 'We're practising!' James Jordan reveals wife Ola's desire to have a baby as he discusses their steamy sex life... after her emotional chat with Lisa Snowdon New book in The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo series to be published next year (despite creator Stieg Larsson's 2004 death) 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues That's amore! Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Simply chic Trying to fight your age, Carol? Take it from me - it's a jungle out there! The waspish advice of an I'm A Celebrity survivor on freezing your face Pixie Lott flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she shows off her dazzling diamond ring at engagement party with new fiancé Oliver Cheshire Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Jenny in the frocks Sheena's back in the big time: Singer beams for photographers in high heels and a figure-hugging frock at launch of her new musical  Looks back to her best 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel on TV... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy That's one way to unwind 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco, 30, on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Big Bang Theory star in candid mood 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife Over again Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates... after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn' Fiery redheads! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense exchange with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Heated discussion Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on US TV with husband hubby Keith Urban Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Some serious PDA Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Tickled pink Isla Fisher reveals she fooled friends and family by putting doppelganger Amy Adams on her family Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore flashes her stomach as she happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Frolicked in the surf Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker A true work of art: Amy Willerton flaunts her lithe legs in plunging black minidress as she attends exhibition Looked uber-glamorous at event Age-defying supermodel Twiggy, 67, shares the beauty look that will never date (and EVERY woman should take note) Shared her secrets 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style 'I left it kind of late to have children': Lisa Snowdon, 44, tells Ola Jordan she 'didn't find anybody' in time to start a family in I'm A Celeb heart to heart Lord Sugar shocks The Apprentice candidates with on the spot firing of Karthik Nagesan... before sacking Samuel Boateng for crushing loss in boat show task  Is The Apprentice fixed? Social media explodes with theories after fans spot a 'weird' continuity error - contestants wearing scarves in the SUMMER Handsome Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Leggy Sofia Richie shows off her slim pins in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA Turned her sidewalk into a catwalk 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Following ex-wife's recent breakdown Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala Always a golden girl I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet What a body Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK Hands on training 'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image 'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and her rapper beau Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday She's part of the family  'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with her backup dancer revealed in sneak peek of her show... and their chemistry is intense  'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Bonding time Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off X Factor to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with partner Lauren Silverman and son Eric A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Not your usual first car Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Blossoming relationship  'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  No bum deal 'That's about to happen': Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster which delayed start of her Australian tour Busty Jemma Lucy leaves almost nothing to the imagination in eye-popping plunge dress as she parties with Charlotte Dawson at Dating Awards Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  Different style Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London Red-dy to hit the town Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Untitled Lizzie Borden biopic Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles Thrown out Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA Always looks sophisticated  Scarlett Moffatt admits she has 'no confidence'... and that she even questioned why boyfriend Luke Crodden wanted to be with her 'It's a part of life I've missed out on': Larry Lamb talks of secret daughter he fathered at 21 on I'm A Celebrity... and admits he has 'no idea where she is' 'Best Christmas pressie ever!': Rochelle Humes posts baby scan snap just hours after announcing she and husband Marvin are expecting second child Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in  Hyde Park Blooming lovely! Geri Horner showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys casual day out with husband Christian Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split A sparkling occasion! Holly Willoughby twinkles in a glittering black coat as she helps switch on Regent Street festive lights 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram 'Lovely to see these!' Robbie Williams shows he hasn't lost his cheeky side as he sticks his head in presenter's cleavage at Bambi awards A Klass of her own! Myleene takes the plunge in a low-cut jumpsuit as she poses with a hunky shirtless male model in new fashion campaign  Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu Highlighted trim figure  Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers New sci-fi film Have yourself a Kerry Christmas! Ms Katona rocks a retro quiff as she switches on festive lights in Lincoln with her panto co-stars A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland Little bundle of joy  Caroline Flack opts for comfort over couture... but ensures her make-up is flawless as she makes an appearance at Winter Wonderland launch night Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged Ca-nine out of ten! Pascal Craymer flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather dress as she helps dog charity celebrate its fifth birthday Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' as she reveals struggle with mental illness 'It wouldn't have lasted': Lady C reveals she broke up with Larry Lamb after he wanted to MARRY her as she divulges on their six-month romance 'The show is about to start!' I'm A Celebrity set for shake-up as Danny Baker and Martin Roberts arrive... after camp enjoy winning streak in trials Laura Whitmore beams as she attends VIP Winter Wonderland launch... amid claims of bitter feud with former Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Petra Nemcova looks sensational as she showcases her endless limbs in a plunging blue gown on the red carpet at the Bambi Awards in Berlin If anyone can, Ferne McCann! Former TOWIE star catches the eye as she steps out in garish pink pyjamas... after reflecting on her recent nose job 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau BBC radio DJ Mark Goodier, 55, suffers a stroke - meaning he won't voice new Now That's What I Call Music advert for the first time in 25 YEARS  Coronation Street leaves soap fans howling after character Anna Windass causes MAJOR prop blunder Cru-tch of the matter Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in chic head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London 'Blood was coming out of everything: Pregnant Stephanie Davis breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she details her terrifying hospital dash  A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Trio of beauties  Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer Bryan Tanaka was there  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs Putting on The Ritz! Jenna Coleman and Laura Carmichael add a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as they attend exclusive fashion launch Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos BAZ BAMIGBOYE - Rosamund and the story showing love can conquer racism: Actress reveals how photo convinced her to star in new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE- King Glenda in talks to reign over Broadway: Actress could be set to move her role as Lear to New York after a series of rave reviews Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes her rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Very Blue Peter! Former presenter Janet Ellis on the shortlist for annual worst sex scene in fiction In her first novel The Butcher's Hook Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears sizzling swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot She knows how to make a splash Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing a snapshot of her baby boy Theodore dressed as a teddy bear Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Will Downton Abbey fans recognise Michelle Dockery in her raunchy new series? They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Pregnant Billie Faiers shows off her cleavage in tiny bikini as she cosies up to fiancé Greg Shepherd and daughter Nelly during Maldives getaway  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her envy-inducing abs in a striped bikini before cosying up to Hugo Taylor on romantic holiday in Mauritius It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave a statement  So THAT'S how you say it! Discovery of a 60s television show hosted by Roald Dahl shows fans have been saying his name wrong for decades  'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals she wishes she could give birth again as it was the 'greatest' experience of her life Happy memories Pregnant Teresa Palmer shares intimate photos and account of giving birth to son Bodhi, revealing waters broke while having 'special time' with husband Ooh la la! Newly-engaged Pixie Lott channels Parisian chic with beret, military-style coat and leather trousers as she returns to UK after French trip Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his new movie Sully 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks tells star-studded museum audience 'America has been in worse places than we are at right now'  'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on Australian TV I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center High spirits  Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumours  'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  New video  Abbey Clancy cuts a stylish figure in teetering heels and black flares as she attends fashion event in London Jessica Chastain delivers impressive performance in sneak preview for World War II drama The Zookeeper's Wife New preview  Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2million... nearly 50 PERCENT off original asking price 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... amid split rumours Still going strong Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls Royce Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Life imitating art! Ruby Rose enjoys VERY steamy smooch with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as they show off rebooted romance in Veronicas video Shore about him? Geordie star Chantelle Connelly's mystery man revealed as MMA Boxer Kane Mousah... who spent four years in prison for gun charges 'I detoxed to firm up the wobbly bits': I'm A Celeb's Carol Vorderman, 55, on her post menopausal body, fun in her fifties and finding love in the jungle What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Not such the shy English guy now... Oliver Chris is Prince William's double as he dons his Irish Guards military regalia for King Charles III shoot Green Wing star was Wills' doppelganger Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael join mourners at a memorial service for Prince Charles's rich pal Mark Vestey Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  Seasonal spending  Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in television adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' . Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits All eyes on her EXCLUSIVE: Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey gave away all his personal prison property before learning his release has been blocked by judges  'Australia's No. 1 party boy would like to meet her': Playboy cricketer Shane Warne plans to meet up with Paris Hilton during her visit to Melbourne 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary A big sweetheart PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Kerry Katona flashes surgical tape on newly-taut stomach... after revealing she has undergone 'a s**t load of liposuction' Make-up free Danielle Lloyd flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting leggings as she steps out in Birmingham Casually clad for the outing Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Shameless star Jody Latham is cleared of 'harassing' a former contestant on The Apprentice in a feud over the actor's ex-fiancée Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Putting on a brace face  Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  She showed off her taut tum and slender physique Jungle Joel makes a terrified Tarzan in the tree tops as he's forced to climb 100ft above ground to reach stars in Great Ascent Bushtucker Trial Remember my name! Daisy Lowe rocks a personalised bomber jacket as she steps out on a dog walk after Strictly axe No way of forgetting Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Certainly turned heads on arrival  'Ten tiny fingers, ten tiny toes': Rochelle Humes announces she is expecting second child with Marvin... after revealing pressure from daughter for sibling  Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits son Silas 'Mum, put your t**s away!': Katie Price admits her children hate seeing her racy shoots as she reveals daughter Princess, nine, has no interest in modelling Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Video   /   Intel Buys Movidius to Grow Computer Vision Capabilities       Intel Buys Movidius to Grow Computer Vision Capabilities     By eWEEK Staff  |  Posted 2016-09-07 Print               DAILY VIDEO: Intel grows computer vision capabilities with Movidius buy; Iovation acquires LaunchKey to boost security and fraud protection; AMD ships 7th generation desktop PC processors; and there's more.   Latest Videos Sponsored Videos IBM Launches Security Services Headquarters in Massachusetts DAILY VIDEO: IBM opens global headquarters for security services; IoT devices evolving rapidly as... Dell Data Protection Secure Lifecycle Encrypts Data in Motion Daily Video: Dell data protection defends against external, insider threats; Microsoft Outlook... 'Smart' Light Bulbs Vulnerable to Cyber-Attacks, Researchers Show DAILY VIDEO: Researchers show even 'smart' light bulbs are threatened on IoT; Kaspersky alleges... Apple Store Selling Refurbished iPhones at a Discount DAILY VIDEO: Apple refurbished iPhones again being offered in the Apple Store; Google pulling the... Samsung Aims to Incorporate AI in Galaxy S8 Smartphones DAILY VIDEO: Samsung evaluating AI for use in Galaxy S8 smartphones; LG begins Android 7.0 Nougat OS... Apple Drops Prices of MacBook Pro Dongles After Complaints DAILY VIDEO: Apple drops MacBook Pro dongle prices after customer pushback; Samsung says some 85% of... Samsung Gear S3 Smartwatches to Go on Sale Nov. 18 DAILY VIDEO: Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch preorders began Nov. 6; Huawei launches Fit sports and... Red Hat Adds Security Features to RHEL 7.3 DAILY VIDEO: Red Hat rolls out RHEL 7.3 with better security; Office users gain a... Microsoft Launches Teams Collaboration Platform for Office 365 DAILY VIDEO: Microsoft launches Teams, a rival to the Slack collaboration platform; Microsoft rebukes... Samsung Investing $1B to Boost Chip Production in Texas Facility DAILY VIDEO: Samsung will invest $1 billion in its Texas chip facility; ARM unveils chip cores for... Intel Processors, Storage Enhancements Set New Dell Servers Apart Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Dell PowerEdge R630: Incredible Density Across a Range of Resources The Dell PowerEdge R630 is a mainstream 2S/1U rack server that delivers incredible density across a... Save on Operating Costs for Scale-Out Workloads With the introduction of the Dell PowerEdge FM 120x4, Dell and Intel are bringing to market a server... Dell PowerEdge R730xd: Storage Density for Clouds, Big Data and More The Dell PowerEdge R730xd, also based on Intel Xeon processors, is one of the world's densest... Dell PowerEdge T630: Versatility for ROBO Environments and More The Dell PowerEdge T630 is a mainstream 2S/5U rack-mount tower server with a versatile mix of... Introduction to the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell's latest generation of Intel-based PowerEdge servers has the power and flexibility to solve all... Meet Some of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Management Features of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Today's businesses need to innovate to compete. If your IT talent is spending too much time... Innovative Features in the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell PowerEdge servers powered by Intel processors include a number of innovative features designed... Virtualization, Convergence and Cloud with Dell PowerEdge Servers video Agility is a competitive edge that Dell's PowerEdge servers can deliver thanks to dense, storage... Read more about the stories in today's news: Intel Grows Computer Vision Capabilities With Movidius Buy Iovation Acquires LaunchKey to Boost Security, Fraud Protection AMD Ships 7th Generation Desktop PC Processors ZTE Unveils Smaller Axon 7 Mini Smartphone       Today's topics include Intel's plan to use Movidius to expand its computer vision capabilities, Iovation's acquisition of LaunchKey in an effort to boost security, AMD is shipping its 7th generation desktop PC processors and ZTE's unveiling of a smaller Axon 7 mini smartphone. Intel is expanding its capabilities in virtual reality, artificial intelligence and the internet of things with the planned acquisition of Movidius, whose low-power processors are designed to enable much of the processing of data gathered from such technologies as Intel's RealSense computer vision platform. Intel officials are positioning the move as a way to increase the chip maker's presence in a broad array of devices, such as robots, drones and virtual reality headsets, and make it a larger player in such emerging areas as VR, augmented reality, machine learning and artificial intelligence. The acquisition is also part of Intel's larger initiative to refocus much of its efforts and resources on such growth markets, pivoting away from the struggling global PC market. Security vendor Iovation is acquiring privately held password-free log-in vendor LaunchKey in a bid to improve user security and reduce the risk of fraud. News of the acquisition was provided exclusively to eWEEK, but terms of the deal are not being made public. LaunchKey was founded in July 2012 and has raised $4 million in venture funding. Iovation, in business since 2004, has built out products and platforms to help reduce fraud online. Advanced Micro Devices is shipping its latest desktop processors that will come with up to four of the vendor's current Excavator cores and will appear in systems from HP Inc. and Lenovo later this year. While the new 7th Generation A-Series Bristol Ridge desktop chips won't feature AMD's high-profile upcoming Zen core—those processors will begin to appear later this year and really ramp in early 2017—they will bring significant performance and power efficiency improvements over their Kaveri-based predecessors, will be more competitive with Intel processors and will include the chip maker's new AM4 platform, which comes with its own set of new features. In all, the new Bristol Ridge accelerated processing units, which put the compute and graphics capabilities on the same piece of silicon, and the adoption by Lenovo and HP are important steps for AMD. ZTE has announced its latest smartphone, the Axon 7 Mini, which includes many of the premium features of its Axon 7 stablemate but incorporates a 5.2-inch display instead of the 5.5-inch screen of the original device. The Axon 7 Mini, which ZTE unveiled on Sept. 1 at the IFA 2016 conference in Berlin, will be available in the United States, Russia, Germany, Spain, Poland, Japan, Australia, India and Saudi Arabia in the future, with pricing to be announced. The phones will be available in markets outside the U.S. at the end of September for about $334 in Europe with Value-Added Taxes included. The smartphone features a 5.2-inch full HD AMOLED touch-screen display, a Qualcomm MSM8952 octa-core processor, an Adreno 405 graphics chip, 3GB of memory, 32GB of on-board storage, a 2,705mAh nonremovable Li-ion battery and quick-charging capabilities.       Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
null
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Developer   /   Azul's New Zing Release Brings Cassandra, Spark Performance Boost       Azul's New Zing Release Brings Cassandra, Spark Performance Boost     By Darryl K. Taft  |  Posted 2016-09-07 Print               Azul Systems delivered a new version of its Zing JVM, which improves performance of Apache Cassandra, DataStax and Apache Spark apps. Azul Systems, a provider of Java runtime solutions for developers, has released a new version of its Zing runtime for Java, which is a drop-in replacement for legacy Java Virtual Machines (JVMs). The new release, Zing 16.07, improves Java application performance up to three times and also features optimizations to improve the performance and scalability of Apache Cassandra, DataStax Enterprise, a big data platform built on Cassandra, and Apache Spark. "The Java runtime is essential technology for enterprises ranging from early-stage startups to the Global 1000," said John Abbott, distinguished analyst at 451 Research. "Azul's latest Zing release adds uniquely compelling new performance and functionality for business-critical Java workloads." According to the TIOBE Index, Java remains the most popular programming language in the enterprise. Java applications require a JVM to run. The JVM sits between the operating system and the application itself and enables the computer to run Java programs. Oracle's HotSpot is the most widely used JVM in the enterprise, and other vendors, including IBM and Red Hat, provide JVMs. However, Azul's Zing is a scalable JVM for enterprise applications and systems that require any combination of consistent low latency, high transaction rates, high scalability or large in-memory data structures. Scott Sellers, president and CEO of Azul, said Zing helps developers overcome common problems, including poor performance and scalability, runtime inconsistency, and inefficient use of server CPU and memory resources. Moreover, Zing eliminates JVM-specific issues like runtime stalls associated with garbage collection and various other revenue-robbing performance issues, Sellers told eWEEK. He noted that Zing's consistent performance and scalability enables Java developers and DevOps staff to focus on building and deploying applications rather than tuning the JVM. "With Zing 16.07, we are delivering a Java runtime that allows our customers to drive more revenue by delivering a better user experience and improved performance and scalability," Sellers said in a statement. "Zing's support for TSX features in Intel's latest Broadwell-based Xeon processors is a performance game-changer for Java developers writing multi-threaded code, and allows applications to scale to unprecedented levels. We're especially excited to announce our free Zing evaluation program, allowing users to download Zing now free of charge, and try its unique features and capabilities in their environment with their applications." Indeed, Zing's support for Intel's Transactional Synchronization Extensions (TSX) found in Intel's "Broadwell" Xeon processors will enable companies to handle more transactions, more data, and more customers in the same data center footprint with no change to the Java application, Azul said. And Zing provides an eight to 10 percent improvement in the performance of Apache Cassandra, DataStax Enterprise and Apache Spark deployments, as well as a 75 percent reduction in compiler pauses during application warm-up, the company said. In general, the new release delivers a 5 percent improvement across the board as compared to previous versions of Zing, Azul said. Cassandra is seeing widespread use in the enterprise as a large-scale, NoSQL database in a wide range of use cases, Sellers said. "As such, consistency of performance and 'five nines' reliability becomes paramount," he said. "As Cassandra is written in Java, it can suffer from unexpected pauses and inconsistent performance. Zing eliminates these issues, and with the new Zing release also offers better performance to address the never-ending desire for higher performing, more scalable databases." Moreover, Sellers noted that Apache Spark is quickly gaining momentum as the preferred framework for writing applications accessing big data, replacing older paradigms like MapReduce. "As big data paradigms move from older batch-style use cases to interactive and streaming use cases, consistent performance and scalability becomes important," Sellers said. "As Spark is Java-based, Zing addresses performance limitations of Spark when running on legacy JVMs." In addition to the new features and the free evaluation program, Azul also is offering new pricing aimed at startups and companies with annual revenues under $25 million per year, as well as for ISVs and manufacturers who wish to embed or integrate Zing with their products. "Admittedly, $25 million is an arbitrary number, but the point is, we want to encourage even small companies to use Zing and stop wasting precious engineering time working around performance, scale, and memory size limitations found in legacy JVMs," Sellers said. Using Zing eliminates an entire category of engineering work—Java tuning, performance triage and more—and allows for companies big and small to get their products to market faster, with more resources available to add more features and capabilities and ultimately create better products, he added. Zing 16.07 is available from the Azul website and the Amazon Web Services Marketplace. The single license annual subscription price for Zing is $3,500 per physical server, with significantly lower prices for higher volumes and longer-term subscriptions, Azul said.             LATEST DEVELOPER ARTICLES   Google, Samsung Back Microsoft's .NET Development Framework Microsoft Finally Confirms Rumors Visual Studio Coming to macOS GitHub Enterprise 2.8 Upgrade Ready For Business Projects APIs Help Drive Revenue, Market Cap Increases North American Developers View Cyber-Warfare as Top Threat                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... WWD logo x WWD logo search Close WWD logo Fashion Zuhair Murad on Dressing J.Lo, Sofia Vergara, Blake Lively and Barbie Saint James Sets U.K. Expansion Plans Fashion Island Nabs Alice + Olivia, AG Karl Lagerfeld Now Comes in a Chrome Version Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Abercrombie & Fitch Shares Fall on Missed Q3 Earnings NRF Sees Shopping Thanksgiving Weekend Busier Than Last Year Lane Bryant Taps Polo's Malissa Akay for GMM Slot Ron Galella Talks Hunting Jackie Kennedy at Time Inc.'s 100 Influential Photos Launch Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Melanie Dir Launches Perfume Line Gamine Frank Body Hits U.S. Retail Scene, Enters Urban Outfitters Bold Colors Dominated Spring Runway Beauty Looks Clarins to Introduce Fifth Generation Hydration Line, Seventh Generation Body Fit Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Esquire Teams With Macy’s on Men’s Jewelry Collection Pitti Uomo to Open in Uncertain Economic Scenario Robert Talbott Opens New York City Store Destination XL to Ditch TV Ads for Holiday Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway ATM Anthony Thomas Melillo Pre-Fall 2017 Paco Rabanne Resort 2017 Diesel Black Gold Pre-Fall 2017 Bottega Veneta Pre-Fall 2017 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Couture 2016 Men’s Fall Collections Accessories Swarovski Forum Details China's Growth Cities, Multibrand Potential Casadei Opens Largest Flagship in London's Mayfair Amélie Pichard Will Forgo Seasonal Collections to Foster Creativity, Commerce Accessories Hit List: Bags and Shoes Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Getting to Know Spring's Top Runway Models Loewe Unleashes Trio of Parties to Fete Madrid Flagship Marilyn Monroe's Famously Scandalous Dress Fetches Millions at Auction Fondazione Prada to Open New Exhibition Space in Milan Parties People Lifestyle … Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Follow Us twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest Advertise About WWD Terms & Conditions Today's Digital Daily WWD logo Sections Fashion. Beauty. Business. Subscribe Log in Welcome Account Log out search Fashion Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Couture 2016 Men’s Fall Collections Accessories Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Parties People Lifestyle Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Business Paparazzo Ron Galella Talks Hunting Jackie Kennedy "She may not have loved me but she loved my work.” clock 1h • Rosemary Feitelberg Fashion Loewe Opens Madrid Flagship, With All the Trimmings An exhibition, book and calendar also trumpet the brand’s new look, made over the last three years by creative director Jonathan Anderson. clock 20h • Miles Socha Business Coach Unveils 20,000-square-foot House on Fifth Avenue The brand this year moved to new headquarters and now to a vast new retail space. clock November 17, 2016 • Sharon Edelson Intel Teams With Tome, Prabal Gurung and Band of Outsiders for NYFW As the official technology sponsor of NYFW, Intel has partnered with a host of designers to offer fans a virtual reality runway experience. By Rosemary Feitelberg on September 7, 2016 Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk INTEL’S NEW REALITY: Fashion followers who prefer to catch the shows from their couches, will get a more authentic view this season thanks to an alliance between Intel and IMG. As the official technology partner for the New York Fashion Week spring shows, Intel has lined up a roster of designers including Prabal Gurung, Marissa Webb, Erin Fetherston and Dan Liu to live broadcast their respective shows using stereoscopic virtual reality. By downloading Voke’s GearVR app to use with a Samsung Gear VR headset, fans can get a sharper view of what’s going on the runway. They can also check out the NYFW site or the participating designers’ sites for a 2-D look at the shows. Other New York Fashion Week participants on board with the program include Band of Outsiders, Noon by Noor, Lisa N. Hoang, Namilia, Irina Vitjaz, Supima, Misha Collection and Telfar. In recent seasons, Intel has made its presence known during the New York runway shows, teaming with select designers like Chromat last season to create dresses and sportswear that used sensors to glow in the dark. Intel chief executive officer Brian Krzanich won’t be at any shows this time as he has in the past. For this month’s round of shows, Intel has collaborated with Tome, which will show a bracelet based on Intel Curie technology that is designed to help wearers improve their health and stay connected on-the-go. Intel and Tome’s designers Ryan Lobo and Ramon Martin have also joined forces to create a concept handbag that will be equipped with Intel technology that will measure ambient temperature, toxic gases and barometric pressure. Baja East x Fila will also use Intel’s Curie technology for Fila footwear designed to track the wearer’s fitness level. Ticketless consumers can get a glimpse of Intel’s wearable and concepts at The Shop at NYFW where Tag Heuer connected watches will be up for sale. You're missing something! Activate your FREE PREVIEW now. accessories Prabal Gurung sports marketing Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk load comments blog comments powered by Disqus Essentialist Today's Must Read Business Mexican Fashion Industry Vows to Fight Trump’s NAFTA Plans clock November 17, 2016 • Ivan Castano Latest Galleries Emma Stone, Nina Dobrev, Warren Beatty, Jenna Dewan Tatum and Zuhair Murad Shine at Stylemakers 2016 Bottega Veneta Pre-Fall 2017 They Are Wearing: Alexander Wang Sample Sale FREE ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SIGN UP PRIVACY POLICY Social Studies @wwd @golden_barbie is taking over our Snapchat at @WWD today to bring you live updates from the @variety & WWD StyleMakers Awards. Tune in at 10:30 a.m. PST. #StyleMakers2016 @wwd The Costume Institute's new exhibition is finally here. "Masterworks: Unpacking Fashion" reminds visitors of the evolution of fashion by spelling out how highly-technical pieces have changed the course of fashion from the early 18th century to today. @wwd Donatella Versace just opened @versace_official's second hotel in the world, Palazzo Versace Dubai. See how the designer celebrated at WWD.com. @wwd @traceeellisross is this week's cover star. The actress from the hit series @blackishabc forges her own chic path and is being honored as this year's Style Innovator at the @variety & WWD StyleMakers Awards. (📷: @rainmac) @wwd The @alexanderwangny sample sale in SoHo brought out all the best street style looks. Check out WWD.com to see them all and get the full scoop on the brand's first sample sale in two years. (📷: @lifeinreverie) @wwd From @vanessaseward to @driesvannoten, bright swaths of color on the eyes were omnipresent at fashion's spring shows. (📷: @delphineachard) @wwd @amberfillerup reveals the secret to getting her full, long hair. Click link in bio to get the full scoop. (📷: Will Ragozzino) @wwd "It's not the technique that makes the difference in fashion, but the care and passion. Talent is conceptual, but if there is no passion or sharing a project, you lose the poetry." - @maisonvalentino's creative director Pierpaolo Piccioli (📷: Simone Lezzi) @wwd Exclusive behind-the-scenes look at @victoriassecret Angel @josephineskriver's fitting for the VS Fashion Show. (🎥: @leahjubara) @wwd ICYMI: From @dior opening its first makeup boutique in NYC to @lordandtaylor unveiling its holiday windows, here are all the major highlights from this week. (🎥: @leahjubara) @wwd See all the hottest sneaker trends from Sneaker Con NYC. 👟 (🎥: @leahjubara) @wwd The Life Aquatic: Designers showered their spring collections with all manner of maritime references, making for a refreshing season. (📷: @eds1ngleton) @wwd Here we are!! @stellamccartney #menswear #abbeyroadstudios 📷 @maryamccartney 👍🏽 #stellaxabveyrd @wwd #beastieboys 👌🏽 #stellaxabbeyrd @stellamccartney 📷 @marymccartney #nenswear #abbeyroadstudios #wwd @wwd @sharleenspiteri 🎉 #WWD #stellaxabbeyrd 📷@maryamccartney @wwd #bethditto 👌🏽#stellaxabbeyrd #wwd @stellamccartney 📷 @maryamccartney #stellaxabbeyrd @wwd Feels like home #abbeyroadstudios #wwd @stellamccartney #london 📷 @maryamccartney #stellaxabbeyrd @wwd @stellamccartney is unveiling her first ever men's collection today. For an exclusive insider look, follow along on our Instagram Stories as Stella's sister @maryamccartney takes you behind the scenes. Tune in at 2 p.m. EST. #StellaXAbbeyRd @wwd We're talking spring trends with @netaporter's Vice President of Global Buying @sarahrutson at 12 p.m. EST on Facebook Live. Click link in bio to tune in. More From Our Brands Footwear News 6 Ways To Upgrade Classic Men’s Shoes 5h Ago Fairchild Summits & Events 2017 WWD Digital Beauty Forum 5d Ago Variety Vice CEO Shane Smith Named Keynote Speaker for Variety’s Dealmakers Event 5h Ago BGR Release date for Pokemon Go Generation 2 might have just leaked 4h Ago Never Miss a Fashion Moment Subscribe Today WWD down caret About Us Advertising Careers Classifieds WWD Magic Legal down caret Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions FAQ Customer Service down caret WWD.com WWD.com + WWD Print WWD Print WWD Archives twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest © Copyright 2016  -  Penske Media Corporation twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Google+ Twitter YouTube Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Industry Software Intel tells John McAfee he can't use his own name By Rob Thubron on Sep 5, 2016, 8:30 AM 21 comments TechSpot Back in May, ever-controversial John McAfee became the executive chairman and CEO of MGT Capital Investments - a small startup that invests in fantasy sports and mobile games – following its acquisition of his D-Vasive antispy software firm. One of his first moves was to rename the company after himself, but it seems Intel isn’t happy with this idea, and now the situation appears to be heading for the courts. So why can’t McAfee use his own name? According to recently filed documents in the Manhattan federal court, Intel had threatened to take legal action over the change back in June as it allegedly infringes on the “McAfee” trademark that the chipmaker owns. Intel acquired the McAfee antivirus software company, along with the brand trademarks, for $7.68 billion back in 2010. A letter from Intel managing counsel Kelly Smith reads: “As you surely are aware, Intel (under its Intel Security division) uses the McAfee trademark in connection with its portfolio of antivirus and other security solutions and services. Further, McAfee Inc. owns numerous registrations for McAfee and McAfee formative trademarks around the world. Through extensive use, the McAfee trademark is a strong mark and extremely well known in the industry.” “Any use of the McAfee name in connection with your company and its provision of D-Vasive’s antispy software or other security solutions would surely be likely to confuse customers as to the source of your company’s products, and/or suggest some affiliation or relationship with McAfee or Intel that does not exist.” McAfee and MGT filed a lawsuit against Intel on Friday, citing an “Asset Acquisition Agreement” from 1991, back when McAfee sold his assets to the antivirus company. They claim it proves he still has the right to use his name. Intel confirmed in 2014 that it planned to start phasing out the McAfee brand in favor of “Intel Security,” another factor McAfee says should be taken into consideration. Related Reads Eccentric millionaire John McAfee is running for president John McAfee appointed CEO of gaming investment firm, renames company after himself Intel is phasing out the McAfee Security brand, will keep shield logo 21 comments 1,146 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Nvidia's latest 375.86 drivers plagued with issues Microsoft joins the Linux Foundation Samsung's latest acquisition and next-gen text messaging Popular 33 comments Make Chrome great again: Performance and memory tweaks Samsung SSD 960 Evo 500GB Review: The king of the TLC hill 25 comments Update: Nvidia GeForce 375.95 Hot Fix solves low memory speed issues 20 comments Teenager who died of cancer has her wish to be cryogenically frozen granted by court Load Comments 21 ... User Comments: 21 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 21 Teenager who died of cancer has her wish to be cryogenically frozen granted by court 25 US inventor's folding paper bike helmet wins James Dyson award 59 Facebook employees have reportedly created a task force to stop fake news stories 8 UK's Snooper's Charter approved by parliament, set to become law in next few weeks 7 Domino's delivers first pizzas using aerial drone Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Merrill Lynch Has 4 Large Cap Dividend Paying Tech Stocks to Buy Now By Lee Jackson September 7, 2016 8:25 am EST Print Email Tweet Summer is finally starting to turn to fall, and that means the traders and portfolio managers are back from vacation and ready to make plans for what could be a very bumpy rest of 2016. With the potential for interest rate increases, a sure to be intense final 60 days to the presidential election, and typical seasonal volatility, caution may be the best avenue for now. For growth investors with a longer term time horizon, one well to go to is large cap technology, especially the companies that also pay solid dividends. We screened the research universe at Merrill Lynch looking for large cap technology leaders that pay dividends. We found four rated Buy that make good sense now. HP This is the printer and personal computer businesses of the old Hewlett-Packard. HP Inc. (NYSE: HPQ) provides products, technologies, software, solutions and services to individual consumers and small- and medium-sized businesses, as well as to the government, health and education sectors worldwide. The company’s Personal Systems segment offers commercial personal computers (PCs), consumer PCs, workstations, thin client PCs, tablets, retail point-of-sale systems, calculators and other related accessories, software, support and services for the commercial and consumer markets. The Printing segment provides consumer and commercial printer hardware, supplies, media, scanning device and software and services, as well as LaserJet and enterprise, inkjet and printing, graphics, and software and web services. HP investors receive a 3.4% dividend. The Merrill Lynch price target for the stock is $15, and the Wall Street consensus estimate is $15.54. The shares closed Tuesday at $14.63. Intel This leader in semiconductors is working hard to scale away from dependence on personal computers. Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) designs, manufactures and sells integrated digital technology platforms worldwide. The company’s platforms are used in various computing applications comprising notebooks, two-in-one systems, desktops, servers, tablets, smartphones, wireless and wired connectivity products, wearables, retail devices and manufacturing devices, as well as for retail, transportation, industrial, buildings, home use and other market segments. The company also provides communication and connectivity offerings, such as baseband processors, radio frequency transceivers and power management integrated circuits, and tablet, phone and Internet of Things solutions, which include multimode 4G LTE modems, Bluetooth technology and GPS receivers, software solutions and interoperability tests, as well as home gateway and set-top box components. Intel reported an inline second quarter, but data center sales came in way below expectations. But a new partnership with Microsoft for a virtual reality, as well as a consistent shift away for reliance on chips for personal computers, keeps the stock a compelling buy. Intel investors receive a 2.85% dividend. The $42 Merrill Lynch price target compares with the consensus target of $37.58. The shares closed Tuesday at $36.57. Pages: 1/2 « Why HD Supply Was Pummeled After Earnings Report Why Retrophin Shares Have Soared » Read more: Technology, featured, Hewlett-Packard Company (NYSE:HPQ), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), Texas Instruments, Inc. (NASDAQ:TXN) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities With the Highest Poverty Rates Powerball Lottery Has Now Hit $320 Million: 12 Things Not to Do If You Win The Safest States in America America's Poorest Cities 50 Worst Cities to Live In Recent Where Do All Those Mobile Apps Come From? A Single Quake Could Shake Both Ends of California Texas Jobs Market May Be Signaling Decent News for the Oil Patch Impinj Gears Up for Secondary Offering Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 7 Facts You Didn't Know About Index Funds Nuance Communications Stock Upgraded: What You Need to Know Synutra International, Inc. Shares Pop on Its Big News U.S. stocks turn lower; major indexes down about 0.2% Treasury yields turn higher; 10-year up 0.7 basis point at 2.308% U.S. leading economic indicators rise 0.1% in October A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively How Gold Can Get Its Grove Back 3 Embarrassingly Cheap Dividend Stocks More Downside Seen for Euro ETF Emergency Department Workers Face High Stress, Burnout Amazon Tackles Islamophobia In Heartwarming Christmas Ad Dollar Charges To 14-Year High, Bond Tantrum In Full Swing Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Coverage of Disruptive Science and Technology Forum About Contact Facebook twitter Google September 03, 2016 AMD, GlobalFoundries Focus on Path to 7 nanometers AMD, computers, technology Facebook Twitter linkedin google Reddit AMD’s recently-released Polaris GPUs and upcoming “Zen”-based processors are being made at the GlobalFoundries fab 8 plant in Malta, NY. Like IBM Power9 and Intel Kaby Lake, Zen uses 14nm process technology. Kaby Lake, released this week, is Intel’s third generation of processors to use the 14nm process, while AMD has just begun shipping 14nm production silicon (Polaris GPUs). Interestingly, we learned this week that GlobalFoundries is skipping the 10nm process. A statement from AMD said that it will collaborate with GlobalFoundries on the 7nm technology node, building on the success of the 14nm node. It’s possible that AMD will use another fab’s services for a 10nm process node, but going from 14nm to 7nm would put the chipmaker in position to leapfrog Intel. Intel’s 10nm die shrink is expected for the second half of 2017 with the debut of Cannonlake (formerly Skymont). This is the same time frame that IBM is releasing its 14nm next-gen Power9 CPU. AMD plans to launch its first 14nm CPU, the Zen-based “Summit Ridge,” in early 2017. Zen Expectations AMD showed off some of its new Zen-based silicon in San Francisco last month and talked up the new high-performance cores. The next-gen microarchitecture design, led by renowned chip architect Jim Keller, is said to enable a 40 percent improvement in instructions per clock over Zen’s predecessor, Excavator. The “Zen”-based “Summit Ridge” desktops will utilize the AMD AM4 socket, a new unified socket infrastructure that is compatible with 7th Generation AMD A-Series desktop processors – previously codenamed “Bristol Ridge” – for exceptional performance and connectivity scalability required by AMD partners and customers. The first desktop systems featuring 7th Generation AMD A-Series processors and new AM4 sockets are scheduled to ship in the second half of 2016 in OEM PC designs. With dedicated PCIe® lanes for cutting-edge USB, graphics, data and other I/O, the AMD AM4 platform will not steal lanes from other devices and components. This allows users to enjoy systems with improved responsiveness and benefit from future-ready technologies that the AM4 platform provides with a powerful, scalable and reliable computing solution. SOURCES - AMD, HPCWire Author: brian wang on 9/03/2016 Facebook Twitter linkedin google Reddit Newer Post Older Post Home Форма для связи Name Email * Message * Archive ▼  2016 (2009) ►  11/13 - 11/20 (45) ►  11/06 - 11/13 (60) ►  10/30 - 11/06 (64) ►  10/23 - 10/30 (52) ►  10/16 - 10/23 (60) ►  10/09 - 10/16 (42) ►  10/02 - 10/09 (48) ►  09/25 - 10/02 (49) ►  09/18 - 09/25 (58) ►  09/11 - 09/18 (34) ►  09/04 - 09/11 (44) ▼  08/28 - 09/04 (73) Emdrive peer reviewed paper will publish December ... China has a new long range bomber program AMD, GlobalFoundries Focus on Path to 7 nanometers... FDA bans common ingredients in antibacterial soaps... China ratifies the 2015 Paris Climate Change Agree... Cannae will launch demo cubesat to prove it has th... For first time, carbon nanotube transistors outper... India and USA push ahead with plans to make six AP... Russia will begin production of improved supercond... China's deal with Ukraine for the World's heaviest... SES-10 will be the first-ever satellite to launch ... Two billion at risk of Zika Virus in Africa and As... Step toward eliminating cancer recurrence China's two child policy should see population pea... The antibody aducanumab reduces Aβ plaques in Alzh... Centimeter-Level GPS Positioning Road to Skynet update - DARPA will use internet of... DARPA working on jam resistant communication will ... DARPA Room-Temperature Atomic Layer Deposition cou... India has a successful scramjet test Tesla will have major software improvement to self... Spacex falcon 9 explodes on launch pad during stat... Geocosmo detects intermittent magnetic and ground ... China and Ukraine will build more of the world's l... Peer Reviewed EmDrive AIAA paper is on the way US Air Force is looking at improving stealth of ex... Carbon nanotube nonvolatile NRAM memory 1000 times... Carnival of Space 473 US Marines certain about putting combat lasers on ... Pre:lude has $100 million in funding to address in... Made in Space wins the Singularity University Gran... Smartstones is the Singularity University Grand Ch... Lowesbot will be placed into all 11 Lowe's Stores... Nextbigfuture had transferred domain hosting to Go... View smart nanotechnology glass is in 250 commerci... Future of Work - People at the center #gsummit Biohacking - converging on you #gsummit Becoming four times more productive at work #gsumm... Maximizing Human Performance -hacking creativity a... Strong predictors of life outcomes and using AI t... Interstellar Starshot Project Update Battery developers should emulate semiconductor te... China forms $7.5 billion commercial jet engine com... If China has a hard economic landing it would mean... Follow up on HD164595 signal Moon Express to mine hydroxyl from the moon and pr... Capture proof is the winner of the Singularity Uni... Harvest is the winner of the 2016 Singularity Univ... Environment - SU Global Grand Challenge winner #gs... South Korea debating making a nuclear submarine in... How to Make a Spaceship: A Band of Renegades, an E... IBM Watson AI Xprize #gsummit Stephane Bancel - Exponential Health - Digital pha... Daniel Kraft digital Health #gsummit Graphene Quantum Dots in Quantum Computing Exponential Organization - panel talk with John Ha... Democracy Earth Governance Singularity Grand Chall... Geocosmo can forecast earthquakes weeks in advance... Global Grand Challenge #gsummit Unworkable Concept for Solar Express Space Train f... EXPONENTIALS 101: ENERGY by Ramez Naam Juno successfully executed 36 orbital flybys of Ju... Exponential Computing and Networking by Brad Templ... SU Global Summit #gsummit - Diamandis talks to St... Fostering Innovation Centauri Dreams reports of an Interesting SETI Can... Neil Jacobstein - AI 101 at Global Singularity Sum... Vibrant data and its mapping and connecting softwa... Rob Nail CEO of Singularity University #gsummit Technology is the force that turns scarcity into A... Nextbigfuture liveblogging Singularity University ... High Velocity Projectiles, Railguns or other new U... US Navy submitting plan to build 10 additional Vir... ►  08/21 - 08/28 (59) ►  08/14 - 08/21 (55) ►  08/07 - 08/14 (35) ►  07/31 - 08/07 (43) ►  07/24 - 07/31 (46) ►  07/17 - 07/24 (65) ►  07/10 - 07/17 (65) ►  07/03 - 07/10 (61) ►  06/26 - 07/03 (46) ►  06/19 - 06/26 (58) ►  06/12 - 06/19 (58) ►  06/05 - 06/12 (50) ►  05/29 - 06/05 (42) ►  05/22 - 05/29 (37) ►  05/15 - 05/22 (37) ►  05/08 - 05/15 (35) ►  05/01 - 05/08 (36) ►  04/24 - 05/01 (28) ►  04/17 - 04/24 (33) ►  04/10 - 04/17 (29) ►  04/03 - 04/10 (53) ►  03/27 - 04/03 (20) ►  03/20 - 03/27 (40) ►  03/13 - 03/20 (23) ►  03/06 - 03/13 (32) ►  02/28 - 03/06 (27) ►  02/21 - 02/28 (26) ►  02/14 - 02/21 (37) ►  02/07 - 02/14 (42) ►  01/31 - 02/07 (32) ►  01/24 - 01/31 (33) ►  01/17 - 01/24 (28) ►  01/10 - 01/17 (36) ►  01/03 - 01/10 (33) ►  2015 (1921) ►  12/27 - 01/03 (51) ►  12/20 - 12/27 (33) ►  12/13 - 12/20 (26) ►  12/06 - 12/13 (37) ►  11/29 - 12/06 (38) ►  11/22 - 11/29 (49) ►  11/15 - 11/22 (33) ►  11/08 - 11/15 (40) ►  11/01 - 11/08 (43) ►  10/25 - 11/01 (48) ►  10/18 - 10/25 (40) ►  10/11 - 10/18 (42) ►  10/04 - 10/11 (39) ►  09/27 - 10/04 (28) ►  09/20 - 09/27 (38) ►  09/13 - 09/20 (31) ►  09/06 - 09/13 (38) ►  08/30 - 09/06 (41) ►  08/23 - 08/30 (42) ►  08/16 - 08/23 (41) ►  08/09 - 08/16 (39) ►  08/02 - 08/09 (35) ►  07/26 - 08/02 (35) ►  07/19 - 07/26 (42) ►  07/12 - 07/19 (43) ►  07/05 - 07/12 (46) ►  06/28 - 07/05 (21) ►  06/21 - 06/28 (25) ►  06/14 - 06/21 (42) ►  06/07 - 06/14 (29) ►  05/31 - 06/07 (29) ►  05/24 - 05/31 (33) ►  05/17 - 05/24 (51) ►  05/10 - 05/17 (44) ►  05/03 - 05/10 (28) ►  04/26 - 05/03 (34) ►  04/19 - 04/26 (33) ►  04/12 - 04/19 (32) ►  04/05 - 04/12 (24) ►  03/29 - 04/05 (34) ►  03/22 - 03/29 (28) ►  03/15 - 03/22 (42) ►  03/08 - 03/15 (38) ►  03/01 - 03/08 (33) ►  02/22 - 03/01 (28) ►  02/15 - 02/22 (36) ►  02/08 - 02/15 (25) ►  02/01 - 02/08 (34) ►  01/25 - 02/01 (49) ►  01/18 - 01/25 (45) ►  01/11 - 01/18 (43) ►  01/04 - 01/11 (43) ►  2014 (1818) ►  12/28 - 01/04 (27) ►  12/21 - 12/28 (32) ►  12/14 - 12/21 (39) ►  12/07 - 12/14 (46) ►  11/30 - 12/07 (44) ►  11/23 - 11/30 (21) ►  11/16 - 11/23 (42) ►  11/09 - 11/16 (40) ►  11/02 - 11/09 (35) ►  10/26 - 11/02 (49) ►  10/19 - 10/26 (37) ►  10/12 - 10/19 (38) ►  10/05 - 10/12 (34) ►  09/28 - 10/05 (37) ►  09/21 - 09/28 (37) ►  09/14 - 09/21 (39) ►  09/07 - 09/14 (34) ►  08/31 - 09/07 (34) ►  08/24 - 08/31 (30) ►  08/17 - 08/24 (44) ►  08/10 - 08/17 (44) ►  08/03 - 08/10 (34) ►  07/27 - 08/03 (34) ►  07/20 - 07/27 (23) ►  07/13 - 07/20 (21) ►  07/06 - 07/13 (37) ►  06/29 - 07/06 (17) ►  06/22 - 06/29 (38) ►  06/15 - 06/22 (32) ►  06/08 - 06/15 (34) ►  06/01 - 06/08 (43) ►  05/25 - 06/01 (32) ►  05/18 - 05/25 (34) ►  05/11 - 05/18 (34) ►  05/04 - 05/11 (28) ►  04/27 - 05/04 (30) ►  04/20 - 04/27 (40) ►  04/13 - 04/20 (32) ►  04/06 - 04/13 (41) ►  03/30 - 04/06 (41) ►  03/23 - 03/30 (18) ►  03/16 - 03/23 (32) ►  03/09 - 03/16 (32) ►  03/02 - 03/09 (35) ►  02/23 - 03/02 (32) ►  02/16 - 02/23 (26) ►  02/09 - 02/16 (36) ►  02/02 - 02/09 (29) ►  01/26 - 02/02 (35) ►  01/19 - 01/26 (43) ►  01/12 - 01/19 (46) ►  01/05 - 01/12 (46) ►  2013 (2117) ►  12/29 - 01/05 (50) ►  12/22 - 12/29 (31) ►  12/15 - 12/22 (47) ►  12/08 - 12/15 (44) ►  12/01 - 12/08 (57) ►  11/24 - 12/01 (51) ►  11/17 - 11/24 (46) ►  11/10 - 11/17 (39) ►  11/03 - 11/10 (48) ►  10/27 - 11/03 (53) ►  10/20 - 10/27 (48) ►  10/13 - 10/20 (37) ►  10/06 - 10/13 (52) ►  09/29 - 10/06 (51) ►  09/22 - 09/29 (39) ►  09/15 - 09/22 (44) ►  09/08 - 09/15 (38) ►  09/01 - 09/08 (38) ►  08/25 - 09/01 (56) ►  08/18 - 08/25 (43) ►  08/11 - 08/18 (40) ►  08/04 - 08/11 (54) ►  07/28 - 08/04 (52) ►  07/21 - 07/28 (25) ►  07/14 - 07/21 (28) ►  07/07 - 07/14 (31) ►  06/30 - 07/07 (29) ►  06/23 - 06/30 (29) ►  06/16 - 06/23 (35) ►  06/09 - 06/16 (41) ►  06/02 - 06/09 (39) ►  05/26 - 06/02 (34) ►  05/19 - 05/26 (49) ►  05/12 - 05/19 (37) ►  05/05 - 05/12 (48) ►  04/28 - 05/05 (37) ►  04/21 - 04/28 (44) ►  04/14 - 04/21 (39) ►  04/07 - 04/14 (33) ►  03/31 - 04/07 (37) ►  03/24 - 03/31 (37) ►  03/17 - 03/24 (36) ►  03/10 - 03/17 (37) ►  03/03 - 03/10 (52) ►  02/24 - 03/03 (40) ►  02/17 - 02/24 (35) ►  02/10 - 02/17 (27) ►  02/03 - 02/10 (34) ►  01/27 - 02/03 (36) ►  01/20 - 01/27 (32) ►  01/13 - 01/20 (27) ►  01/06 - 01/13 (51) ►  2012 (2728) ►  12/30 - 01/06 (29) ►  12/23 - 12/30 (34) ►  12/16 - 12/23 (45) ►  12/09 - 12/16 (41) ►  12/02 - 12/09 (51) ►  11/25 - 12/02 (39) ►  11/18 - 11/25 (63) ►  11/11 - 11/18 (50) ►  11/04 - 11/11 (60) ►  10/28 - 11/04 (40) ►  10/21 - 10/28 (39) ►  10/14 - 10/21 (51) ►  10/07 - 10/14 (50) ►  09/30 - 10/07 (37) ►  09/23 - 09/30 (44) ►  09/16 - 09/23 (38) ►  09/09 - 09/16 (41) ►  09/02 - 09/09 (52) ►  08/26 - 09/02 (45) ►  08/19 - 08/26 (44) ►  08/12 - 08/19 (52) ►  08/05 - 08/12 (53) ►  07/29 - 08/05 (53) ►  07/22 - 07/29 (46) ►  07/15 - 07/22 (39) ►  07/08 - 07/15 (53) ►  07/01 - 07/08 (48) ►  06/24 - 07/01 (51) ►  06/17 - 06/24 (57) ►  06/10 - 06/17 (54) ►  06/03 - 06/10 (48) ►  05/27 - 06/03 (51) ►  05/20 - 05/27 (62) ►  05/13 - 05/20 (45) ►  05/06 - 05/13 (54) ►  04/29 - 05/06 (59) ►  04/22 - 04/29 (68) ►  04/15 - 04/22 (54) ►  04/08 - 04/15 (54) ►  04/01 - 04/08 (70) ►  03/25 - 04/01 (74) ►  03/18 - 03/25 (65) ►  03/11 - 03/18 (63) ►  03/04 - 03/11 (71) ►  02/26 - 03/04 (57) ►  02/19 - 02/26 (58) ►  02/12 - 02/19 (38) ►  02/05 - 02/12 (54) ►  01/29 - 02/05 (50) ►  01/22 - 01/29 (60) ►  01/15 - 01/22 (62) ►  01/08 - 01/15 (52) ►  01/01 - 01/08 (60) ►  2011 (3141) ►  12/25 - 01/01 (35) ►  12/18 - 12/25 (53) ►  12/11 - 12/18 (58) ►  12/04 - 12/11 (77) ►  11/27 - 12/04 (78) ►  11/20 - 11/27 (67) ►  11/13 - 11/20 (76) ►  11/06 - 11/13 (70) ►  10/30 - 11/06 (44) ►  10/23 - 10/30 (62) ►  10/16 - 10/23 (54) ►  10/09 - 10/16 (58) ►  10/02 - 10/09 (65) ►  09/25 - 10/02 (63) ►  09/18 - 09/25 (57) ►  09/11 - 09/18 (57) ►  09/04 - 09/11 (60) ►  08/28 - 09/04 (70) ►  08/21 - 08/28 (47) ►  08/14 - 08/21 (46) ►  08/07 - 08/14 (42) ►  07/31 - 08/07 (51) ►  07/24 - 07/31 (46) ►  07/17 - 07/24 (45) ►  07/10 - 07/17 (54) ►  07/03 - 07/10 (71) ►  06/26 - 07/03 (54) ►  06/19 - 06/26 (70) ►  06/12 - 06/19 (51) ►  06/05 - 06/12 (57) ►  05/29 - 06/05 (32) ►  05/22 - 05/29 (60) ►  05/15 - 05/22 (69) ►  05/08 - 05/15 (52) ►  05/01 - 05/08 (71) ►  04/24 - 05/01 (52) ►  04/17 - 04/24 (58) ►  04/10 - 04/17 (67) ►  04/03 - 04/10 (69) ►  03/27 - 04/03 (75) ►  03/20 - 03/27 (70) ►  03/13 - 03/20 (89) ►  03/06 - 03/13 (65) ►  02/27 - 03/06 (68) ►  02/20 - 02/27 (55) ►  02/13 - 02/20 (57) ►  02/06 - 02/13 (50) ►  01/30 - 02/06 (79) ►  01/23 - 01/30 (73) ►  01/16 - 01/23 (65) ►  01/09 - 01/16 (70) ►  01/02 - 01/09 (57) ►  2010 (2288) ►  12/26 - 01/02 (24) ►  12/19 - 12/26 (41) ►  12/12 - 12/19 (59) ►  12/05 - 12/12 (53) ►  11/28 - 12/05 (61) ►  11/21 - 11/28 (55) ►  11/14 - 11/21 (46) ►  11/07 - 11/14 (54) ►  10/31 - 11/07 (48) ►  10/24 - 10/31 (60) ►  10/17 - 10/24 (38) ►  10/10 - 10/17 (40) ►  10/03 - 10/10 (39) ►  09/26 - 10/03 (47) ►  09/19 - 09/26 (45) ►  09/12 - 09/19 (39) ►  09/05 - 09/12 (50) ►  08/29 - 09/05 (61) ►  08/22 - 08/29 (50) ►  08/15 - 08/22 (44) ►  08/08 - 08/15 (56) ►  08/01 - 08/08 (57) ►  07/25 - 08/01 (42) ►  07/18 - 07/25 (37) ►  07/11 - 07/18 (29) ►  07/04 - 07/11 (40) ►  06/27 - 07/04 (33) ►  06/20 - 06/27 (44) ►  06/13 - 06/20 (45) ►  06/06 - 06/13 (48) ►  05/30 - 06/06 (30) ►  05/23 - 05/30 (40) ►  05/16 - 05/23 (43) ►  05/09 - 05/16 (43) ►  05/02 - 05/09 (38) ►  04/25 - 05/02 (44) ►  04/18 - 04/25 (40) ►  04/11 - 04/18 (34) ►  04/04 - 04/11 (43) ►  03/28 - 04/04 (40) ►  03/21 - 03/28 (40) ►  03/14 - 03/21 (44) ►  03/07 - 03/14 (36) ►  02/28 - 03/07 (46) ►  02/21 - 02/28 (43) ►  02/14 - 02/21 (38) ►  02/07 - 02/14 (53) ►  01/31 - 02/07 (42) ►  01/24 - 01/31 (33) ►  01/17 - 01/24 (41) ►  01/10 - 01/17 (41) ►  01/03 - 01/10 (51) ►  2009 (1346) ►  12/27 - 01/03 (22) ►  12/20 - 12/27 (32) ►  12/13 - 12/20 (33) ►  12/06 - 12/13 (39) ►  11/29 - 12/06 (42) ►  11/22 - 11/29 (29) ►  11/15 - 11/22 (42) ►  11/08 - 11/15 (35) ►  11/01 - 11/08 (30) ►  10/25 - 11/01 (34) ►  10/18 - 10/25 (36) ►  10/11 - 10/18 (38) ►  10/04 - 10/11 (38) ►  09/27 - 10/04 (36) ►  09/20 - 09/27 (31) ►  09/13 - 09/20 (28) ►  09/06 - 09/13 (27) ►  08/30 - 09/06 (25) ►  08/23 - 08/30 (18) ►  08/16 - 08/23 (24) ►  08/09 - 08/16 (26) ►  08/02 - 08/09 (28) ►  07/26 - 08/02 (33) ►  07/19 - 07/26 (21) ►  07/12 - 07/19 (14) ►  07/05 - 07/12 (15) ►  06/28 - 07/05 (14) ►  06/21 - 06/28 (25) ►  06/14 - 06/21 (33) ►  06/07 - 06/14 (19) ►  05/31 - 06/07 (28) ►  05/24 - 05/31 (18) ►  05/17 - 05/24 (14) ►  05/10 - 05/17 (20) ►  05/03 - 05/10 (15) ►  04/26 - 05/03 (24) ►  04/19 - 04/26 (18) ►  04/12 - 04/19 (26) ►  04/05 - 04/12 (19) ►  03/29 - 04/05 (16) ►  03/22 - 03/29 (17) ►  03/15 - 03/22 (25) ►  03/08 - 03/15 (30) ►  03/01 - 03/08 (21) ►  02/22 - 03/01 (21) ►  02/15 - 02/22 (24) ►  02/08 - 02/15 (30) ►  02/01 - 02/08 (29) ►  01/25 - 02/01 (18) ►  01/18 - 01/25 (21) ►  01/11 - 01/18 (27) ►  01/04 - 01/11 (18) ►  2008 (857) ►  12/28 - 01/04 (6) ►  12/21 - 12/28 (6) ►  12/14 - 12/21 (17) ►  12/07 - 12/14 (12) ►  11/30 - 12/07 (12) ►  11/23 - 11/30 (4) ►  11/16 - 11/23 (14) ►  11/09 - 11/16 (16) ►  11/02 - 11/09 (15) ►  10/26 - 11/02 (12) ►  10/19 - 10/26 (15) ►  10/12 - 10/19 (13) ►  10/05 - 10/12 (12) ►  09/28 - 10/05 (23) ►  09/21 - 09/28 (12) ►  09/14 - 09/21 (18) ►  09/07 - 09/14 (21) ►  08/31 - 09/07 (22) ►  08/24 - 08/31 (27) ►  08/17 - 08/24 (19) ►  08/10 - 08/17 (26) ►  08/03 - 08/10 (22) ►  07/27 - 08/03 (24) ►  07/20 - 07/27 (18) ►  07/13 - 07/20 (14) ►  07/06 - 07/13 (28) ►  06/29 - 07/06 (14) ►  06/22 - 06/29 (24) ►  06/15 - 06/22 (14) ►  06/08 - 06/15 (18) ►  06/01 - 06/08 (22) ►  05/25 - 06/01 (9) ►  05/18 - 05/25 (15) ►  05/11 - 05/18 (7) ►  05/04 - 05/11 (10) ►  04/27 - 05/04 (12) ►  04/20 - 04/27 (19) ►  04/13 - 04/20 (19) ►  04/06 - 04/13 (20) ►  03/30 - 04/06 (13) ►  03/23 - 03/30 (14) ►  03/16 - 03/23 (25) ►  03/09 - 03/16 (13) ►  03/02 - 03/09 (19) ►  02/24 - 03/02 (12) ►  02/17 - 02/24 (10) ►  02/10 - 02/17 (20) ►  02/03 - 02/10 (16) ►  01/27 - 02/03 (20) ►  01/20 - 01/27 (21) ►  01/13 - 01/20 (21) ►  01/06 - 01/13 (22) ►  2007 (954) ►  12/30 - 01/06 (10) ►  12/23 - 12/30 (12) ►  12/16 - 12/23 (21) ►  12/09 - 12/16 (16) ►  12/02 - 12/09 (12) ►  11/25 - 12/02 (24) ►  11/18 - 11/25 (17) ►  11/11 - 11/18 (29) ►  11/04 - 11/11 (20) ►  10/28 - 11/04 (14) ►  10/21 - 10/28 (20) ►  10/14 - 10/21 (26) ►  10/07 - 10/14 (27) ►  09/30 - 10/07 (18) ►  09/23 - 09/30 (14) ►  09/16 - 09/23 (26) ►  09/09 - 09/16 (14) ►  09/02 - 09/09 (1) ►  08/26 - 09/02 (12) ►  08/19 - 08/26 (13) ►  08/12 - 08/19 (11) ►  08/05 - 08/12 (6) ►  07/29 - 08/05 (10) ►  07/22 - 07/29 (32) ►  07/15 - 07/22 (11) ►  07/08 - 07/15 (19) ►  07/01 - 07/08 (9) ►  06/24 - 07/01 (29) ►  06/17 - 06/24 (23) ►  06/10 - 06/17 (21) ►  06/03 - 06/10 (15) ►  05/27 - 06/03 (15) ►  05/20 - 05/27 (24) ►  05/13 - 05/20 (21) ►  05/06 - 05/13 (21) ►  04/29 - 05/06 (33) ►  04/22 - 04/29 (20) ►  04/15 - 04/22 (24) ►  04/08 - 04/15 (15) ►  04/01 - 04/08 (17) ►  03/25 - 04/01 (19) ►  03/18 - 03/25 (18) ►  03/11 - 03/18 (14) ►  03/04 - 03/11 (12) ►  02/25 - 03/04 (26) ►  02/18 - 02/25 (20) ►  02/11 - 02/18 (21) ►  02/04 - 02/11 (19) ►  01/28 - 02/04 (15) ►  01/21 - 01/28 (19) ►  01/14 - 01/21 (30) ►  01/07 - 01/14 (19) ►  2006 (824) ►  12/31 - 01/07 (23) ►  12/24 - 12/31 (2) ►  12/17 - 12/24 (12) ►  12/10 - 12/17 (15) ►  12/03 - 12/10 (21) ►  11/26 - 12/03 (11) ►  11/19 - 11/26 (25) ►  11/12 - 11/19 (20) ►  11/05 - 11/12 (9) ►  10/29 - 11/05 (19) ►  10/22 - 10/29 (16) ►  10/15 - 10/22 (21) ►  10/08 - 10/15 (13) ►  10/01 - 10/08 (17) ►  09/24 - 10/01 (27) ►  09/17 - 09/24 (15) ►  09/10 - 09/17 (20) ►  09/03 - 09/10 (9) ►  08/27 - 09/03 (24) ►  08/20 - 08/27 (15) ►  08/13 - 08/20 (37) ►  08/06 - 08/13 (25) ►  07/30 - 08/06 (20) ►  07/23 - 07/30 (24) ►  07/16 - 07/23 (28) ►  07/02 - 07/09 (4) ►  06/25 - 07/02 (36) ►  06/18 - 06/25 (49) ►  06/11 - 06/18 (44) ►  06/04 - 06/11 (28) ►  05/28 - 06/04 (16) ►  05/21 - 05/28 (12) ►  05/14 - 05/21 (7) ►  05/07 - 05/14 (11) ►  04/23 - 04/30 (6) ►  04/16 - 04/23 (9) ►  04/09 - 04/16 (8) ►  04/02 - 04/09 (19) ►  03/26 - 04/02 (11) ►  03/19 - 03/26 (14) ►  03/12 - 03/19 (21) ►  03/05 - 03/12 (20) ►  02/26 - 03/05 (17) ►  02/19 - 02/26 (6) ►  02/12 - 02/19 (2) ►  02/05 - 02/12 (5) ►  01/29 - 02/05 (4) ►  01/22 - 01/29 (1) ►  01/15 - 01/22 (2) ►  01/01 - 01/08 (4) ►  2005 (59) ►  12/18 - 12/25 (3) ►  12/11 - 12/18 (4) ►  12/04 - 12/11 (5) ►  11/27 - 12/04 (6) ►  11/20 - 11/27 (6) ►  11/13 - 11/20 (6) ►  11/06 - 11/13 (6) ►  10/30 - 11/06 (6) ►  10/23 - 10/30 (1) ►  10/16 - 10/23 (3) ►  10/09 - 10/16 (8) ►  10/02 - 10/09 (5) ►  1999 (2) ►  11/14 - 11/21 (1) ►  07/25 - 08/01 (1) Top sites Oil Price Best of NextbigFuture in 2009 to Week 45 Biosingularity Brian's bio page at the Lifeboat Foundation Build new worlds = Go for Greatness Centauri Dreams Center for Responsible Nanotech Blog Coal is really bad Diamond semiconductors, MNT could break the improvement economic logjam Foresight nanodot Future Pundit Instapundit Kinematic Self-Replicating Machines book online Melanie Swan Futurememes Methuselah foundation blog Molecular nanotechnology search engine Nanotechnology Now Nextbigfuture Flipcard View No nukes means more coal Nuclear Cannon summary Nuclear Green - Charles Barton Quantum computer summary Space and nanotechnology Synthetic biology, DNA/RNA/Protein/self assembly pathway Thorium Energy Thorium, mass produced clean nuclear power Universe Today Blog~nano: Nanoscale Materials Lifeboat foundation blog Nanoparticle drug delivery Community Follow by Email Popular labels future (10412) science (5026) technology (3796) energy (3726) united states (2730) china (2666) world (2636) space (2607) nuclear (2201) physics (2019) economic impact (1937) medicine (1746) materials (1400) military (1385) japan (914) predictions (905) europe (873) robotics (732) russia (704) astronomy (693) nasa (690) oil (663) gadgets (656) gdp (652) environment (622) solar (603) cars (584) economy (577) future weapons (575) disease (573) google (571) launch (569) lasers (553) india (529) fusion (520) airplanes (516) batteries (496) canada (496) darpa (495) life extension (494) propulsion (485) artificial intelligence (483) computers (477) internet (467) public health (464) risks (464) longevity (453) policy (444) UK (441) spacex (434) politics (428) population (425) brain (415) carbon nanotubes (407) navy (404) carnival of space (391) graphene (385) electric cars (380) quantum computer (377) Economics (357) controversial (354) telescope (354) cancer (353) sensors (353) deaths (347) DNA (337) nanotechnology (337) gene therapy (327) smartphone (323) cities (320) qubits (318) uranium (317) enabling technology (315) communication (314) singularity (313) commercialization (309) electronics (305) air force (304) War (303) transhuman (301) stem cells (296) coal (293) antiaging (289) elon musk (283) molecular nanotechnology (280) Mars (274) nanoscale (271) climate change (263) carnival of nuclear energy (261) metamaterials (261) fission (259) wireless (259) superconductor (251) water (242) computer memory (236) poverty (235) UAV (223) asia (221) regeneration (218) air pollution (217) geopolitical (216) movies (216) magnets (214) dwave (213) mit (212) gadget (210) hypersonic (210) supercomputer (210) apple (208) wind (204) moon (195) tissue engineering (192) imaging (191) SENS (190) africa (189) ibm (188) cold fusion (186) food (186) 3d (185) quantum effects (185) army (183) intel (183) adiabatic quantum computer (182) public transportation (181) television (181) additive manufacturing (180) peak oil (180) ships (180) buildings (176) synthetic biology (173) business (172) wealth (170) agriculture (169) cellphone (168) germany (168) displays (166) drones (166) south korea (166) colonization (161) nanoparticles (159) broadband (157) satellites (155) gene sequencing (152) engineering (151) israel (151) DNA nanotechnology (149) lithography (148) thorium (146) natural gas (144) bootstrapping nanotechnology (142) genetic engineering (140) australia (139) personalized medicine (137) computer architecture (135) taiwan (135) education (130) low energy nuclear reactions (130) NIAC (129) superconductors (127) korea (125) bakken (124) iran (124) nvidia (123) weapons (122) exoskeleton (121) north dakota (121) aging (120) computer (120) fiction (119) self assembly (119) dense plasma focus (118) samsung (118) cameras (116) transportation (116) hybrid (115) iphone (115) quantum dots (114) nanowires (112) android (111) france (109) machine learning (109) mind computer interface (108) focus fusion (107) spintronics (107) optical networking (106) sander olson (106) skyscrapers (106) brain emulation (105) thermoelectric (105) asteroids (104) microscopes (104) aircraft (102) geopolitics (102) microsoft (101) oceans (101) proteins (101) rossi (101) interviews (100) optical computing (100) room temperature superconductor (100) telescopes (100) airplane (98) futurist (98) singapore (98) cyborg (97) invisible (97) vaccines (97) mathematics (96) diamond (95) printable electronics (95) tablets (92) exaflop (91) high speed rail (91) biofuels (90) ultracapacitors (90) terahertz (89) future weapons (88) petaflop (88) intelligence (87) molten salt (87) petaflops (86) RNA (85) cognitive enhancement (85) engines (85) iec fusion (84) concentrated solar power (83) manufacturing (82) nanomedicine (81) tablet (81) supercomputers (80) faster than Moore's Law (79) oilsands (79) italy (77) nanomaterials (77) MEMS (76) direct energy weapons (75) finance (74) quantum annealing (74) virus (74) memristors (73) neurons (73) performance enhancement (73) GPGPU (71) cloud computing (71) railgun (71) alzheimer's (70) iraq (70) california (68) rapid manufacturing (68) smartphones (68) plasmonics (67) regenerative medicine (67) saudi arabia (67) submarine (67) global warming (66) silicon photonics (66) submarines (66) nanostructured (65) tesla (64) nanoparticle drug delivery (63) security (63) solar sail (63) speculation (63) transhumanist (61) brazil (60) economies (60) electric planes (60) guided self assembly (60) robots (60) DNA origami (59) crispr (59) deepwater oil (59) mach effect (59) wearable electronics (59) facebook (58) jobs (58) molecular electronics (58) alberta (57) nextbigfuture (57) planetary resources (57) entertainment (56) flexible electronics (56) lab on a chip (55) ocean (55) HP (54) algorithms (54) hydro (54) oil shale (54) ukraine (54) rapid prototyping (53) biomarkers (51) deep learning (51) emdrive (50) lifeboat foundation (50) radiation (50) photonic propulsion (49) gpu (48) quantum computers (48) laser (47) myostatin inhibitors (47) fuel cells (46) mechanical nanotechnology (46) memristor (46) active cloak (45) drexler (45) AMD (44) neuromorphic (44) general fusion (43) mundane singularity (43) Friedlander (42) euv lithography (42) genomics (42) pre-singularity (42) teraflop (42) amazon (41) broad group (41) electric bikes (41) space elevator (41) superlenses (41) wealthy (41) video games (40) holograms (39) mexico (39) nanophotonics (39) star wars (39) exoplanets (38) femtosecond laser (38) genome engineering (38) precursor technology (38) programmable molecular nanotechnology (38) texas (38) atomically precise manufacturing (37) fish (37) high resolution (37) spaceplane (37) zettaflop (37) desalination (36) flash (36) millimeter wireless (36) surveillance (36) 3d. materials (35) blacklight power (35) policies (35) saskatchewan (35) flu (34) indonesia (34) quantum (34) self driving cars (34) terrorism (34) augmented reality (33) camera (33) gigapixel (33) DNA synthesis (32) nanopatterning (32) Project Orion (31) gigabit (31) mitochondria (31) nanoelectronics (31) plasmons (31) fabber (30) robot (30) xprize (30) diamondoid mechanosynthesis (29) exaflops (29) pollution (29) social media (29) MRI (28) diabetes (28) drone (28) hyperion power generation (28) hyperloop (28) silicon (28) challenges (27) construction (27) hunger (27) ocean mining (27) winterberg (27) RNA interference (26) bloodstream robots (26) carbon capture (26) flying car (26) freitas (26) gene synthesis (26) geoengineering (26) gps (26) OLED (25) big data (25) pathway (25) teraflops (25) virtual reality (25) casimir force (24) crowdfunding (24) heartland robotics (24) open source (24) prediction (24) helion energy (23) internet of things (23) nanoimprint (23) robotic (23) roll to roll (23) semiconductor (23) FPGAs (22) computational chemistry (22) electric sail (22) kickstarter (22) superconducting (22) communications (21) cubesat (21) kitegen (21) nanomembranes (21) quantum encryption (21) satellite (21) skyscraper (21) smart grid (21) sports (21) antimatter (20) lighting (20) parkinson's disease (20) planes (20) star trek (20) techonomy (20) brillouin energy (19) contour crafting (19) hong kong (19) medical (19) mobile (19) nanolaser (19) pakistan (19) south america (19) atomic layer deposition (18) biofuel (18) city (18) genes (18) genetics (18) nanocomposites (18) nanodiamond (18) vietnam (18) zyvex (18) car (17) dna manufacturing (17) ebeam lithography (17) exascale (17) nanoribbons (17) syria (17) terabit ethernet (17) urbanization (17) verizon (17) AGI (16) algae (16) electric (16) futurists (16) graphite (16) nems (16) nuclear fusion (16) privacy (16) rapamycin (16) spain (16) spiderfab (16) synthetic life (16) tourism (16) transformation optics (16) transgenic (16) LIDAR (15) antenna (15) defkalion (15) led (15) nanomagnet (15) nanotechnology business (15) nanowire (15) safety (15) seastead (15) solve for x (15) tensilica (15) LPP fusion (14) attosecond laser (14) chemistry (14) commercial (14) cryonics (14) display (14) domes (14) eestor (14) genome (14) liquid fluoride (14) nanoplasmonic (14) power beaming (14) resveratrol (14) sound (14) DNA computers (13) building (13) deep reinforcement learning (13) double lithography (13) epigenetics (13) genescient (13) magnet (13) nanofactory (13) nervous system (13) petrobank (13) telomeres (13) wimax (13) adaptive clinical trials (12) bitcoin (12) cloning (12) cvd (12) nanofibers (12) north korea (12) rejuvenation (12) society (12) south africa (12) space based solar power (12) vaccine (12) video (12) 5g (11) Claytronics (11) UK Ideas Factory (11) bacteria (11) bolonkin (11) crowdsourcing (11) electric car (11) farming (11) gsummit (11) metformin (11) mram (11) nanobots (11) nanorobotics (11) new state of matter (11) phase change material (11) pluto (11) railguns (11) reusable rocket (11) software (11) sony (11) wars (11) RFID (10) asteroid (10) femtotech (10) gas (10) geothermal (10) googlex (10) harvesting (10) hyperlenses (10) innovation (10) law enforcement (10) matter (10) moons (10) nanoantenna (10) nanolithography (10) petabyte (10) plasma (10) sensor (10) terrestrial energy (10) thermo-photovoltaic cells (10) vision (10) Cnano Technology (9) artificial organs (9) bigelow (9) concrete (9) deep mind (9) egypt (9) ereader (9) graphane (9) infrastructure (9) lenr (9) movie (9) nanopores (9) ovonic (9) petawatt (9) petrobakken (9) philippines (9) photonics (9) port security (9) renewable (9) toyota (9) turkey (9) vertical farming (9) DNA nanoarray (8) baidu (8) bioprinting (8) brains (8) crime (8) electricity (8) electron beam (8) fpga (8) fullerenes (8) funding (8) gbps (8) honda (8) kurzweil (8) laptops (8) leap motion (8) nanocomp technologies (8) obesity (8) optogenetics (8) political (8) programmable matter (8) rethink robotics (8) scramjet (8) ASICS (7) ILEMM (7) atomtronics (7) biotechnology (7) cloud (7) computational lithography (7) cryocooling (7) databases (7) ebola (7) ecat (7) engine (7) exoplanet (7) exosuit (7) google loon (7) history (7) hypertelescope (7) meat factories (7) nanoparticle (7) nanosensors (7) red camera (7) room temperature spintronics (7) scooters (7) smart dust (7) soft exoskeleton (7) superintelligence (7) taxes (7) trialpha energy (7) work (7) Rotaxane (6) aerogel (6) antennas (6) atomic swiches (6) battery (6) calico (6) cement (6) computational government (6) conservation (6) dip pen lithography (6) exawatt (6) gene drive (6) genomic engineering (6) high temperature reactor (6) hybrids (6) illusion (6) interstellar (6) interview (6) magnetic (6) marines (6) material (6) mind reading (6) nanodots (6) nanorod (6) nanotubes (6) poor (6) self replication (6) synapse (6) three forks (6) tilera (6) top-down nanotechnology (6) ultrasound (6) MicroRNA (5) algorithm (5) atom circuit (5) brain uploading (5) cleantech (5) cloaking (5) corruption (5) cray (5) cyberwar (5) disruption (5) dubai (5) exponential manufacturing (5) ftl (5) futurism (5) greece (5) h1n1 (5) hoverboard (5) iRNA (5) industry (5) internet of everything (5) magnetic monopoles (5) microscope (5) motorcycles (5) nanodevices (5) nanorods (5) nuclear energy (5) productivity (5) protein (5) quantum well (5) risk (5) silicon valley (5) skylon (5) solar energy (5) stratolaunch (5) sun microsystems (5) terapixel (5) tools (5) trapped ion (5) venezuela (5) Nigel B. Cook (4) abundance (4) annealing (4) artificial life (4) automation (4) beyond cmos (4) bikes (4) boron nanotubes (4) bubbles (4) death (4) diesel (4) emc2 (4) employment (4) entrepreneur (4) ethics (4) flibe energy (4) follistatin (4) george church (4) google glass (4) ipad (4) jetpack (4) malaysia (4) medicine. (4) memcapacitors (4) meminductors (4) merkle (4) microbiome (4) microscale (4) monopoles (4) nanomagnet logic (4) nanomanufacturing (4) nanomembrane (4) nanometals (4) nanomotors (4) nanotip (4) nantero (4) optical tweezers (4) personal transport (4) precision medicine (4) quantum biology (4) rna nanotechnology (4) sensing (4) smartwatch (4) sport (4) super high vision (4) synthetic fuel (4) tanks (4) techology (4) terabit (4) terabyte (4) transparent (4) venus (4) wifi (4) wolfram alpha (4) world war (4) Amazon ec2 (3) aids (3) antilaser (3) avagadro scale computing (3) baldness (3) bioengineering (3) carbon (3) carbyne (3) chromebook (3) diblock copolymer (3) dna brick (3) ebook (3) energy. united states (3) esail (3) exabyte (3) extinction (3) extraterrestrial (3) fast boat (3) faster than light (3) fat (3) fat loss (3) genomes (3) haptic interface (3) health (3) highlights (3) ido bachelet (3) low power (3) magnetics (3) malnutrition (3) megacities (3) metagenomics (3) metallic hydrogen (3) methuselarity (3) mice (3) micronutrient (3) middle class (3) montana (3) nano-ionic memory (3) nanopore (3) nanotechnology IPO (3) nuclear fission (3) nutrigenomics (3) parallel (3) petahertz (3) petapixel (3) plasmonic lithography (3) poll results (3) ppp (3) programmable metallization cell (3) quantum computing (3) qubit (3) recombineering (3) services science (3) ship (3) silicene (3) smart cities (3) spaser (3) spinplasmonics (3) stm (3) straintronics (3) supersonic (3) sweden (3) tech (3) twitter (3) uber (3) waters (3) wikileaks (3) wireless power (3) xray (3) zero point energy (3) zettawatt (3) Baxter (2) Ben Goertzel (2) FGPA (2) Freeman Dyson (2) PACER (2) USV (2) alphabet (2) art (2) beam pen lithography (2) biochar (2) buidings (2) cannae (2) capri (2) carbon atomic chains (2) cella energy (2) cells (2) chipsat (2) climate (2) cluster state quantum computer (2) computing (2) data mining (2) data science (2) dell (2) detection (2) device (2) devices (2) drug delivery (2) et energy (2) et3 (2) excitons (2) existential risk (2) field effect transistors (2) fighters (2) finFET (2) flywheel (2) free-piston engine (2) future energy (2) gagdets (2) gbit/s (2) gdp. economic impact (2) gecko (2) gigaflop (2) google future (2) graphics (2) graphyne (2) gravity (2) green (2) head mounted display (2) hoverbike (2) iarpa (2) jovion corporation (2) laser sintering (2) liposuction (2) magnetricity (2) maker (2) mapping (2) medicines (2) metamaterial (2) metmaterials (2) microtechnology (2) miltary (2) mining (2) nanocrystalline cellulose (2) nanocubes (2) nanodiamonds (2) nanodisks (2) nanoenergetics (2) nanoglue (2) nanolattice (2) nanometer (2) nanooptics (2) nanopillars (2) nanoprobe (2) nanosand (2) nanosheets (2) nanostore (2) nanosurgery (2) nanothread (2) nanowelding (2) neural dust (2) neurorobotics (2) nram (2) pandemic (2) personal aviation (2) picometer (2) picoprojectors (2) popululation (2) printable robots (2) quantum cellular automata (2) quantum dot (2) rail (2) ribosome (2) russian (2) rydberg matter (2) science future (2) space tower (2) spinal cord (2) subatomic (2) synthetic bactera (2) telecopes (2) telsa (2) thinfilm (2) transmutation (2) tricorder (2) triple lithography (2) utility fog (2) uuv (2) venter (2) videos (2) wang bullet (2) wave disc engine (2) wet nanotechnology (2) yottabytes (2) yottaflop (2) youtube (2) z-pinch (2) zettabyte (2) 3rd tsunami (1) Bandung (1) British Columbia (1) Chin (1) Cycle Computing (1) Euclideon (1) GNA nanotechnology (1) Grant Norton (1) H2CAR (1) Herman Kahn (1) I am Legend (1) IEDM (1) James Miller (1) Jason Stowe (1) John Mankins (1) Juan Enriquez (1) Kardashev (1) Keith Lofstrom (1) Lower Montney (1) Montney (1) NENS (1) Peter Glaser (1) R2R production (1) R2RNIL (1) Red Whittaker (1) Rodney Brooks (1) Upper Montney (1) VTOL (1) WW3 (1) acer (1) aerographite (1) afghanistan (1) agricultur (1) alaska (1) aliens (1) alphago (1) analytics (1) anodization nanolithography (1) architecture (1) astronomgy (1) aubrey de grey (1) aurope (1) aviation (1) batteries ibm (1) betteries (1) bio-syntrolysis (1) biocomputers (1) biofab (1) bionano (1) blockchain (1) blue origin (1) boltzmann machine (1) bottom up nanotechnology (1) brian ahern (1) brontobytes (1) buckypaper (1) buckywire (1) cardiovascular (1) carmera (1) chemputer (1) chiha (1) china. energy (1) china. nuclear (1) chiplets (1) cholesterol (1) cold war history (1) colloidal quantum dots (1) comcast (1) computes (1) conditional deep belief network (1) connectomics (1) convergence (1) copper nanowelding (1) cornocopia (1) cortical computing (1) cosmology (1) countries (1) crescent point (1) cryosleep (1) cryptocurrency (1) cyborg camera (1) dark knight (1) dendrimers (1) diamandis (1) diamonds (1) dielectrophoresis (1) drone swarm (1) drug dlelivery (1) dry nanotechnology (1) eagle ford (1) econ (1) economices (1) ecoskeleton (1) electrohydrodynamic (1) elevators (1) enterprise (1) eor (1) et (1) exalfop (1) exponential (1) ferropaper (1) flops (1) free space optics (1) free-piston linear alternator (1) fure (1) future physics (1) future technology (1) future. wireless (1) futute (1) gadgetes (1) gadgets future (1) gadgets sensors (1) gallium nitride (1) gate all around (1) geo (1) geocosmo (1) gigawatt (1) glycerol nucleic acid (1) golden spike (1) googlke (1) graphen (1) graphene monoxide (1) guaranteed income (1) halophytes (1) handheld (1) head transplant (1) helium (1) helphookup.com (1) humor (1) hypersound (1) idaho national lab (1) ieee (1) implantable electronics (1) india science (1) intel future (1) intracellular machines (1) ion beam (1) ivf (1) launch loop (1) launcher (1) lifi (1) litecoin (1) lithium sulfur (1) lunar (1) lysosome (1) mRNA (1) magnetic resonance force microscopy (1) magnetic superatoms (1) magnets. future (1) malaria (1) marvel (1) masdar (1) maser (1) materias (1) mcam (1) media equivalence (1) mediciine (1) memcomputing (1) memflector (1) metabolic engineering (1) metalens (1) metananocircuitry (1) methane (1) methylome (1) microassembly (1) microcontact printing (1) miiltary (1) miitary (1) military geopolitical (1) millimeter scale computing (1) mlitary (1) music (1) nabsys (1) naic (1) nano-origami (1) nanoarches (1) nanobrain (1) nanobubbles (1) nanobuds (1) nanocable (1) nanocar (1) nanoceramic (1) nanochannels (1) nanocones (1) nanodomes (1) nanofluid (1) nanofoam (1) nanogravure (1) nanoionic (1) nanokites (1) nanolipogel (1) nanopantography (1) nanopaper (1) nanoposts (1) nanoscalpels (1) nanoshell (1) nanoshields (1) nanosolder (1) nanostars (1) nanoweave (1) nasa future (1) nasa science (1) nasa. niac (1) neural network (1) neural turing machine (1) neuroprosthesis (1) nias (1) nokia (1) nuclea (1) numenta (1) obama (1) oilsand (1) optalysys (1) optical metamaterial assembly (1) optoelectronic (1) optomec (1) paintable batteries (1) paperphone (1) paralysis (1) peptoid nanotechnology (1) perfect lens (1) petabits (1) phablet (1) phycsics (1) physics science (1) picoscale (1) picosecond (1) plasmene (1) pokemon go (1) polariton superfluid (1) polaritons (1) polaritronics (1) political future (1) poltics (1) popup mems (1) positron dynamics (1) probabilistic CMOS (1) propulsion launch (1) protection (1) protocell (1) quad lithography (1) quantum learning (1) quantum machine learning (1) quantum simulation (1) quantum spin liquid (1) qudits (1) radar future (1) rb2015 (1) regenerative dentistry (1) regulation (1) remote (1) rf-stm (1) scanning beam interference lithography (1) scarcity (1) sceince (1) science fiction calculations (1) science. materials (1) science. quantum communication (1) sciencee (1) sciene (1) senses (1) server sky (1) servers (1) sharing economy (1) skyhook (1) smart dew (1) smokefree cooker (1) solitons (1) sprayon solar power (1) stanene (1) startram (1) statite (1) ste (1) stratosphere (1) stumbleupon (1) supercavitation (1) superinsulator (1) superlattice (1) supply chain (1) synthetic chemistry (1) tcarbon (1) technogy (1) technology energy (1) technology future (1) technology gagdets (1) technolology (1) techonology (1) tegra (1) teleccopes (1) telemedicine (1) terawatt (1) the Hobbit (1) time (1) timing (1) tokomak (1) topological quantum computer (1) tpv cells (1) trains (1) transplant (1) tri-alpha energy (1) tristar (1) tropic thunder (1) turbines (1) tyler formation (1) ultra-short pulse (1) ultravector (1) united (1) universal memory (1) upu (1) user interface (1) vietname (1) voice recognition (1) weapon (1) wearable (1) wearables (1) willow garage (1) wind. solar (1) wnd (1) word (1) x labs (1) zeolites (1) zeptojoules (1) zram (1) Facebook plugin Energy Space Science Technology World Medicine Robotics Quantum Computers Artificial intelligence About Copyright © 2014 New big future Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. About UsContact Facebook twitter Google RSS
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article Snapchat Prepares for an IPO What you need to know Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article Best Black Friday Deals From Target, Best Buy and More Get great deals this season My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Intel (INTC) Buys Movidius to Boost Artificial Intelligence September 07, 2016, 07:26:00 AM EDT By Zacks Equity Research, Zacks.com Shutterstock photo Moving deeper into the booming artificial intelligence (AI) space, Intel Corporation INTC acquired an AI startup based in California. The terms of the deal were not disclosed. Movidius is a maker of chips focused on integrated system-on-chip solutions that are designed to aid computer vision applications. The company also provides algorithms for things like deep learning, navigation and depth processing. Movidius has developed compact chips that already power DJI's Phantom 4 drones, enabling autonomous piloting. It has about 180 employees with offices in Silicon Valley, Ireland and Romania. Following the news, Intel's share price rose more than 1%. Why this Move? We note that the deal comes at a time when Intel is shifting its focus from the traditional desktop PC market to computer vision hardware. With this deal, Intel will be better positioned to enhance its RealSense depth-sensing cameras. The deal will help Intel to develop high-speed, low-power chips for RealSense cameras used in devices that need to be conscious of the world around them. The company plans to deploy these sophisticated cameras in augmented, virtual and merged reality systems. Also, it plans to use these cameras in drones and robotics to help them avoid obstacles and navigate crowded spaces. Intel calls the RealSense camera "Visual Intelligence" that will also be used in its other major undertaking, autonomous vehicles. Internet of Things (IoT) is slowly but gradually making its way into our lives. With connected devices gaining popularity, a huge amount of data is generated that needs to be interpreted to gain insights. With this move, Intel will be in an advantageous position to gain expertise in deep learning (an aspect of machine learning used in training software) that finds its application in IoT. Bottom Line Intel is one of the world's leading producers of semiconductor components and digital platforms. It was once the leader of all things technology. It has descended from that throne but is slowly working its way toward regaining lost glory. Now, Intel's focus has shifted to a product range targeting different segments of the market, namely data center business, cloud and IoT. In order to boost its ambition of giving "human-like sight" to connected devices, the company has made several other acquisitions. Let's see whether these new initiatives will help Intel regain its lost position. INTEL CORP Price INTEL CORP Price | INTEL CORP Quote Zacks Rank At present, Intel has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). Some better-ranked stocks in the broader technology space are NVIDIA Corporation NVDA , sporting a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), and STMicroelectronics NV STM and Texas Instruments TXN , both carrying a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). Confidential from Zacks Beyond this Analyst Blog, would you like to see Zacks' best recommendations that are not available to the public? Our Executive VP, Steve Reitmeister, knows when key trades are about to be triggered and which of our experts has the hottest hand. Click to see them now>> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report STMICROELECTRON (STM): Free Stock Analysis Report INTEL CORP (INTC): Free Stock Analysis Report TEXAS INSTRS (TXN): Free Stock Analysis Report NVIDIA CORP (NVDA): Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. This article appears in: Investing , Business , Stocks Referenced Symbols: STM , INTC , TXN , NVDA More from Zacks.com Subscribe When Rich Nation Growth Stagnates Getting Hit Hard from All Sides: Global Week Ahead Can The Uptrend Continue for STMicroelectronics (STM)? Related Stocks Articles Subscribe 3 Stocks Warren Buffett Is Selling 11/18/2016 12:40 PM Why Shares of Gap Inc. Slumped Today 11/18/2016 12:36 PM An Unexpected Way To Profit From Rate Hikes 11/18/2016 12:30 PM Contributor: Zacks.com Equity Research Follow on: Featured Brokers Compare Online Brokers Most Popular Highest Rated Nasdaq Halts DryShips Inc. China Consumer Group Reports Problems With iPhones Nasdaq Names Adena Friedman Chief Executive Officer Russia Looks to Have Gained Two Allies Pimco Returns to Net Inflows, Boosting Allianz Shares -- 2nd Update As Cybercrime Rises, So Does Spending On Cyber Security EXL Appoints Suren Kumar as Global Head of EXL Consulting Nasdaq Halts DryShips Inc. What You Need To Know Before You Buy An Infrastructure ETF View All Highest Rated Find a Credit Card Select a credit card product by:  Card Type  Credit Score  Card Issuer Select an offer: 0% APR Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Balance Transfer Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Charge Cards Charge Cards for Business EMV Smart Chips Gas Cards & Auto Rewards Home Improvement Rewards Credit Cards Instant Approval Credit Cards Low Interest Credit Cards No Annual Fee Credit Cards No Foreign Transaction Fee Credit Cards Points Rewards Credit Cards Prepaid & Debit Cards Reward Credit Cards Student Credit Cards Top 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers Cards for Bad Credit Credit Quality Average Credit Quality Excellent Credit Quality Fair Credit Quality Good Limited or No Credit History Personal Loans Barclaycard Capital One Capital One Cash Back Capital One Fair Credit Capital One Miles Capital One Points Capital One Prepaid Credit Cards Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover Discover Cashback Discover Miles Discover Student Credit Cards MasterCard Credit Cards U.S. Bank USAA USAA Savings Visa Credit Cards Search Data Provided by BankRate.com Stocks Referenced STM 80% Rate It INTC 84% Rate It TXN 92% Rate It NVDA 81% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX We have a favor to ask Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Reviews Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Ex-Apple Engineer's Job Application To Genius Bar Gets Rejected 7 September 2016, 7:24 am EDT By Fritz Gleyo Tech Times Apple - Here's What You May Not KnowNow Playing Remembering Apple iPhone 1Now Playing LinkedIn - Here's What You Should KnowNow Playing Google - Five Fascinating Facts About The Search GiantNow Playing JK Scheinberg started working for Apple in 1987 and continued to do so until 2008 when he finally retired. However, even with 21 years as an Apple employee under his belt, he was rejected for a position in an Apple Genius Bar.  ( Martin Pittaya | Flickr ) Advertisement A recent article by the New York Times puts in focus the age prejudice that people over 50 face within a workplace or when seeking employment. One of the highlighted stories was that of a former Apple engineer who got rejected for a position at Apple's Genius Bar. John Kullmann Scheinberg, referred to in the NY Times article as JK Scheinberg, started working under Apple as a product development director in 1987. In later years, Apple had him work on several projects as a senior engineer. From the years 2000 to 2008, Scheinberg was assigned to the Intel OS X kernel development in which he led the effort of moving Mac OS X to the Intel Platform. "Yes I'm the engineer that started the Marklar secret project moving Mac OS X to the Intel Platform," Scheinberg specifies in his LinkedIn page. Scheinberg retired in 2008 and thereafter, launched a couple of startup companies. However, restless from his retirement, the 54-year-old applied for a position at an Apple Genius Bar, in which majority of interviewees are half his age. "On the way out, all three of the interviewers singled me out and said, 'We'll be in touch,'" says Scheinberg. "I never heard back." But while the Age Discrimination in Employment Act prohibits employment discrimination based on age, a 2013 AARP study reveals that 64 percent of older workers, 45 to 74 years old, claim to have either seen and/or experienced age discrimination in their workplaces. Moreover, one in five older job applicants believe that they didn't get hired due to their age. The article's author, Ashton Applewhite, describes ageism as "a dumb and destructive obsession with youth so extreme that experience has become a liability." Applewhite underscores that older workers can handle stress well, are reliable, commit less mistakes and are less likely to injure themselves. These are supported by data gathered by the AARP. Furthermore, a more recent AARP study, titled "The Long Road Back: Struggling to Find Work after Unemployment," shows that older people who lost their long-term job have a harder time finding new long-term jobs and are likely to leave the workforce altogether. And even if they do find new jobs, half of them get paid less than what they were making from their previous job. The upside is that the majority are provided with better working conditions. It is, however, important to note that while more than 50 percent of older people see age as a hindrance for finding a job, they also voted for the lack of job availability, at 71 percent, as the biggest barrier on why they can't find employment. Photo: Martin Pittaya | Flickr  TAG Genius Bar, Apple, Workplace Discrimination © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles iPhone 7 Plus Spotted On Geekbench, Powerful A10 Processor In Tow Apple Updates Subscription Services To Give App Store Developers With Long-Term Users A Bigger Revenue Split iPhone 7 Specs Predicted Before Wednesday Event: Reputed KGI Analyst Notes What To Expect Purported iPhone 7 Plus Packaging Reveals Option For AirPods Wireless Earphones Out Of The Box Apple Twitter Account Finally Comes Alive And The Internet Comes Up With Different Reasons Why From Our Sponsor Bluetooth Speakers: The Conveniences They Bring And The Advantages Over Wired Speakers At a time when almost every portable electronic device come with their own speakers, are Bluetooth speakers becoming obsolete? The truth is far from it as Bluetooth speakers bring many conveniences and have several advantages over wired speakers SPONSORED BY Willnorn Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' vs. 'Pokémon Moon': Here Are The Differences To Help You Decide Which Version To Buy 2 Microsoft Xbox One Black Friday 2016 Bundle Deal Prices Compared: Target, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, Costco And More 3 Wearable Tech Nike HyperAdapt 1.0 Self-Lacing Sneakers To Cost $720, Not $1,000: Dec. 1 Expected Release Date, Not Nov. 28 Advertisement 4 Internet Amazon Prime Membership Sale: One Day Only $79 Discount Deal Announced Just In Time For Black Friday 2016 5 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Xiaomi Mi Mix Mini Leaks, Reveals 5.5-Inch Display, Snapdragon 821 And 4 GB Of RAM Under The Hood 6 Microsoft Microsoft Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed: $429 Off Surface Pro 4, $400 Off Surface Book, Lumia BOGO And More 7 Earth/Environment Scientists Modify Photosynthesis To Produce More Crops 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Sprint Black Friday 2016 Deals Include BOGO Galaxy S7, Free 4K TV When You Buy LG V20 And More 9 Video Games NES Classic Edition: Walmart Will Run Flash Sales From Nov. 16 to Nov. 18 10 Gadgets Samsung Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed: $50 Off Gear S3 Classic And Frontier, Discounts On Pre-Owned Galaxy Phones And More EDITOR'S PICKS Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users LOOK: iPhone 7 Plus Explodes In China After Hitting The Ground Constipation Linked To Increased Risk For Kidney Disease: Ways To Prevent And Treat Constipation Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 How To See Supermoon November 2016: What Time Should You Look Up Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
GameStar-PCs | Newsletter | Abo-Shop | Merchandise | Forum Netzwerk-Seiten Onlinewelten.com Gamez.de Areagames.de Pietsmiet.de Diablo-3.net Sims-3.net MafiaII.net NfSPlanet.de Gta-Xtreme.de Gamestar.hu Gamestar.pl GamePro.de | Mein-MMO.de | IGN DE GameStar GO Home GameStar-Heft Tablet-Ausgabe GameStar-PCs Abo-Shop Newsletter Quiz Umfragen Gewinnspiele Aktuelles Heft GameStar 12/2016 Erhältlich ab: 23. November 2016 Heftinhalt DVD-Highlights Mitmachkarte One GameStar-PCs GameStar-Notebooks - Schneller, günstiger und leichter mit Desktop-Grafikleistung GRATIS Mafia 3 - Jetzt mit One GameStar-PC TITAN Ihren Rachefeldzug starten » Heft bestellen » GameStar-PCs & Notebooks Folgen Sie uns! Facebook.com Twitter.com Youtube.com Twitch.tv Google+ RSS-Feeds PLUS GameStar Plus Vollversion Reports GameStar TV Vorteile Heftarchiv Heftvideos Plus entdecken GameStar Plus-Vorteile Dishonored von Gamesrocket.de Action » Gutschein holen Firefall - 5x Digital Deluxe Edition und 10x Starter Pack zu gewinnen Blu-rays, DVD & Spiele bei Verleihshop.de - Monatlicher 2,99-Euro-Gutschein PC-Spiele bei Gamesrocket.de - 10 Prozent Rabatt für GameStar Plus Neues bei GameStar Plus Noch mehr Kontrolle mit Plus - Content-Filter erweitert Volle Kontrolle mit Plus - Mit neuem Content-Filter Promotion-Inhalte bestimmen » Alle Neuheiten Was ist GameStar Plus? Fair Play ohne Werbung auf GameStar.de, viele Extras inklusive. Schon ab 1,99€/Monat. » alle GameStar Plus-Vorteile » GameStar Plus entdecken Spiele Alle PC-Spiele Screenshots Wallpaper Charts Genre-Toplisten Release-Liste Downloads Key-Verlosungen Top-Spiele Mafia 3 Dishonored 2: Das Vermächtnis der Maske Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Battlefield 1 Titanfall 2 Tyranny Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered Civilization 6 » Weitere Top-Spiele Spiele-Genres Action Rollenspiele Strategie Sport Adventure Ego-Shooter Online-Rollenspiele Rennspiele News Alle News Top-News Aufreger Spiele-News Hardware Free2Play Deals Top-News Stargate - Film-Reboot von Roland Emmerich liegt auf Eis Dishonored 2 - Beta-Patch 1.1 behebt erste Performance-Probleme Civilization 6 - Großes Herbst-Update: Was die KI gelernt hat Google Pixel - Google sperrte bei Verkauf an Dritte das komplette Nutzerkonto Battlefield 1 - Rentner lernt Weltkriegs-Shooter durch seinen Enkel kennen & lieben Game One - Kultsendung kehrt zurück und heißt jetzt »Game Two« Total War - Setting des nächsten historischen Teils komplett neu Overwatch - Gratis-Wochenende startet heute Abend » Zur Übersicht mit allen News » News einsenden Videos Neueste Videos Video-News Test-Videos Alle Kanäle & Shows Trailer Meistgesehen Top-Videos WD Blue - 1TB-SSD mit verbessertem Speicher Battlefield 1 - Video: Gameplay, Infos und Kritik zum neuen Hardcore-Modus Kong: Skull Island - Film-Trailer mit King Kong und vielen weiteren Monstern Watch Dogs 2 - Angespielt: Was bietet der nahtlose Multiplayer? Dishonored 2 - Test-Video zum Schleichspiel des Jahres Space Hulk: Deathwing - 17 Minuten Gameplay-Demo aus der Solo-Kampagne Rainbow Six: Siege - Red Crow DLC - Neue Kämpfer, neue Taktiken News: No-Man's-Sky-Entwickler macht jetzt Star Citizen - Blizzard-Story-Guru Metzen kündigt wegen Panik-Attacken » Weitere Videos-Trends Tests Alle Tests Action Rollenspiele Strategie Sport Adventure PC-Releases Leser-Rezensionen Test-Highlights Civilization 6 im Test - Krone mit Kratzer Battlefield 1 im Test - Dice hat's noch drauf Titanfall 2 im Test - Fast nichts zu Mech-ern Skyrim Special Edition im Test - Immer noch legendär Tyranny im Test - Das Böse ist richtig gut! Neue Testberichte Motorsport Manager im Test - Angriff auf die Pole-Position Dishonored 2 im Test - So gut war Stealth seit Jahren nicht Warframe im Test - Unterbrechung der Content-Flaute Tyranny im Test - Das Böse ist richtig gut! Transport Fever im Test - Das neue Transport Tycoon? » alle Tests » alle Tests Hardware Hardware News Windows 10 Tests Technik-Checks Ratgeber Grafikkarten Bestenlisten GameStar-PCs Grafikkarten-Tests Nvidia Titan X im Test Geforce GTX 1080 im Test Radeon RX 480 im Test Geforce GTX 1070 im Test Radeon RX 470 im Test Aktuelle Hardware-Tests MSI Trident im Test Logitech G403 Prodigy Wireless im Test PlayStation 4 Pro im Test im Test Gigabyte Geforce GTX 1060 G1 Gaming 3G im Test Kaufberatung Grafikkarten-Kaufberatung Prozessor-Kaufberatung Die besten CPU-Upgrades Selbstbau-PC-Kaufberatung Spiele-PC zusammenbauen SSD-Kaufberatung Die besten Spieler-Mäuse Tastatur-Kaufberatung Headset-Kaufberatung Monitor-Kaufberatung Gehäuse-Kaufberatung » alle Hardware-Tests » alle Praxis-Artikel Artikel Previews Spiele-Specials Technik-Checks Angespielt Reports Interviews Filmkritiken Kolumnen Neue Artikel Rassismus in Spielen - Malcolm X, Mandela und ich 15 Jahre Xbox - Meine Xbox-Achterbahn Planet Coaster - Kreativität muss sein! Fünf Jahre Skyrim - Der Drachen-Dauerbrenner Mass Effect: Andromeda - Die 10 wichtigsten Fragen beantwortet Neue Specials Die besten Oldschool-Rollenspiele - Erzähl mir von früher Planet Coaster vs. Rollercoaster Tycoon World - Klarer Sieger bei den Spielern Die besten Spiele für den Mac - Das sind unsere Top 20 Motorsport Manager - Einsteiger-Guide Die besten Strategiespiele 2015/2016 - Das sind die Top 20 mit der höchsten GameStar-Wertung » alle Artikel » alle Specials Tipps Neue Tipps Ark - Konsolenbefehlen Cheats Singleplayer cossacks 3 - Cossacks 3 PC Cheats Police Tactics: Imperio - Cheat (cheat Engine) RimWorld - Viele Tipps aus eigener Erfahrung Transistor - Die stärksten Skills Neue Lösungen Fallout 4 - Alle Hauptquests und Nebenaufgaben im Walkthrough Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Alle Quests & Missionen im Walkthrough gelöst Dreamfall Chapters - Walkthrough: Alle Missionen in Buch 1 gelöst Action Henk - Action Henk - Walkthrough Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 2 - Komplettlösung / Walkthrough - Die Hauptmissionen » alle Tipps und Cheats » alle Komplettlösungen Alle Tipps Lösungen Guides Tipps und Cheats Community Neue Blogeinträge Viele Gamer nehmen ihr Hobby nicht ernst!von meisterlampe1989 Being Ben Danneberg - Endlich Baldurs Gate spielenvon delMar Skyrim Physik Bug behebenvon Adecius Games und ihre Möglichkeitenvon Smashmello Neue Leser-Rezensionen Tiger & Chicken - Review “Moorhuhn: Volle doppelte Ladung”von Brakus Battlefield 1 - Geniale Shooter-Action im Ersten Weltkriegvon Klugscheißer Lords of the Fallen - Souls-Like aus Deutschlandvon MattisHammer Stasis - Stückwerk-Grusel mit Mackenvon TheVG » alle Blogs » alle Leser-Rezensionen Forum Blogs Leserrezensionen User Kontrollzentrum Preisvergleich PC-Hardware Grafikkarten Prozessoren Arbeitsspeicher SSD-Festplatten Notebooks & Zubehör PC-Peripherie Monitore Headsets Tastaturen Mäuse Externe Festplatten Unterhaltungselektronik Konsolen Fernseher Blu-ray-Player AV-Receiver Beamer Smartphones & Tablets Handys ohne Vertrag Handys mit Vertrag Handy-Akkus Tablets Tablet-Zubehör » Computer & Software im Preisvergleich » Handy & Telefon im Preisvergleich PC-Hardware Notebooks Spiele & Filme Home Cinema Handy & Telefon GameStar-Sparberater Deals Hardware | News | Windows 10 | Tests | Technik-Checks | Ratgeber | Grafikkarten | Bestenlisten | GameStar-PCs   Microsoft Windows 10 Betriebssysteme   |   Datum: 31.07.2015 Hardware-Newsletter bestellen Den komfortablen Einseiten-Lesemodus gibt's exklusiv bei GameStar Plus. Jetzt holen und fair ohne Werbeunterbrechung surfen und viele Extras dazubekommen. Intel Kaby Lake & AMD Zen - Beschränkung auf Windows 10 wegen neuer Features Die neue CPU-Generationen Kaby Lake und Zen werden von Intel und AMD unter Windows 7 und Windows 8.1 nicht mehr durch neue Treiber unterstützt. Von Georg Wieselsberger | Datum: 03.09.2016 ; 08:40 Uhr Kommentare (91) AMD Zen und Intels Kaby Lake werden von den Prozessorherstellern keine Treiber für Windows 7 und Windows 8 erhalten. Zum Thema Microsoft Windows 10 ab 15 € bei Amazon.de Update: Laut Hothardware sind spezielle Energiespar-Funktionen in Intels Kaby Lake und die Verarbeitung von zwei Threads pro Kern bei AMDs Zen die Gründe dafür, dass die neuen Prozessoren wohl nur unter Windows 10 offiziell unterstützt werden. Die Speed-Shift-Funktion von Intel ist bereits in den aktuellen Skylake-CPUs wie dem Core i7 6700K enthalten und funktioniert ebenfalls nur unter Windows 10. Kaby Lake wird eine verbesserte Version dieser Energiespar-Funktion bieten. AMDs Zen-Prozessoren können pro Kern zwei Threads verarbeiten, doch laut dem Bericht ist diese Funktion nicht identisch mit dem ähnlichen Hyper-Threading von Intel, die auch in älteren Windows-Versionen funktioniert. Um die neuen Funktionen von Kaby Lake und Zen verwenden zu können, müssen diese aber auch durch den Betriebssystem-Kernel unterstützt werden. Bei Windows 7 hatte Microsoft für die AMD Bulldozer-Prozessoren noch ein Update bereitgestellt, um den Windows-Kernel für dessen neue Funktionen zu optimieren. Da Microsoft aber aktuell nur noch Windows 10 mit neuen Funktionen ausstattet, wird auch nur noch diese Windows-Version für die neuen CPU-Generationen optimiert. Allerdings sollten laut dem Bericht keine Probleme auftreten, wenn die neuen Prozessoren beispielsweise mit Windows 7 genutzt werden. Windows XP funktioniert auch heute noch mit einer Skylake-CPU, auch wenn viele Features des Prozessors dann ungenutzt bleiben. Quelle: Hothardware Originalmeldung: Vor einigen Monaten hatte Microsoft angekündigt, dass die älteren Betriebssysteme Windows 7 und Windows 8.1 keine Unterstützung mehr für neue, zu diesem Zeitpunkt nicht veröffentlichte CPU-Generationen erhalten werden. Damit waren von dieser Ankündigung sowohl die kommenden Zen-Prozessoren von AMD als auch Kaby Lake von Intel betroffen. Als Grund hatte Microsoft unter anderem angegeben, dass Features der neuen CPUs tiefer in das Betriebssystem integriert werden sollen und das bei älteren Versionen aufgrund des unterschiedlichen Aufbaus nicht möglich sei. Microsoft war für diese Entscheidung stark kritisiert worden, doch nun sieht es so aus, als seien die Prozessor-Hersteller zumindest daran beteiligt. Wie Intel gegenüber PC World bestätigt, wird es für Kaby Lake aufgrund der Entscheidung von Microsoft keine neuen Treiber für Windows 7 und Windows 8 geben. Auch der Technik-Chef von AMD, Mark Papermaster. hat auf Anfrage bestätigt, dass die Roadmap des Unternehmens komplett mit der Software-Strategie von Microsoft abgestimmt ist. Damit scheint nun sicher, dass die neuen Prozessoren beider Hersteller keine Windows-7/8-Treiber mehr erhalten, allerdings ist nicht klar, was das für Nutzer der älteren Betriebssysteme bedeutet. Im besten Fall funktionieren auch die neuen Prozessoren wegen des x86-Standards an sich problemlos, können aber einige neue Features unter Windows 7 und Windows 8 nicht nutzen. Allerdings könnten auch dann noch Probleme mit neuerer Software auftreten, die mit der nicht unterstützen Kombination aus altem Windows und neuer CPU nicht zurechtkommt. Intels Skylake-CPUs wie der Core i7 6700K sind damit die letzte voll unterstützte CPU-Generation unter Windows 7 und Windows 8. Laut AMD bezieht sich die Aussage von Mark Papermaster übrigens nur auf Windows und nicht auf Linux oder macOS. Quelle: PC World Kommentieren (91) vorherige News: PlayStation 4 Neo - Preis auf Release-Niveau der Standard-PS4? nächste News: Star Trek Online - Konsolen-Versionen erschienen – Überarbeitete Version für PC kommt noch Sagen Sie Ihre Meinung (» alle Kommentare) Nur angemeldete Benutzer können kommentieren und bewerten! » Zum Login Sie sind noch nicht in der GameStar-Community angemeldet? » Zur kostenlosen Anmeldung Erster Beitrag  |  » Neuester Beitrag 1 2 3 ... 9 weiter » deutscher_michel #1 | 03. Sep 2016, 09:09 Super Entscheidung, da Win10 aktuell gerade mal 22% Marktanteil hat, wollen sie wohl einfach keine CPUs verkaufen.. https://www.netmarketshare.com/operating-s ystem-market-share.aspx?qprid=10&qpcustomd=0  (24)  |   (50) cryer #2 | 03. Sep 2016, 09:14 Da bin ich jetzt echt gespannt, welche "neuen Killer-Features" es sein werden, die Intel und AMD in die neuen Prozessoren einbauen und ob diese für das tägliche Arbeiten und Spielen am PC wirklich wichtig und von Software-Entwicklern dann auch unterstützt werden ;-)  (11)  |   (9) Tidaltree #3 | 03. Sep 2016, 09:18 Dann heißt es wohl abwarten, welche neuen Features das sind, die nicht funktionieren werden, und ob man auf diese auch verzichten kann. Zudem kann die Behauptung, daß diese Funktionen bei älteren Betriebssystemen nicht integriert werden könne, eine reine PR-Behauptung darstellen, um die Verbreitung von Win1['m]0[ut] zu befördern. Kreativen Codern mag es ja durchaus noch gelingen, Selber einen Treiber für Win7/8 zu programmieren, der diese Funktionen lauffähig integriert.  (13)  |   (12) TheSam #4 | 03. Sep 2016, 09:28 Naja, wenn man bedenkt wie wenig sich die CPUs in den letzten Jahren seit dem 2500k weiterentwickelt haben, dann kann man damit gut leben und kauft sich zur Not eben nochmal einen Skylake und kann den noch vollumfänglich ein paar Jahre nutzen, bis man irgendwann selbst auf ein neues OS wechseln will.  (26)  |   (9) EvilKenivel1976 #5 | 03. Sep 2016, 09:31 Das werden bestimmt irgendwelche neuen Energiesparoptionen sein. Da ich eh immer alles auf Leistung stelle würde mich das nicht interessieren. Naja und außerdem gehöre ich zu den 22% die Windows 10 benutzen ^^  (19)  |   (14) Agent.Smith #6 | 03. Sep 2016, 09:45 Zitat von : Auch der Technik-Chef von AMD, Mark Papermaster. hat auf Anfrage bestätigt, dass die Roadmap des Unternehmens komplett mit der Software-Strategie von Microsoft abgestimmt ist. Und wer ist denn nun auf wen zugegangen und hat um diese Abstimmung gebeten? Ich mein, gerade AMD kann doch gerade echt jeden noch so kleinen Wetbewerbsvorteil gebrauchen. Und Treiber für eins der (noch) verbreitetsten Betriebssysteme überhaupt ist nun sicher kein kleiner Wettbewerbsvorteil. Ich kann nicht so recht glauben, dass gerade AMD so völlig freiwillig und ohne "Motivation von außen" darauf verzichtet hat.  (27)  |   (6) Tigerchen85 #7 | 03. Sep 2016, 09:50 Zitat von Agent.Smith: Ich kann nicht so recht glauben, dass gerade AMD so völlig freiwillig und ohne "Motivation von außen" darauf verzichtet hat. AMD hat im Prozessor Markt einfach nichts mehr zu melden. So einfach ist das. Die Big Player sind nunmal INTEL und Microsoft (im Software Bereich). AMD kann sich fügen oder es lassen, aber es wird sicher nichts ändern.  (7)  |   (33) Agent.Smith #8 | 03. Sep 2016, 09:54 Zitat von Tigerchen85: AMD hat im Prozessor Markt einfach nichts mehr zu melden. So einfach ist das. Die Big Player sind nunmal INTEL und Microsoft (im Software Bereich). AMD kann sich fügen oder es lassen, aber es wird sicher nichts ändern. "Sich fügen" sieht so aus als wären sie gezwungen worden und nicht "motiviert" durch Geld oder Zusagen. Ich glaube es war eher Letzteres.  (6)  |   (7) Eris #9 | 03. Sep 2016, 10:05 Ich kann euch jetzt schon sagen, dass da vielleicht ein sinnvolles Feature dabei sein wird und der Rest nur zur Verdongelung (was für ein Wort :)) des PC´s dient. Natürlich läuft das Ganze dann wieder unter dem Aspekt "Sicherheit für den Endkunden".  (5)  |   (6) Tidaltree #10 | 03. Sep 2016, 10:07 Zitat von Tigerchen85: AMD hat im Prozessor Markt einfach nichts mehr zu melden. So einfach ist das. Die Big Player sind nunmal INTEL und Microsoft. AMD kann sich fügen oder es lassen, aber es wird sicher nichts ändern. Wenn da mal nicht die Geheimdienstinteressen eine Dominanz im Verhandlungsverlauf eingenommen haben ... Ist ja vielleicht auch eine Sache für das Bundeskartellamt. Wäre gespannt darauf, was Die von dieser Abstimmung zwischen Hard- und Softareunternehmen halten würden. Win10-Umstiegsunwilligen Kunden stünde da ja auch noch eine rechtliche Prüfung auf spürbare Beeinträchtigung durch unsachliche Beeinflussung offen [§3;§4 UWG].  (9)  |   (11)  Nach oben 1 2 3 ... 9 weiter » Nur angemeldete Benutzer können Kommentare bewerten. » Zum Login | » Zur Registrierung Soll dieser Kommentar wirklich gemeldet werden? Missbrauch kann zur Account-Sperrung führen! Vielen Dank! Die Beschwerde wurde registriert PREISVERGLEICH Microsoft Windows 10 Pro 64-Bit OEM DE 29,95 € ab 0 € Versand » SHOP 35 weitere Angebote im Preisvergleich Microsoft Windows 10 Home 64-Bit OEM DE 90,09 € ab 0 € Versand » SHOP 32 weitere Angebote im Preisvergleich Microsoft Windows 10 Home 32-Bit OEM DE 94,87 € ab 0 € Versand » SHOP 24 weitere Angebote im Preisvergleich Microsoft Windows 10 Pro 32-Bit OEM DE 130,90 € ab 0 € Versand » SHOP 22 weitere Angebote im Preisvergleich » weitere Angebote Microsoft-Betriebssysteme Microsoft Windows 8 Microsoft Windows 7 Microsoft Windows XP Aktuelle Betriebssysteme Google Android Valve SteamOS Hardware-Praxis Das Darknet - Mehr als nur illegaler Schwarzmarkt Kostenloses Windows 10 Upgrade - Aktivierung nach Fristende Windows 10 Upgrade-Frist läuft ab - Seriennummer jetzt noch kostenlos reservieren Unreal Engine 4 - Fast fotorealistische Grafikdemo Windows 10 Anniversary Update - Das bringt das Service Pack für Windows 10 » Alle Praxisartikel Die besten Games Jetzt mit Amazon sparen und sich die besten Games direkt ins Haus holen! Blitzangebote bei Amazon Angebote: Jeden Tag neue Deals - stark reduziert Deals & Sonderangebote Übersicht Test Bilder Leser-Rezensionen Preisvergleich   GameStar >  Hardware  > Microsoft Windows 10  Top Rubriken: Impressum | Über uns | Kontakt | Nutzungsbestimmungen | Mediadaten | Datenschutz & Cookies | Sitemap | Spielearchiv | Archiv   Webedia Mediengruppe GamePro | IGN | Onlinewelten | Areagames | allyance Network | Gamespilot | Moviepilot | Filmstarts | Purestars | Jeuxvideo.com | Millenium.org | Jobs Facebook YouTube Google+ Twitter RSS-Feeds Newsletter © Webedia - alle Rechte vorbehalten  SCHLIESSEN Originalgröße anzeigen  SCHLIESSEN  SCHLIESSEN Originalgröße anzeigen   


null
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Intel to acquire Movidius computer vision chipmaker Intel has acquired Movidius, a specialist in AI and computer vision processors. The deal will help Intel with deep learning solutions,digital security cameras and expand into drones, robots, virtual reality headsets and more. The financial terms of the transaction were not disclosed. Movidius, a specialist in AI and computer vision processors has worked with DJI, Google and Lenovo to give 3D vision to devices. It was an early partner with Alphabet Inc.’s Google unit in Project Tango. Intel’s Josh Walden said, With Movidius, Intel gains low-power, high-performance SoC platforms for accelerating computer vision applications. Additionally, this acquisition brings algorithms tuned for deep learning, depth processing, navigation and mapping, and natural interactions, as well as broad expertise in embedded computer vision and machine intelligence. Movidius’ technology optimizes, enhances and brings RealSense capabilities to fruition. Remi El-Ouazzane CEO of Movidius said, Our leading VPU (Vision Processing Unit) platform for on-device vision processing combined with Intel’s industry leading depth sensing solution (Intel® RealSense™ Technology) is a winning combination for autonomous machines that can see in 3D, understand their surroundings and navigate accordingly. Last month, Intel unveiled all-in-one standalone virtual reality (VR) headset dubbed as Project Alloy at the 2016 Intel Developer Forum. The company also acquired artificial intelligence startup Nervana Systems. Source "Intel to acquire Movidius computer vision chipmaker", 5 out of 5 based on 2 ratings. Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using Nexus 5X but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on September 7, 2016Categories Intel, News Post navigation Previous Previous post: OnePlus 3 Soft Gold version launching October first week in India Next Next post: Google Chrome gets Android Pay support Trending Phones OnePlus 3 Xiaomi Mi Max Gionee S6 Pro Le 2 Pro Le 2 Le Max 2 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts HTC schedules an event in Taiwan on Nov 22, water-resistant HTC 10 Evo with Android 7.0 expected Apple could integrate Augmented Reality technology into iPhone camera app Reliance Jio starts testing doorstep SIM card delivery through pilot program Xiaomi Mi MIX Nano surfaces, Apple exploring iPhone production in the US and more – FoneArena Daily YouTube Kids improves parental controls with ability to block videos and channels Apple launches repair program for iPhone 6 Plus’ multi-touch issue RCom’s RGC India app for international calls launched, call rates start from Rs. 1.4 per minute CyanogenMod 14.1 nightly builds now available for OnePlus One, OnePlus 2, Moto G (3rd Gen) and more Google Home Unboxing Google and Intel team up to push enterprise cloud adoption CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
Home Business Software Chips Mobile Internet Security Review Desktop Software Graphics cards Laptops Mobile apps Mobiles Peripherals Storage Tablets Workstations TechEye Home Business Software Chips Mobile Internet Security Review Desktop Software Graphics cards Laptops Mobile apps Mobiles Peripherals Storage Tablets Workstations Menu Why Kaby Lake and Zen is Windows 10 only Posted on September 7, 2016 by Nick Farrell - Chips, Software Microsoft raised a few eyebrows when it announced that only Windows 10 will support Intel’s and AMD’s next-generation processor microarchitectures – codenamed Kaby Lake and Zen. It appears that there are a few features on Kaby Lake and  Zen that require significant updates to Windows 10 to optimally function. Kaby Lake uses Intel’s Speed Shift technology that make it possible to change power states more quickly than Skylake. Because Kaby Lake can make Speed Shift transitions faster, 7th Gen Core processors based on the architecture can increase and decrease clocks quickly. Speed Shift is hardware enabled but it uses the OS to function properly. Intel’s Turbo Boost Technology 3.0  with Turbo Boost Max 3.0 technology improves single-thread performance by identifying the fastest core on a particular processor die and prioritising critical workloads for that core. This pushes up the processor’s frequency when needed and  workloads are also directed to the fastest possible core available. Support for that technology needs to be in the operating system. AMD’s Zen-based processors have fine-grained clock gating with multi-level regions throughout the chip. Zen will bring in newer Simultaneous Multi-Threading technology for AMD chips. Microsoft will  have to make updates to the Windows kernel and system scheduler, which is more involved than a driver update. Vole did something similar to add proper support for Bulldozer-based processors with Windows 7. So as far as AMD, Microsoft and Intel are concerned getting rid of support for older systems makes perfect sense. You can’t lock these chips into something which was released seven years ago. Windows 8 is similar to Windows 10 but about as popular as the Boston Strangler it is just not worth trying to update. While corporate customers might like to remain on Windows 7 and incorporate next-gen hardware into their infrastructure, there will not be many of them. Older versions of Windows and alternative operating systems will still install and run on Kaby Lake and Zen, but they just won’t do the cool stuff. Tags: amd, microsoft, Windows 10, zen Search for: Recent Articles Apple finally releases cure for touch disease The fruity tax-dodging cargo cult also known as Apple has finally released a cure for “a problem” in[...] Three was hacked One of Blighty's biggest mobile phone companies, Three, has been hacked and its customer upgrade dat[...] Telcos likely to have supreme power over Google After all its years being in bed with the Obama administration, the search engine Google might sudde[...] Germany mulls fining Facebook over hate speech Germany's Justice Minister thinks that the social notworking site Facebook should be treated like a [...] Too many Chinese CEOs in Silicon Valley Donald Trump’s top advisor claims that there are too many Chinese CEOs in Silicon Valley, in a state[...] © 2016 TechEye.
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go Home › Business › Business News Irish tech company is snapped up by Intel in £251m deal By Staff Reporter Published 07/09/2016 0 Comments Share Irish tech company is snapped up by Intel in £251m deal BelfastTelegraph.co.uk The Irish computer chip design business Movidius is being bought by Intel in a deal that is expected to be worth more than €300m (£251m). http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/irish-tech-company-is-snapped-up-by-intel-in-251m-deal-35027090.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/republic-of-ireland/article35027355.ece/de3ef/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-7dcd7811-13eb-4ddf-a718-34d5662fa81d_I1.jpg Email Movidius was founded in 2006 by David Moloney and Sean Mitchell The Irish computer chip design business Movidius is being bought by Intel in a deal that is expected to be worth more than €300m (£251m). Movidius was founded in 2006 by David Moloney and Sean Mitchell. Its main activity is making chips that let machines 'see' and 'think' by giving them more power in smaller, unconnected units. That is now in massive demand, especially for use in unmanned drones. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments After signing deals with Google, Lenovo and DJI, the Dublin company attracted the interest of other top-end tech firms that want to position themselves in the 'internet of things' sector. Movidius chief executive Remi El-Ouzzane said: "I'm excited to announce the planned acquisition of Movidius by Intel. "Movidius' mission is to give the power of sight to machines. As part of Intel, we will remain focused on this mission, but with the technology and the resources to innovate faster and execute at scale. "We will continue to operate with the same eagerness to invent and the same customer-focused attitude that we're known for, and we will retain the Movidius talent and the start-up mentality that we have demonstrated over the years." Last year, Google said that it would use Movidius's technology as part of its own 3D-mapping platform. The move means that Movidius chips could form part of a much wider adoption among phone and mobile device makers. The deal comes as new figures show corporate deal-making slumped UK-wide in the run-up to the Brexit vote. The Office for National Statistics (ONS) said there was a 54% slump in successful £1m or more mergers and acquisitions between April and June, with 87 deals involving UK companies worth around £14bn. It marks a sharp decline on the 190 deals completed in the first three months of the year valued at £69bn, which the ONS said was "unusually high". The second quarter figures also show a 34% drop in deals and mark the latest sign that activity was hit by Brexit jitters. Foreign deals with UK firms were their lowest for three years in the second quarter, with 20 deals, compared with 52 between January and March. Belfast Telegraph Your Comments COMMENT RULES: Comments that are judged to be defamatory, abusive or in bad taste are not acceptable and contributors who consistently fall below certain criteria will be permanently blacklisted. The moderator will not enter into debate with individual contributors and the moderator’s decision is final. It is Belfast Telegraph policy to close comments on court cases, tribunals and active legal investigations. We may also close comments on articles which are being targeted for abuse. Problems with commenting? customercare@belfasttelegraph.co.uk Powered by Livefyre Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Livefyre. Read More SSE commits to freezing household energy prices until April 2017  Energy supplier SSE has announced it will be freezing household energy prices until at least April 2017. John Lewis store for Northern Ireland step closer after High Court order  By Alan Erwin Attempts to secure the first John Lewis store in Northern Ireland were given a major boost on Friday by a High Court order on a new planning blueprint for greater Belfast. Brexit challenge: Supreme Court to decide if UK needs Northern Ireland's consent to leave EU  A victims' campaigner's claim that the United Kingdom cannot quit the European Union without the consent of the people of Northern Ireland is to go before the Supreme Court. Shake-up of fund managers proposed by UK financial watchdog  The UK's financial watchdog has outlined a major shake-up for the fund management industry to ensure investors get a good return in an era of low-interest rates. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Ex-property tycoon Taggart brothers owe another €4m to Ulster Bank  Business News John Lewis store for Northern Ireland step closer after High Court order  Business News Northern Ireland workers experience biggest rise in commuting...  Business News Belfast Telegraph Property Awards 2016: Winners announced at Ramada gala...  Business News Big rise in workers facing daily commutes of two hours or more  Northern Ireland Video: Queen meets Portuguese President  Video News Anger after Daily Express confuses Ireland and Northern Ireland on Brexit tea caddy  UK Donald Trump could make Sinn Fein ally Peter King counter-terror chief in White House  World UK charity warns tourists in Dubai not to report rape after woman who was 'gang raped'...  World Why pets like Walnut make us better human beings simply for having them share...  Gail Walker Wayne Rooney controversy: Unnamed football agent claims Irish background to blame for behaviour Ex-property tycoon Taggart brothers owe another €4m to Ulster Bank Investigatory Powers Bill: 'Snoopers Charter 2' to pass into law, giving Government sweeping spying powers Northern Ireland needs a Brexit wishlist, insists former Blair aide Belfast could get 50 more offices over the next five years Revealed: Worst place in NI for car thefts Level-headed Belfast dog goes viral Nightlife Galleries Nightlife Limelight for Circus, November 15 [Photos]  Nightlife Nightlife: Filthy McNasty's, Nov 13  From Belfast Telegraph Sunday Life Female warder bound with sticking tape to chair by laughing inmates  World Trump could make Sinn Fein ally counter-terror chief  Northern Ireland Snow arrives in Northern Ireland  Northern Ireland Terrified Branson feared he would die in Limavady  News Analysis News Analysis: Opinion: Time lift barrier on tolls in Northern Ireland  World China bans 'fatty' Kim Jong Un nickname on web  Northern Ireland Coalisland traffic warden flees after threats  Technology New jet will do London to New York in three hours  Northern Ireland 2,000 fined for using bus lanes in dead of night  Sports Awards Belfast Telegraph Sports Awards 2016 - it's time to choose the winners  Opinion Opinion: Topical and political cartoons from Belfast Telegraph  Events The Troubles gallery - IRA checkpoint, early 1970s  By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go
/ IoT Zone Over a million developers have joined DZone. Sign In / Join {{node.title}} {{node.type}} · {{ node.urlSource.name }} · by {{node.authors[0].realName }} DOWNLOAD {{node.downloads}} {{totalResults}} search results Refcardz Guides Zones | Agile Big Data Cloud Database DevOps Integration IoT Java Mobile Performance Web Dev Let's be friends: Intel Joule: Is it for Maker or Enterprise IoT? Three IoT professionals discuss the Intel Joule, a new dev kit, and the role it could play in helping connect the worlds of maker and enterprise IoT. by Ishu Verma · Sep. 07, 16 · IoT Zone Like (5) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Join the DZone community and get the full member experience. Join For Free Access the survey results 'State of Industrial Internet Application Development' to learn about latest challenges, trends and opportunities with Industrial IoT, brought to you in partnership with GE Digital. Intel Developer Forum (IDF) last month had many product announcements, including the Intel Joule, a powerful IoT dev kit. Although targeted at makers, Intel and partners spoke about how the  Joule can be used for industrial IoT use cases — cases like augmented reality safety glasses for manufacturing environments from PivotHead. This spawned an interesting debate in geek circles — is Intel Joule just for makers or does it have a place in the hands of the IoT professional/enterprise. Here is how the exchange went amongst three Red Hat IoT aficionados: Rich Naszcyniec @naszcyniec, Paolo Patierno @ppatierno, and Ishu Verma @iot_ishu): Paolo: Building IoT devices for production takes a lot of more sweat and blood than a maker project. I come from the embedded devices world. I wrote code during the time when maker platforms like this didn’t exist, and the cheapest evaluation kits cost hundreds of dollars … today we have products that cost just dozens of dollars I don’t like it when people consider these platforms to be ready to use as an embedded device for IoT without re-engineering them first… and trust me … there are a lot of people who think like that out there. A lot of software developers are moving to the IoT space not only on the cloud side but on the devices side as well. We should be  worried about that and what the world could be with such devices not being developed from scratch by an engineering team with both hardware and software knowledge thinking about all the concerns related to the environment. These new developers are helped by the “huge” amount of resources they have on devices today (or something similar). These are more like “little” servers … not like devices with a few KB of RAM and Flash. I only hope that all these boards are for a makers’ market or at least used by enterprises for fast prototyping (validating an idea), demos and POCs. It’s also true, at least as far as I’m aware, that current industrial products are not based on Galileo, Edison, Raspberry Pi …. isn’t it? Rich: Maker approach works for new markets like IoT. Serious question. What is the harm you are concerned about? I am sure amateur board makers and teams will put some items on the market with flaws. But honestly, it won’t be the first time I have seen that happen. Even with devices I installed prior to the maker movement. I have boxes of purchased-but-now-dead items I keep thinking I will scavenge a part or two from. Personally, I am thrilled by the maker movement. It revitalizes interest in science and, specifically, electronics. I see it more and more often in the schools, which is fantastic. Our kids see that it is OK to believe they can make gizmos. Heck, it even gets software “veterans” like myself interested in the hardware side of the business. A side that, for a long time, I felt was not approachable since I don’t have an electrical engineering background. I’m just a guy with a degree in marketing with an unrecognized minor in computer science. Another factor to consider is that today's mantra for software development is build fast and fail fast. With maker kits, the same mantra can be adopted for IoT. There are just so many possible uses for IoT, it is hard to know what new idea will stick in the market. Don’t cheap maker kits make it easier for a person or team with an idea give it a try? Paolo: IoT/embedded products need be production grade. Absolutely… the maker movement revitalizes interest and as you said it’s great for schools… it’s fantastic for me… however was the Raspberry Pi born for this reason ? My son is 4 years old, and I’m waiting to start teaching him something using these boards. It’s also true that you can just set up an idea in a short time, validating it before starting the real development The problem is … if it’s done by “professionals” then they know very well that in order to have the final product, they need to move to a solid platform that is not leveraging on the maker board. Even in the past, the “professionals” already knew about starting to develop on evaluation kits but then moving to a re-engineered board for production and not selling the dev kit as a final product. If it’s done by “a non-professional” … it could become the final product! Trust me … this happens today. There is a quite interesting article, “makers and professional”, which explores the way these different figures are related to each other and can work together — over the years, some great ideas were born thanks to makers, but then the actual working product came with professionals. On moving from the idea stage with a fast prototyping and validation step to an engineering phase, the AgileIoT manifesto and related framework are quite interesting. These define how it’s possible to apply Agile methodologies for developing and deploying a complete end-to-end IoT solution. A lot of non-embedded developers are moving into the IoT world … it doesn’t seem so positive  to me because they don’t have the full background for doing this. As I said, they are driven by cheap boards and great tools and languages … but making a device work 365/7/24 is a different thing. I don’t like to think that my self-driving car could be based on a Raspberry Pi with an application developed in Node.js. Of course, it’s a limit … fortunately in some markets … the “things” are taken more seriously and built from production-grade components. Ishu: Don’t forget the things need to be integrated with enterprise systems. I agree with Paolo that the production-quality criteria are essential for mission-critical systems or widely deployed systems. The QA requirement for these systems is much more stringent, but the downside is that it takes a long time to develop, test, and deploy these systems. Once deployed, these systems continue to provide the same functionality they’re designed for for a long, long time, so it’s OK to have a long design cycle. This is similar to how enterprises design and deploy their current systems. In order for IoT devices to be integrated with existing enterprise systems, these devices need to follow the same stringent criteria for deployment, or they’ll put the entire system at risk (being the weakest link). Rich: Fail fast approach allows for a short shelf life. Thanks for the great reply. I thought that was the point you were making but wanted to make sure. It is interesting that you have concerns about “sloppy” hardware that can stem from quick prototyping and result tools available for use. I have similar concerns about software and people who take software microservice ideology to the extreme. I sense there is a rush to produce but not ensure the microservice is efficient, secure, etc. You can get away with “sloppiness” easier with software than hardware. Especially now with microservices that can be deployed to run once with all its inefficiencies, get destroyed, and then a new instance takes its place. Why worry about a runtime that runs in a timespan potentially measured in seconds or less?  I guess the parallel with cheap hardware could be who cares if it only lasts X months/years/etc. A new one is easy and cheap enough to replace it with. But is that a healthy direction? I think you have the same type of question/concern. Paolo: IoT products need to meet stringent industrial-grade criteria. It’s true what you say … that it can happen even in the software-only industry with microservices, for example. When I said 365/7/24 I didn’t mean only problems with a maker board that can’t satisfy the requirements, but the software as well. In the embedded/IoT world, your software enables the device to interact with the surrounding environment; code mistakes can be catastrophic, even in terms of human lives. Regarding the hardware, it’s not so simple to replace it … let’s consider an IoT solution for a tanker in the middle of the ocean. It’s better to have a rugged device that will run for 10 years and avoid having to reach the tanker to substitute the Raspberry Pi every month. Just to be precise and avoid misunderstanding … when I say that maker boards are not so good for real products, I mean the board themselves, but not the modules on them For example, regarding Intel Joule … I don’t think that having the entire board as a final product could be good, but having the Joule module on a re-engineered board could be just the right thing,  … of course, if the module itself is good. Regarding the software, the cheap boards and high-level languages usage allows other “types” of developers to approach the embedded/IoT world … where there are a lot of other concepts not related to the software (hardware protocols for example) … they can make a lot of mistakes, leading to a poor result. Of course, it’s true that there are other good developers who start on this path studying from scratch and improving their knowledge seriously on the hardware perspective. Rich: Fast prototyping with maker and then switching to production with industrial grade. What people do in the makerspace is great … these boards allow them to get in touch with new technologies and that’s awesome! If someone really wants to make a commercial product, I can see using these boards for fast prototyping and demos … before jumping to commercial hardware. Ishu: We’re all saying the same thing. I think we all agreeing that we need to have both approaches as they solve different problems. For areas where the technologies and standards are still evolving, the maker approach would serve the needs better, as the traditional embedded product development takes too long and is not suited for devices that need to be modified frequently. Once a winning solution emerges that is ready for wide deployment, then it can then be hardened using the traditional embedded methodologies that Paolo describes. In addition, these products also need to follow the enterprise best practices for security, management, etc. Conclusion IoT is a huge area with dozens of use cases. We need to have both approaches, as they solve different problems. For production systems, whether mission-critical systems (e.g. system for an oil rig in the middle of the ocean, health care equipment, etc) or widely deployed systems (e.g. RFID card readers), the stringent quality criteria need to be met. This means the IoT solution needs to be built with industrial-grade hardware and software components (e.g. Eurotech ReliaGate 20-26 IoT Gateway). These systems are built right and it takes time to develop, test, and deploy these systems, but they stay in operation for a long, long time. For IoT use cases that are still evolving, the fast prototyping offered by the makers’ style design approach would serve the needs better. These systems are used for development/testing and are repeatedly updated, upgraded, or replaced. The traditional embedded development model is not suited for these use cases where product features, standards, and architectures are still evolving. Once a winning solution emerges that is ready for wide deployment then it can then be hardened using the traditional embedded methodologies. Are you having similar debates with your colleagues? We would love to know what you think. The IoT Zone is brought to you in partnership with GE Digital.  Discover how IoT developers are using Predix to disrupt traditional industrial development models. Topics: industrial internet,internet of things,enterprise iot,intel,maker faire,iot app developers,iot platform,iot platform development Like (5) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} IoT Partner Resources Hear from the Predix Developer Community GE Digital 2016: State of Industrial Internet Application Development GE Digital How Industrial IoT Works GE Digital The best of DZone straight to your inbox. SEE AN EXAMPLE SUBSCRIBE Please provide a valid email address. Thanks for subscribing! Awesome! Check your inbox to verify your email so you can start receiving the latest in tech news and resources. Subscribe {{ editionName }} {{ node.blurb }} {{ ::node.title }} {{ parent.title || parent.header.title}} {{ parent.tldr }} {{ parent.linkDescription }} {{ parent.urlSource.name }} by {{ parent.authors[0].realName || parent.author}} · {{ parent.articleDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} {{ parent.linkDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} · {{ parent.portal.name }} Zone Tweet {{ parent.views }} ViewsClicks Edit Delete {{ parent.isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ parent.isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }}
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Launches Multi-Touch Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus Apple Opens Registration for 'Hour of Code' Workshops at Apple Stores TOMS Straps for Apple Watch Include Solar Power Donation Tips iOS 10: Deleting Previous Handwritten Messages iOS: Shake to Undo on iPhone and iPad, and How to Turn it Off Podcasts TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-17: Goodbye AppleScript, Apple Axes Sal Soghoian ACM 386: Apple Coffee Table Book and Design Run Amok View All Results → Brydge 12.9 Aluminum Keyboard for iPad Pro Exudes Class X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection View All Reviews → Apple's Tradition of Always Building the Best Doesn't Fit with Current Apple TV Considering Rumors of Apple AR Glasses with Tim Cook's Comments on Google Glass Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple View All Editorials → Don’t Count on Kaby Lake Processors in the New MacBook Pro Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Sep 6th, 2016 6:54 PM EST | With Intel’s Kaby Lake processors shipping and the MacBook Pro woefully overdue for a refresh, Apple could skip over Skylake and roll out new laptops with the latest chips—except that isn’t going to happen. Instead, Apple will most likely retire the aging Haswell chips it currently uses and finally move on to Skylake, and the really significant processor change won’t come until 2018 with Cannonlake. Don’t hold your breath for Kaby Lake MacBook Pro models Intel loves its code names, and considering how many processors the company makes, there are plenty to remember. Only a handful matter to Mac users, and for many the performance differences between a 2011 and 2015 MacBook Pro aren’t that significant. Deciphering Intel’s Code Names Haswell, Skylake, Kaby Lake, and Cannonlake are all code names for Intel chipsets used in desktop and laptop computers. Haswell was introduced in 2013, Skylake followed in 2015, and Kaby Lake just started shipping to device makers. Haswell used a 22nm process, while Skylake and Kaby Lake use a 14nm process, meaning the transistors packed on the chip are smaller. Skylake is an architectural change from Haswell because of its smaller process, and Kaby Lake is an iterative improvement over Skylake with reduced power consumption, better high resolution video, and built-in support for USB 3.1. Where Kaby Lake is a minor refinement of Sky Lake, Cannonlake marks the next significant chipset change because it’ll use a 10nm process. Cannonlake isn’t shipping until 2017, which means it won’t show up in the MacBook Pro until 2018. Apple first started using the Haswell chipsets in 2013 and for many Macs hasn’t moved on. Some dual-core Macs, however, are using Broadwell chips which are Haswell chips made with a 14nm process instead of 22nm. Where’s Skylake? So far, Skylake chipsets are used in the iMac and also the MacBook. We won’t see them show up in the painfully out of date Mac Pro because Intel’s Xeon chips are more appropriate there. Skylake chipsets haven’t found their way into the MacBook Pro yet even though they’ve been shipping for about a year and have been used in the iMac for almost that long. They’re working well in the uber-thin MacBook, but considering they’re already a year old and Kaby Lake chipsets are making their way to manufacturers, it seems logical on the surface for Apple to jump from Haswell to the latest and greatest when it refreshes the MacBook Pro—but that isn’t how Apple rolls. No Kaby Lake for You The next MacBook Pro refresh will include Skylake chipsets and Kaby Lake won’t show up in Apple’s pro laptop line until some time in 2017, if at all. Kaby Lake won’t ship in the quantities Apple needs until next year, and doesn’t offer a significant enough improvement over Skylake to warrant waiting several more months before giving us new laptops. Skylake will give the MacBook Pro CPU upwards of a 20% performance improvement, and around a 40% improvement for the integrated graphics processor. Battery life could be upwards of 30% better, too. Skylake also supports USB-C and Thunderbolt 3, both of which are expected on the new laptop. Apple could wait for Kaby Lake to ship in the volume it needs, but everything it wants in the chipset is already available in Skylake—and Apple can get the quantities it needs right now. Couple that with the last processor upgrade for the MacBook Pro from Ivy Bridge to Haswell in 2013, and it’s time for a big refresh. Based on the leaks so far, the new MacBook Pro will ship this fall with new processors, Thunderbolt 3, USB-C, and a touch sensitive OLED display in place of the row of function keys at the top of the built-in keyboard. The OLED display will serve as a dynamic key row showing app-specific functions. The upside is that we’ll see a MacBook Pro refresh soon instead of several months into 2017. The downside is that Apple will be criticized for using year-old processors in new Macs even though the differences between Skylake and Kaby Lake aren’t that significant. Apple could skip Kaby Lake chipsets all together considering how similar they are to Skylake. If so, that’ll give us around 18 months from this fall’s refresh before we see another big change, and instead of Kaby Lake it’ll be Cannonlake. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Tags: Intel, Kaby Lake, MacBook Pro, Skylake 6 Comments Add a comment geoduck September 6, 2016 Kaby Lake … doesn’t offer a significant enough improvement over Skylake to warrant waiting several more months before giving us new laptops. The downside is that Apple will be criticized for using year-old processors in new Macs even though the differences between Skylake and Kaby Lake aren’t that significant. Thank you for clarifying. Now I know not to worry about a Skylake processor when they roll out the next generation MBP. They’re a big jump over what I have now (a 2012 Haswell). I’d rather have a 90% now than a perfect Kaby Lake next year…oh just a minute, if I wait a few more months I’ll get the Cannonlake…but if I wait a year more I’ll get the Ice Lake…but if I… I’m looking forward to October when they announce them. September 6, 2016 at 7:19 EST PM jwdsail September 6, 2016 I could be wrong, very wrong, but hasn’t Intel shipped limited quantities of special versions of chips, just for Apple, ahead of volume production.. in the past? I’m thinking the original Intel Core Macs? If the rumors of a possible Apple/Intel partnership to produce future Ax chips is true, perhaps a limited quantity of Kaby Lake chips could be made available as part of those negotiations? Possible? September 6, 2016 at 11:49 EST PM MalibuArt September 7, 2016 The same day other sites reveal the Kaby Lake chips specifically designed for rMBP have already shipped in volume, TMO reports no chance. Any specific intelligence, secret source, anything? Intel supposedly gave Apple a big Christmas present hoping to grab a good portion of future ARM A-series chips on top of their LTE modem deal. The big question is: does Optane (whatever it really is) with its 1000x better SSD performance come with? September 7, 2016 at 2:35 EST AM RBDx3 September 7, 2016 Intel released Kaby Lake to manufacturing in June. It goes on retail sale at the end of this month / beginning of October. The optimizations to Kaby Lake over Skylake are SPECIFICALLY focused around things that benefit mobile devices the most (thinner 14nm die, improved TDP footprint, 4K rendering / encoding and improved battery life over Skylake). Not to mention, vastly improved native, on-board GPU improvements that would also fit perfectly for the upcoming MBP. The only other component that may have contributed to the delay (if one wants to say it’s actually a delay or just right on time) is that the top-end MBP will most likely (99.999% certain) run the latest AMD Polaris GPU for discreet graphics, just as the 2015 rMBP did with the Radeon R9 M370X. Apple will be launching new MBPs in October with Kaby Lake. Just in time for the holidays. That’s why we didn’t see / hear anything today. September 7, 2016 at 6:13 EST PM Adam Christianson September 9, 2016 @MalibuArt and @RBDx3. Yes Intel has shipped both their Y- (previously Core M) and U-series chips to manufacturers, but those are only dual-core models and suitable for ultraportables and convertibles. It might be conceivable that Apple could use those for a Macbook Air update, but I doubt the Air will be updated. The Macbook Pro would use the H-series (quad-core) and iMacs would use the S-Series (also quad-core) chips. These “higher-end” Kaby Lake chips are not going to be available until early 2017, maybe end of 2016 at the earliest. Yes, Apple has received some early access to Intel chips in the past, but that was long ago and it’s already been reported that they have not been rumored to get early access to Kaby Lake. September 9, 2016 at 8:18 EST PM mario.anzaldua@yahoo.com September 14, 2016 If I were running Apple… Ship a new mbp ASAP with Skylake. Include a modestly priced “upgrade” to Kaby Lake when the processor is available. That stops the revenue slide and gives those who have been waiting years for the next refresh a vastly improved machine with the new design, the latest cpu architecture and a path to Kaby Lake when it becomes available. Refresh the mbp in 2017 with Kaby Lake and a few other wants/needs (memory, screen, ssd, etc) before “back-to-school”. Refresh the mbp in 2018 with Cannon Lake and other must haves that are available September 14, 2016 at 4:06 EST PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Brydge 12.9 Aluminum Keyboard for iPad Pro Exudes Class John Martellaro | November 17, 2016 Twitter Adds More Controls to Empower Users against Trolls Bryan Chaffin | November 16, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $110.12 +0.17 (0.15%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple Launches Multi-Touch Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus Apple Opens Registration for 'Hour of Code' Workshops at Apple Stores TOMS Straps for Apple Watch Include Solar Power Donation Apple Cuts Mac Automation Manager Sal Soghoian AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Recent Tips See All » iOS 10: Deleting Previous Handwritten Messages iOS: Shake to Undo on iPhone and iPad, and How to Turn it Off iOS 10: Drawing on Your Pictures in Messages macOS Sierra: Using Markup in Photos iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route Recent Editorials See All » Apple's Tradition of Always Building the Best Doesn't Fit with Current Apple TV Considering Rumors of Apple AR Glasses with Tim Cook's Comments on Google Glass Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple 3324 Jeff Gamet analysis 6 1473188072 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
TechRadar pro IT insights for business Search RSS News Reviews Insights TechRadar Business Laptop/PC Printers Hardware Software Mobile working Security Networks Management Data centre & Cloud Reviews MacBook Pro 13-inch with Retina display (early 2015) review MacBook Pro 13-inch with Retina display (early 2015) review By Gary Marshall Laptops and netbooks  The fastest small MacBook Pro yet is a force of nature Shares 1. Introduction and design 2. Specification 3. Performance 4. Verdict Recommended Jump to Section: Best Price Comments Our Verdict The 2014 13-inch MacBook Pro was arguably Apple's best laptop, and the 2015 model is better still. If your next MacBook needs to be reliable, powerful and practical, the newest MacBook Pro is the only way to go. For Retina Display Faster processor Superb battery life Against Force Touch underdeveloped Unchanged design Base storage feels small The New MacBook has grabbed most of the headlines in recent weeks, but Apple has refreshed some of its MacBook Pros and MacBook Airs too — except for one. While the 15-inch MacBook Pro is waiting for Intel's newest Core i7 processors, the 13-inch Retina MacBook Pro has received some changes that make it a significant upgrade. An upgrade to Intel's newest Broadwell CPU, along with a pressure-sensitive Force Touch Trackpad are the most significant of the lot. Recent developments Nearly a year and a half after its initial release, the MacBook Pro 13-inch with Retina display (early 2015) is finally due for an upgrade. The MacBook Pro 2016 is rumored to be announced at Apple's September 7 event with a hard release shortly thereafter. Apple's new professional-grade laptops will come fully stocked with more powerful 6th-generation Skylake processors, USB 3.1 Gen 2 ports and potentially even TouchID. On the other hand, if you would prefer to stick with your current MacBook Pro setup, support certainly isn't slowing down. At WWDC 2016, Apple revealed macOS Sierra, the Siri-enhanced successor to OS X 10.11 El Capitan of yesteryear. The new operating system will be supported by these systems. The announcement was subsequently followed up by a beta released to the public on July 7, 2016. macOS Sierra comes decorated with a handful of improvements that rethink the way you use your MacBook Pro. The newly open-source Siri, for instance, has been ported over with a few notable differences from its mobile counterpart. Not only will you be able to ask her (or him) the usual questions such as, "What's the weather like?," but now the virtual assistant can help you locate files and manage your disk space in ways that were previously unnecessary or impractical. Other new features you'll soon be able to experience with your year-plus-old MacBook Pro include Universal Clipboard for copying/cutting/pasting across different Apple hardware, unlocking your MacBook Pro using an Apple Watch, improved photo categorization and – finally – Apple Pay. Moreover, MacBook Pro excitement from third-party accessory makers hasn't ceased either. While one company has made multitasking a breeze with a triple-monitor expansion for laptops, another startup is aiming to make your present MacBook Pro configuration more capable using an external graphics solution, a useful tool for trying out the best Mac games. In an attempt to cash-in on the back-to-school season, Apple is finding its own ways to push MacBook sales without the advent of new hardware. With the right credentials, you could save up to 15% on a brand-new MacBook as a student or educator if you buy right now. Sure, Apple will inevitably phase out the MacBook Pro 13-inch with Retina display (early 2015) at some point, but even then, its legacy will not be forgotten. That's especially the case if you're, for some reason, repulsed by the move to USB Type-C, as we're unlikely to see an alternative to the new interface style on the next MacBook Pro given Apple's recent history with the 12-inch MacBook. Luckily, you may still have a 5K standalone monitor to look forward to even without buying a new Mac. Design On the outside, it's business as usual. The 13-inch Macbook Pro hasn't had a radical redesign, and its shape, dimensions, weight and port configurations are identical to the outgoing model. That means two Thunderbolt 2 ports, a USB 3.0 port, a headphone jack and a MagSafe 2 port on the left, and a second USB 3.0 port, SDXC card slot and HDMI 1.4 port on the right. The screen resolution is 2,560 x 1,600 pixels, but you actually get the screen real-estate of a 1,280 x 800 pixel-resolution display due to the pixel-doubled effect that provides Retina-like sharpness. Apps like SwitchResX allow you to access even higher resolutions than OS X allows, stretching all the way up to 3,360 x 2,100. Text is too tiny to be legible at that setting, but opting for one in-between, such as 1,920 x 1,200, lets you fit much more of spreadsheets and other apps into the display than any of the default screen resolutions at the expensive of clarity. Still, even on the four default resolutions there's plenty of room for even the most screen-intensive pro apps, and OS X Yosemite's divisive design looks much better on Retina displays than it does on lower density screens. It's a shame that Apple hasn't shaved even a millimetre or two off the MacBook Pro with Retina's chassis. The 2013 MacBook Pro with Retina was 25% thinner than its predecessor, and it made a huge difference to that machine's portability and overall appeal. Sure, Apple has outed the new MacBook which will attract the thin-and-light laptop die-hards, but those of us requiring power, ports and all of the rest would have still appreciated a slightly slimmer model. Feel the force The only external change is something you can't see: the way the trackpad works. The MacBook Pro has a new, non-mechanical Force Touch trackpad, which provides tactile feedback and can detect various levels of force. For example, you might press to fast-forward a video and press harder to speed it up more. The new Force Touch trackpad made the new MacBook thinner, but not the MacBook Pro For now, the haptic feedback simply replicates the feeling of clicking a mechanical trackpad (something it does perfectly – you really feel like you're pressing a real button), but over time Apple is likely to find other uses for the pressure sensitive technology. You can adjust the sensitivity of the trackpad and the strength of its feedback in System Preferences, and while you're there you might want to re-enable the three-finger drag; it's switched off by default now. Interestingly, Apple hasn't put its new MacBook keyboard into the Pro models just yet, so you get the familiar chiclet keys with a scissor mechanism underneath. To our fingers they aren't as comfortable as the non-chiclet keyboards in the first Intel MacBook Pros, but maybe we're just being nostalgic. Nevertheless, if you're all about the typing, the MacBook Air is a little more comfortable. ABOUT THE AUTHOR Gary Marshall Contributor Former lion tamer, Girls Aloud backing dancer and habitual liar Gary Marshall (Twitter, Google+) has been writing about tech since 1998, contributing sage advice and odd opinions to .net, MacFormat, Tap! and Official Windows Magazine as well as co-writing stacks of how-to tech books. "My job is to cut through the crap," he says. "And there's a lot of crap." Tags MacBook Pro MacBook Air Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 The best Amazon Black Friday deals 2016 2 15 best laptops you can buy in 2016 3 PS4 vs Xbox One: which is better? 4 iOS 10 problems: Here's how to fix the most common issues 5 Best phone 2016: the 10 top smartphones we've tested 1 These 7 PC build fails will make you appreciate your rig even more 2 Apple TV now has one more reason to consider cutting your cable service 3 SNES Mini: What we want to see from a Classic Mini NES successor 4 Want an Amazon Prime membership? Here’s why you should wait until Friday 5 Pokemon Sun and Moon Review TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
null
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  General  »  News Apple turns down an actual genius for Genius Bar job Wednesday 7 September 2016  | Comment Now JK Scheinberg - the man that got Mac OS running on Intel machines - was overlooked for a job in Apple's retail store. If you've ever been to an Apple retail store, you'll have seen the blue-shirted “Geniuses” Apple hires to offer technical support and customer services. I don't put the quotation marks there pejoratively – that's actually what the company insists you refer to them as. So it's something of an irony that Apple missed out on the opportunity to hire one of its company's actual geniuses to man the Genius Bar. JK Scheinberg is famous in Apple history for managing to get Mac OS running on Intel computers. He retired from the company in 2008, but apparently sought work as a Genius in an Apple store as a hobby to keep him busy. As The New York Times reports in a piece on ageism, however, he was overlooked. “A little restless after retiring in 2008, at 54, he figured he'd be a great fit for a position at an Apple Store Genius Bar, despite being twice as old as anyone else at the group interview. “On the way out, all three of the interviewers singled me out and said, 'We'll be in touch,' ” he said. “I never heard back.” Of course, The New York Times' inference that he was the subject of age discrimination could be completely wrong. He is more than a little overqualified, and being a good engineer doesn't necessarily make you suited for dealing with less tech-savvy members of the general public on a daily basis. Wonder if Apple will finally give me callback on that genius bar interview https://t.co/9fXt5fBFTU #ageism — JK Scheinberg (@tiltdad) September 5, 2016 Nonetheless, you'd be hard pushed to think of anyone with a better knowledge of the working of Apple products outside of the company. JK's wife, Kim, explained the whole story of how Mac OS came to work on Intel chips thanks to her husband in an answer on Quora. Scheinberg had successfully got Mac OS working on a handful of Intel computers and demonstrated on three PCs at Apple's HQ: “In JK's office, Joe watches in amazement as JK boots up an Intel PC and up on the screen comes the familiar 'Welcome to Macintosh'. Joe pauses, silent for a moment, then says, "I'll be right back." He comes back a few minutes later with Bertrand Serlet.   Max (our 1-year-old) and I were in the office when this happened because I was picking JK up from work. Bertrand walks in, watches the PC boot up, and says to JK, "How long would it take you to get this running on a (Sony) Vaio?" JK replies, "Not long" and Bertrand says, "Two weeks? Three?" JK said more like two *hours*. Three hours, tops. Bertrand tells JK to go to Fry's (the famous West Coast computer chain) and buy the top of the line, most expensive Vaio they have. So off JK, Max and I go to Frys. We return to Apple less than an hour later. By 7:30 that evening, the Vaio is running the Mac OS. [My husband disputes my memory of this and says that Matt Watson bought the Vaio. Maybe Matt will chime in.] The next morning, Steve Jobs is on a plane to Japan to meet with the President of Sony.” You can read the full story at Quora, but suffice it to say Apple has missed its chance to hire a bona fide genius to join its Geniuses. Images: Alper and Wesley Fryer used under Creative Commons This article originally appeared at alphr.com Related Articles First Impressions: Is the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar worth the hype? No, Apple’s next big thing won’t be smart glasses Why Apple’s smart glasses will succeed where Google Glass failed Apple’s fancy new Mac book is $US199 Even Intel wants to kill classic 3.5mm headphone ports, and replace it with ... Source: Copyright © Alphr, Dennis Publishing See more about:  apple  |  apple retail store  |  apple store genius bar  |  genius bar  |  intel  |  intel computers  |  jk  |  jk scheinberg   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Parrot Disco review: Hands on with the coolest drone of 2016     When it comes to horror in VR, how scary is too scary?     How should we teach our kids to use digital media?     Elon Musk unveils new home battery     Review: Seagate Barracuda Pro blows us away   More in General (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Amazon’s new Grand Tour series could be the next illegal download victim << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (2 of 10 articles) NEWS MyRepublic: Market disruptor or Dodo redux? << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (3 of 10 articles) NEWS SpaceX promises internet for all, with a little help from 4,425 satellites << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (4 of 10 articles) FEATURE How to: Streamline your Cloud Storage << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (5 of 10 articles) NEWS Fujitsu: Work will change beyond recognition by 2021 << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (6 of 10 articles) NEWS Apple’s fancy new Mac book is $US199 << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Wi-Fi can imprint passwords and PINs onto radio signals << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Oxford University joins the free online education party << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Facebook and Google launch first strikes against fake news << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (10 of 10 articles) NEWS The Jaguar I-Pace concept is an electric Tesla Model X killer << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in General News Amazon’s new Grand Tour series could be the next illegal download victim Review Star Wars BB8. Your little round BFF Feature How to: Streamline your Cloud Storage Gallery Gallery: Upgrade Australia 4.0! From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories How to use Microsoft OneNote to organise your minutes, memos and more 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Fitbit Charge 2 verdict: the best-value fitness band Ingram Micro toasts 2016 partners Which VMware partners did we see at vForum Sydney? Telstra launches smart home-as-a-service SMS admits restructure led to sales pipeline collapse Inside Best Technology's 240-store upgrade for Woolworths POS Capgemini exposes millions of recruitment firm clients Big W shutters online shopping after data leak Banks rubbish Apple's security claims over NFC access How Westpac and the ASX are using the 'overhyped' blockchain 'Significant breakdowns' mar NSW shared services outsourcing Review: Motorsport Manager takes you to the races 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege PSA: You can play Red Dead Redemption on PC… kinda 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 10 essential tips to get you started in Civilization VI About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2016 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Freitag, 18. November | 19:01 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: ROHSTOFF INTERNATIONAL 0:00 | 07.09.2016 XPED Ltd (ASX:XPE) Secures Former Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) IoT Smart Homes Boss as Managing Director Xped Limited (ASX:XPE) (“Xped” or “the Company”) is pleased to announce that it has secured Mr Martin Despain as Managing Director of the company, effective from 19 September 2016, post vacating his tenure at Intel (NASDAQ:INTC). Martin was recently General Manager, Smart Homes Division, Internet of Things Group at Intel Corporation head office developing and implementing Intel’s IoT strategy and product offering for the home. Intel’s charter was to transition the industry from the connected home, into the smart home era, by delivering a foundation infrastructure focused on Security, Compute, Connectivity, and Contextual awareness. Based in Santa Clara, Martin oversaw the Smart Home business with responsibility for Engineering, Product Marketing, Operations, Business Development, and Go-to-Market. Martin’s area of expertise includes product management, semiconductors and SoC’s, embedded systems, start-ups, international sales and marketing, strategic partnerships and planning and visionary for the organisation. Prior to his most recent position with Intel, Marty has held various Director Roles within Intel Corporation over the last 11 years, including establishing the product management team and leading the Content and Strategy organization within Intel Media; Martin has also lead several different teams within Intel’s Digital Home Group that developed product offerings for telco/cable and consumer electronics companies such as Sony, Visio and Samsung as well as partnerships with Yahoo, Google, and Microsoft. Martin holds a BA from University of Nevada and a MBA from the Georgia Institute of Technology. Martin Despain brings to the board high level experience in leading and growing startups in the technology sector and with his experience and connections in the industry will be able to provide an opportunity for Xped to grow and realise potential and value for shareholders. The Company has entered into consultancy agreement with Martin Despain under which he has agreed to provide certain consultancy services to the Company and Martin Despain has agreed to be appointed as an executive director of the Company The initial term of the Consultancy Agreement is a period of 2 years which commences effective 19 September 2016. Either party may extend the term for a further 2 years on notice at least 30 days prior to the end of the initial term. A fee of USD$360,000 per annum is payable on account of the provision of the Services including Board fees, plus a USD$80,000 signing bonus (repayable if the consultant terminates for any reason prior to the end of the initial 2 year term) and payment of medical insurance of up to USD$27,000 per annum. The Company has agreed to issue performance shares which will convert into fully paid ordinary shares upon reaching a number of milestones and also to pay cash bonuses upon reaching a number of milestones. Full details are provided in the Schedule 1 attached. Commenting on his appointment Martin Despain said: “Xped has many value added aspects to its technology that can be adopted across multiple industries. There is significant opportunity for Xped in Smart Homes, Smart Building, Healthcare and Aged Care sectors. I am delighted to be joining Xped, and see an enormous potential for Xped to experience significant market success.” To view the full release, please visit: http://abnnewswire.net/lnk/8KO026UH About XPED Ltd: XPED Ltd (ASX:XPE) has developed revolutionary and patent protected technology that allows any consumer, regardless of their technical capability, to connect, monitor and control devices and appliances found in our everyday environment. It’s as simple as two people shaking hands. By enabling the Internet of Things, Xped’s ADRC platform will bring benefit to Manufacturers, Retailers, Service Providers and Consumers. At Xped, we’re Making Technology Human Again. Contact: For Xped Inquiries: Company Secretary T: +61-3-9642-0655 E: info@xped.com www.xped.com Source: XPED Ltd Copyright (C) 2016 ABN Newswire. All rights reserved. Empfehlen Drucken Bookmarken   NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 18:28 Uhr | 18.11.2016 EZB-Chefvolkswirt: Werden ... 18:21 Uhr | 18.11.2016 AKTIE IM FOKUS 2: Stellenabbau ... 18:13 Uhr | 18.11.2016 Aktien Europa Schluss: Verluste - ... 18:11 Uhr | 18.11.2016 Mexikos Notenbank: 'Trump ist kein ... 18:10 Uhr | 18.11.2016 ROUNDUP/Aktien Frankfurt Schluss: ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min   Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2016 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual CrunchiesCelebrate Startups At TechCrunch's Awards Show This February Grab Your Tickets Today Automotive BMW and Baidu’s self-driving car partnership has reportedly run out of gas Lyft wants more explicit protection of consumer data from NHTSA on self-driving Tesla Model S P100D to get a 2.4-second 0-60 mph time via an Easter egg Browse more... Jaguar Land Rover Land Rover’s lead engineer explains autonomous off-road driving Jaguar partners with Tile to make sure drivers never leave without their wallets Jaguar Land Rover launches InMotion, a startup studio to build mobility apps and services Browse more... OEMs and startups: The incubator at Jaguar Land Rover HQ Posted Sep 6, 2016 by Kristen Hall-Geisler (@kristenhg) 0 SHARES Next Story Lost in translation: Streaming in China The first question you might have when learning that Jaguar Land Rover has its technology headquarters in Portland, OR, is, “Why?” There’s an easy answer for that question, said Rupert Poole, Senior Collaborations Manager of Future Technology at the facility in Portland. JLR, as it’s known, already had a relationship with Intel, and Intel is located in a Portland suburb. There’s also a thriving startup culture in Portland, and it’s not hard to travel up and down the West Coast to other tech hubs. The first JLR facility in Portland, the Open Software Technology Center, opened in July 2014. The nearby JLR Tech Incubator opened six months later and a third building next door to the incubator, the collaborative lab, is undergoing renovations to create space for test chambers and vehicle bays. I got to tour all three — including the very much not-yet-completed lab. While about a hundred JLR engineers are working on infotainment and connectivity tech to be tested in simulators and eventually introduced into Jaguar and Land Rover vehicles, a handful of startups are down the street developing new technology that may or may not end up being used by the British automaker. All engineers, whether they’re JLR employees or startups, have access to collaborative brainstorming spaces — with walls you can write on and buckets of LEGOs. The incubator hosts 12 startups each year for six-month periods. “We found that three months is too short,” says Danielle Alexander, the manager of the incubator. The teams get access to space, funding, tools and equipment — including Jaguars and Land Rovers — partnerships, mentors and engineering and technology expertise from the JLR staff. Like other OEMs that want to work with startups, the JLR Incubator is looking for small teams that have more agility and speed than a century-old automotive manufacturer. It’s also looking for technologies that dovetail with automotive needs rather than overlap, such as augmented reality, connected car, human-machine interface (HMI) and data visualization technologies. When I visited the facility, I met with the half-dozen startups currently in residence. One, Carfit, is developing a technology directly applicable to the auto industry. Its small, puck-shaped devices attach to the steering wheel and monitor all of its shakes, wobbles and corrections. In the same way that (some) drivers can tell the car is out of alignment or the shocks need replacing, Carfit analyzes the information from the steering wheel and sends the diagnosis to an app. But not every startup in the incubator has such a direct relationship to the automotive industry. Take Neptune, which is developing a streaming, curated video service for kid-friendly, interactive, educational content. In a connected car, kids could pick and choose and stream at will without the parent in the driver’s seat needing to monitor their every choice. Or SicDrone, a drone that can pivot its rotors for maneuverability or remain stable while flying in wind. This could come in handy when scouting for emergency response or to looking ahead at an uncharted off-road course — something Land Rover drivers have been known to take. “Infotainment and connectivity are the only parts of a car where consumer expectations are set against other technologies,” Poole said. “All other expectations are set versus automotive technology.” By bringing the cutting edge of connectivity into the incubator, where startups work with the local engineers and have access to 10,000 JLR engineers worldwide, a decades-old company gets access to the latest innovations. Featured Image: Kristen Hall-Geisler 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Land Rover USA Founded 1948 Overview Land Rover USA manufactures luxury SUVs and off-road vehicles. Its portfolio of four-wheel-drive vehicle models includes Defender, Discovery, Freelander, Range Rover, Range Rover Sport, and Range Rover Evoque. Land Rover USA is based in Mahwah, New Jersey. It is the American branch of Land Rover, a British automobile company founded in 1948. Location Mahwah, NJ Categories Automotive Website http://www.landroverusa.com/index.html Full profile for Land Rover USA Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Tesla Acquisition of SolarCity Approved | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Popular Posts Featured Stories Japanese unicorn Mercari is gunning for eBay’s crown 47 minutes ago | Haje Jan Kamps Google reverses its ‘digital death sentence’ for Pixel phone resellers 2 hours ago | Sarah Perez Confirmed: DraftKings and FanDuel are merging into one company 3 hours ago | Fitz Tepper Amazon Prime Video is finally going global to give Netflix some serious competition 12 hours ago | Jon Russell Latest From TechCrunch Pokémon Sun and Moon break 3DS records with 10M units shipped globally 21 minutes ago | Darrell Etherington Listen makes phone numbers smarter with auto-responders, muting, reminders and more 31 minutes ago | Sarah Perez Seen enough? Here’s how to get the SEC’s attention 32 minutes ago | Connie Loizos Japanese unicorn Mercari is gunning for eBay’s crown 47 minutes ago | Haje Jan Kamps Comment moderation powered by Up Next Lost in translation: Streaming in China Posted Sep 6, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Director, Software Security @ Practice Fusion at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Developer at CastleBranch (Wilmington, NC, United States) Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Google reverses its ‘digital death sentence’ for Pixel phone resellers 2 hours ago by Sarah Perez Here’s the 19th batch of 500 Startups companies 1 hour ago by Matthew Lynley Confirmed: DraftKings and FanDuel are merging into one company 3 hours ago by Fitz Tepper Airbnb is turning itself into an ‘experience’ machine beyond just booking places to stay 23 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Niantic’s new invite-only “Portal Recon” tool lets players vote real-world locations into Ingress yesterday by Greg Kumparak Microsoft joins the Linux Foundation Nov 16, 2016 by Frederic Lardinois Shareholders approve Tesla acquisition of SolarCity 20 hours ago by Darrell Etherington Report: Apple asked manufacturing partners to explore making iPhones in the U.S. 8 hours ago by Jon Russell 500 Startups ditches the ‘accelerator’ brand as it looks to differentiate 1 hour ago by Matthew Lynley Amazon Prime Video is finally going global to give Netflix some serious competition 12 hours ago by Jon Russell
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Shark Bites: There's Still Momentum, but Everybody Wants Weakness DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Intel to Acquire Movidius in Bid to Boost Artificial Intelligence Portfolio Shares of Intel were higher Tuesday on word that it will acquire semiconductor startup Movidius. Anders Keitz Sep 6, 2016 5:14 PM EDT Shares of Intel (INTC) were higher Tuesday on word that it will acquire Movidius, a semiconductor startup. The terms of the agreement were not disclosed. The Wall Street Journal reports that the deal would boost Intel's artificial intelligence portfolio, as its looks to become a big player in that area. Movidius' customers include Alphabet and Lenovo Group, which use its technology in drones, security cameras, virtual reality headsets and other devices. Employees of TheStreet are restricted from trading individual securities. If you liked this article you might like Nvidia's Deals with IBM, Microsoft and Google Strengthen Its Artificial Intelligence Lead Though competition abounds, Nvida's GPU investments and software ecosystem are big advantages in a booming market for powering AI tasks. Eric Jhonsa Nov 16, 2016 5:35 PM EST Cisco Investors Watch Earnings for Look Into the IT Market, Trump's Tech Effect CEO Chuck Robbins could provide investors with guidance on how the company would deploy a whopping $60 billion in overseas cash. Chris Nolter Nov 16, 2016 10:54 AM EST Apple Job Ads Hint at a Risk to Intel, Says Exane BNP A flood of Apple wanted ads for CPU and GPU designers suggests the company may be assembling a team to design in-house chips for its MacBooks. Paul Whitfield Nov 16, 2016 9:52 AM EST Jim Cramer's Top Takeaways: Talend, Nvidia Talend focuses on digital data trends; Nvidia is the new Intel, Jim Cramer says. Scott Rutt Nov 16, 2016 6:00 AM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Log In|Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Free E-mail Newsletters World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society The Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving America's Top 50 charities in 2015 ranked by total income Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Book Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing Technology Why Intel bought 'eyes' for its drones Latest News Save for later Saved Subscribe The New Economy Despite Trump, Ford and other automakers have already moved to Mexico Why South Korea refuses to share mapping data with Google In one more bleached Pacific reef, some corals are 'back from the brink' Iraqi children return to school, eager to shed ISIS ‘language of violence’ Will these new eyes in the skies change how people perceive drone technology? By Joseph Dussault, Staff September 6, 2016 Save for later Saved A DJI Phantom 4 drone equipped with Movidius' vision-aided flight system. On Monday, Intel announced that it will purchase Movidius in a move to bring computer vision to its products. Movidius View Caption About video ads View Caption of Talk about having eyes in the sky. On Monday, Intel announced that it will purchase Movidius, an Irish company that develops computer vision processors. With newly acquired chips and deep learning algorithms, Intel will be able to imbue its RealSense cameras with independent, low-power image processing. In simpler terms, the company could build drones and other devices that can “see” on their own – no human required. Could such an omniscient gadget change the already-fluid public perception of drone technology? Recommended: The 20 most fascinating accidental inventions At the most basic level, the biological eye is used to gather information and make decisions. Using camera “eyes,” computers can also extract complex understanding from visual data. Such cogent devices are able to restore images, to avoid obstacles, and to track moving objects. Computer vision refers to the digital pathways which make these tasks possible. The 20 most fascinating accidental inventions Infographic The future of drones in the US Photos of the Day Photos of the Day 11/18 For the past decade, Movidius has supplied computer vision processors to a slew of different tech manufacturers. In January, the company began collaborating with Google to produce deep learning mobile devices. Two months later, it developed a visual guidance system that supported near-autonomous flight for DJI’s Phantom 4 drone, which can track a moving object on its own.  New regulations from the Federal Aviation Administration promised to change the way businesses approached drone technology. Now, just one week after those regulations went into effect, Intel has snapped up Movidius for a presently undisclosed price – a move which may reflect a larger shift in thought about drone technology. Some are optimistic about the future of drones: uncrewed flying devices could soon be used to deliver packages, to provide internet to remote areas, and even to save the whales. Drones have also proven a popular toy for aerial hobbyists and techy kids. Others decry the technology’s more destructive capacity, citing its applications in warfare and covert cyberattacks. “For people in my industry these things are just showing up and nobody quite knows how to deal with them,” Jeff Melrose, a cybersecurity strategist for Yokogawa US, told The Christian Science Monitor in August. With so many possibilities in this still-new world of drones, the public is split between excitement and dismay. Consumers may wonder: Is Intel trying to build Big Brother's newest tool, or simply upgrade a backyard toy? With so few available details, it’s hard to say. But some say the sale represents a shift into the “Internet of Things.” Just as the internet brings people and information together, the so-called IoT connects physical things. IoT devices are the infrastructure of digital connectivity – smart thermometers linked to smart homes which are themselves linked to smart watches. “Intel’s purchase reflects a growing recognition that drones are really IoT devices, armed with sensors and communication technologies,” Gregory McNeal, White House-recognized drone expert and law professor at Pepperdine University in California, tells the Monitor in an email. “The true power of these IoT devices won’t be fully revealed until they become connected to cloud based infrastructure that can enhance their performance and safety.” Either way, it’s pretty clear that drones are an important new venture for Intel – Brian Krzanich, the company’s chief executive officer, serves as chairman of the RTCA Drone Advisory Committee which will advise the FAA in developing drone regulations. Next up The 20 most fascinating accidental inventions Pentagon is worrying about 'Terminator' coming true. Seriously. How off-the-shelf drones are changing war in Syria and Lebanon Print/Reprints About these ads Sponsored Content by LockerDome About these ads Monitor's Best: Top 5 The Trump voters you don't know An end to Trump’s politics of anger? Passcode Worried about surveillance under Trump? Here's what to do Focus For native Americans, pipeline sparks climate awakening In wake of Trump win, European women ask: 'OK, what are we going to do?' (+video) Popular Now First Look Chelsea Clinton: Why she might run for Congress First Look Stephen Hawking says we have have 1,000 years to find a new home (+video) Iowa bill named 'Suck it up, Buttercup' seeks to stop student coddling The Trump voters you don't know Major League Baseball: You’re the umpire. How well do you know the rules?   40 iPhone tips and tricks everyone should know   SUBSCRIBE About these ads Make a Difference Inspired? Here are some ways to make a difference on this issue. TAKE ACTION FREE Newsletters Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Daily The Weekender BizTech Change Agent Science Books Politics Food Commentary C.S.Perspective   About these ads We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Loading... Loading... Loading... Global Galleries Photos of the Day 11/18 Latest News Despite Trump, Ford and other automakers have already moved to Mexico Doing Good Difference Maker This man will serve 2,000 free meals for Thanksgiving Movies 'Manchester by the Sea' is true to intricacies of family strife Movies 'Nocturnal Animals' has a sadistic edge that is punitive Movies 'Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them' has too much of a good thing Science Scientists paint a more nuanced picture of the gorilla genome Science Did Exxon Mobil mislead the public about global warming? Science Did 'hobbit' people go extinct earlier than we thought? Science Desert mangroves: stars of carbon sequestration Science Siberian 'unicorn' lived for much longer than we thought Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. Save for later Save Cancel Saved ( of items) This item has been saved to read later from any device. Access saved items through your user name at the top of the page. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You reached the limit of 20 saved items. Please visit following link to manage you saved items. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You have already saved this item. View Saved Items OK
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,277 Reviews & Articles | 52,950 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News Business, Financial & Legal John McAfee sues Intel over the right to use his name Intel is being sued by John McAfee, who doesn't want the company using his name By: Anthony Garreffa | Business, Financial & Legal News | Posted: Sep 6, 2016 6:32 pm Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA John McAfee is in the headlines again, this time, the founder of McAfee is suing chipmaker Intel, claiming that they don't have the right to use his name, throwing trademark issues into the mix.     McAfee recently joined MGT Capital Investments, an online gaming company, as its CEO and chairman, and had planned to rename the company to John McAfee Global Technologies Inc., but Intel owns McAfee's "trademarks, tradenames, and associated goodwill" and warned that McAfee would be infringing on those properties.   MGT and McAfee argued in a complaint to the New York District Court that "at no point in the Agreement did McAfee assign the rights to his personal name [...] or agree to restrict his right to do business using his own name", and that the agreement with Intel "did not contain any non-compete provisions of any kind".   Back in January 2014, the plaintiffs argue that Intel dropped the McAfee brand and started marketing the antivirus software as "Intel Security", but Bloomberg reports that Intel is now attempting to sell the company, but will use the McAfee mark in order to bolster the value of the deal.   Intel counsel Kerry Smith warned that "any use of the McAfee name would be likely to dilute the McAfee mark [...] by reducing its unique association with McAfee and Intel Corporation".   MGT and McAfee have asked for a trial by jury in order to win the rights to hit name. NEWS SOURCES:Engadget.com Recommended for You Amazon 2016 Black Friday sales include some HUGE deals... Apple's new $300 design book doesn't include 3.5mm... Samsung recalls 2.8 million exploding washing machines... Android phones hold 88% of the market >> NEXT STORY: PS4 Slim teardown video appears ahead of its unveiling << PREVIOUS STORY: Galaxy Note 7 recall could cost Samsung up to $1 billion Related Tags Intel McAfee Intel McAfee John McAfee John McAfee suing Intel Bloomberg Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Red Dead Redemption 2 has 'incredible emotional depth' Nintendo Europe Tweet special 3DS Badge Academy app deal Oculus Rift headsets will now work on lower-end PCs Nintendo Switch to get full HD Pokemon Sun and Moon port System Shock remake has been delayed until 2018View More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity gigabyte z170x gaming 7 rev 1.0 ram F4-3000C15D-16GTZproblem with bios f20d ASUS R510V laptop freezes and ventilator sounds D-Link DCS-2530L Wide Angle 1080p Wi-Fi IP Camera Review BIOS downgrade on Gigabyte card GA-Z170X-GAMING 3 EU Z87 extreme9/ac Bios requestView More Forum Posts Press Releases Asius technologies crowdfunds to produce its revolutionary ADEL Drum Bionic earbuds University of Toronto selects CoolIT Systems to liquid cool signal processor for CHIME Project MSI VR One backpack PC and GS63VR Stealth Pro gaming notebook recognized as 2017 CES innovation honoree G.SKILL releases new RIPJAWS KM570 RGB mechanical gaming keyboard Next Generation Esports (NGE) launches BattleRekt tournamentView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2016 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
null
Menu CLOSE News Videos Whitepapers eBooks Advertise Contact Us HOT TOPICS Nokia     Nokia Real-Time Mobile Network Analytics Improves End-to-End Mobile Service Delivery Customer Criteria for Choosing a Mobile Operator Vodafone says 76 percent of Companies Believe IoT is Critical to Future Success Stay Safe, San Diego: Nokia Bolsters Public Safety Systems The Array of Things (AoT) Project Selects AT&T for its Network Connectivity FEATURE NEWS Intel Makes a New Lateral Move with Movidius Buy By Steve Anderson September 06, 2016 We all know that most of the major chipmakers and computing companies out there have been working on spreading their influence in a “post-PC” age. Though it's not really as “post” as the name suggests—there are still plenty of places for PCs—it's clear that there are other options out there, and businesses are working to capitalize on these changes. Intel is no different, and recently made a move into a growing sector of the market by buying Movidius. Movidius was well known in the field as a source of processors targeting drones, virtual reality systems, and similar devices. It's previously been seen working with Lenovo and Google, among others, in providing the chips that form the base of several entrants in growing fields. Most recently, Movidius brought out the Myriad 2, a chip that's small enough to fit on a common fingernail, reports note, but is capable of distinguishing between several different video streams simultaneously. Details of the deal weren't announced, but it's expected to close by the end of the year. For its part, Intel is said to be interested in combining the Movidius product line with Intel's depth-sensing systems, making the resultant product even better for the addition. With depth-sensing, augmented tracking and mapping systems become possible, and an additional capability to recognize objects and landscapes therein makes for even better potential, as noted by the senior vice president of Intel's new technology group, Josh Walden. Walden also suggested that the new combined efforts will go into not only virtual reality and drones, but also into robotics, augmented reality systems, digital security cameras and more. This isn't the first company Intel's bought recently, but rather, only the latest. Just recently, Intel picked up Nervana Systems for over $400 million, landing a machine-learning company and its efforts in the process. Intel's moves here are worth exploring, especially as its PC processor business is increasingly not what it used to be. With so many potential devices requiring processors, though, some basic lateral moves may be all Intel really needs to survive long-term. Adding machine-learning capabilities are great measures for drone systems—such systems allow a drone to not run into things or focus on collecting some things—and for security cameras as well. This could be the start of any of a host of technologies from drone aircraft that pick apples to security cameras trained to look for certain faces, and Intel could be at the heart of it all. This move may be just one in a string for Intel, but it's a string that could lead to big new technologies and a whole new market presence for the company. Naturally, it'll be awhile before we see how this all boils down, but knowing what we know now, look for Intel to bring out some exciting new propositions over the next couple of years.  Edited by Alicia Young Author Info Steve Anderson Contributing Writer Click here to read full bio SHARE THIS ARTICLE Tweet Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Related Articles Virtual vs. Real: Both Count When Selling By: Doug Mohney    11/16/2016 People have been predicting the end of "real" interaction to buy things for decades. Virtual trade shows were supposed to kill real ones, e-commerce s… Read More The Amazing Jaguar I-Pace: Using VR to Sell a 2018 Electric Wonder By: Rob Enderle    11/15/2016 The world of 2020 will look massively different on the road and in the dealership than it does today thanks to virtual reality (VR). Read More The Bio-T: The Biometric Internet of Things By: Special Guest    11/11/2016 Expansion of the Internet of Things (IoT) is surging. A recent Gartner report predicts IoT spending to increase to $2.5 million a minute, with 1 milli… Read More Post-Mirai: Managing the Attack Surface of a Smart City By: Special Guest    11/11/2016 Smart cities offer several benefits, including real time traffic information and coordinated energy control. However, the technology is still in the e… Read More Trump Elected and Tim Cook Assures Apple Employees By: Maurice Nagle    11/10/2016 The nation can move forward together or continue on its torrid path of division. Don't be fooled, I'm not pro-Trump, I'm pro-America. And, lest we for… Read More View All News WHAT'S HOT The Blackberry DTEK60: Almost Perfect Secure Phone The Amazing Jaguar I-Pace: Using VR to Sell a 2018 Electric Wonder The Bio-T: The Biometric Internet of Things Virtual vs. Real: Both Count When Selling FEATURED VIDEOS ConnectLeader WATCH NOW ConnectLeader WATCH NOW XKL at TEX 2016 WATCH NOW Richard McFarland of Voice4Net at Real Time Web Solutions 2016 WATCH NOW Bent Rye of Temasys at Real Time Web Solutions 2016 WATCH NOW FEATURED EVENTS Featured Editors Doug Mohney Latest Article: Virtual vs. Real: Both Count When Selling Rob Enderle Latest Article: The Amazing Jaguar I-Pace: Using VR to Sell a 2018 Electric Wonder Peter Bernstein Latest Article: Municipal Broadband Future Problematic, FCC State Preemption Order Nixed by U.S. Appeals Court Subscribe Newsletter Sing up to receive our updates and other Techzone360 news! FEATURED WHITEPAPERS Advanced Process Automation: Setting New Standards of Service in Front & Back Office Operations DOWNLOAD NOW Four Futurists Give Insight into What It Means to be a Social Business DOWNLOAD NOW Empower Innovation with the Right Unified Collaboration Solution DOWNLOAD NOW The Business Benefits of Managed IT Services DOWNLOAD NOW The Business Benefits of Hosted UC DOWNLOAD NOW LATEST COMMENTS Updates Your Way... likes facebook tweets twitter eNews SUBSCRIBE shares RSS TECHZONE360 800 Connecticut Ave, 1st Floor East, Norwalk CT 06854 USA 800-243-6002, 203-852-6800; 203-866-3326 Quick Links VIDEOS EBOOKS ADVERTISE CONTACT US LATEST ARTICLES Virtual vs. Real: Both Count When Selling The Amazing Jaguar I-Pace: Using VR to Sell a 2018 Electric Wonder The Bio-T: The Biometric Internet of Things Post-Mirai: Managing the Attack Surface of a Smart City Trump Elected and Tim Cook Assures Apple Employees Powered by TMC © 2016 All Rights Reserved
Latest News Dow 18,870 -33.39 -0.18% Nasdaq 5,326 -8.07 -0.15% S&P 500 2,183 -4.48 -0.20% 12:59 P.M. ET Yellen can’t sate Trump appetite for smaller Fed role in economy, Goldman Sachs says 12:49 P.M. ET Updated Salesforce sets finish line in race to $10 billion 12:48 P.M. ET Updated Trump’s plans for trade and foreign policy could end up hurting the U.S. 12:48 P.M. ET Updated Health savings accounts are a crown jewel of ‘Trump care’ 12:47 P.M. ET Updated Next for Tesla and SolarCity: The lawsuits 12:47 P.M. ET Updated Stock market retreats as dollar continues bullish streak 12:47 P.M. ET Updated What President-elect Trump means for every U.S. industry 12:41 P.M. ET Updated FTSE 100 closes lower, with mining shares hurt by dollar’s strength 12:41 P.M. ET How to save money on holiday cards this year: Go digital 12:41 P.M. ET Nothing in health care is a sure thing under President-elect Trump 12:38 P.M. ET Dec. WTI oil gains 11 cents, or 0.2%, to $45.53/bbl 12:38 P.M. ET WTI oil turns higher as volatile trading on Nymex continues 12:31 P.M. ET Updated Will Santa Claus save the stock market’s ‘Trump rally’? 12:21 P.M. ET Updated Travelling This Thanksgiving? Here's How to Cope 12:18 P.M. ET Ross Stores’ ‘treasure hunt experience’ is its best weapon against Amazon 12:18 P.M. ET Trump’s economic ‘landing team’ members to be announced Monday 12:16 P.M. ET The Future of Mobility on Display at LA Auto Show 12:14 P.M. ET Updated Bank, commodity shares pull European stocks into loss column 12:14 P.M. ET Trump University allegations may be settled for around $20 million, WSJ reports 12:07 P.M. ET Updated This is how savings experts do their holiday shopping Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Intel, Microsoft and EOS Discuss Technology Trends at Converge 2016 By Published: Sept 6, 2016 1:29 p.m. ET Share Software, Hardware and 3D Printing Leaders Highlight Technologies Transforming the Future of Design TROY, Mich., Sept. 6, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Converge 2016 global technology sponsors EOS, Intel and Microsoft to speak  on current and future technology trends. Joining an invigorating community of creative innovators and thought leaders, their presentations will feature technological contributions to the design community that are changing how we will design the products of tomorrow.  solidThinking Converge 2016: a global conference series for product visionaries and experience creators that explores the intersection of design and technology, kicks off in Los Angeles this week on September 8, 2016, completing in Seoul this November. "EOS is proud to support this new Converge conference program as a sponsor worldwide. The EOS Additive Manufacturing offerings are a perfect fit for this event that focuses equally on design and technology. Our technology enables a design-driven manufacturing process and as such opens up completely new design possibilities from rapid prototyping through to real part production. As the global technology and quality leader for high-end Additive Manufacturing solutions, EOS is happy to share our knowledge at Converge," said Dr. Adrian Keppler, Chief Marketing Officer at EOS. Brett Tanzer, Microsoft Partner Group Program Manager, will discuss how digital product development is undergoing transformational change resulting from the availability of massive compute capabilities in the Cloud.  A 23 year veteran at Microsoft and leading the Business Strategy, Planning, and Program Management for High Performance and Accelerated Cloud computing, Brett's talk will highlight how new GPU and high intensive graphics capabilities will enhance the design experience. David Lombard, Intel's Chief Architect for advanced HPC technology, will address the topic of high performance computing enabled design at the upcoming Converge Los Angeles event.  With more than 30 years of experience in HPC, David will shine a light on the past, present and future of what HPC delivers to the design community as the enabler and path forward to tomorrow's innovations. Register and check out speaker and event details at: Converge2016.com. About solidThinkingsolidThinking creates, develops, and markets technology that helps organizations make informed decisions and bring the most desirable products to market faster. solidThinking software is sold and supported by a global network of distribution partners and is also available as part of the Altair HyperWorks® suite. solidThinking is a wholly owned subsidiary of Troy, Mich., (USA)-based Altair. To learn more, please visit solidThinking.com. About AltairFounded in 1985, Altair is focused on the development and application of simulation technology to synthesize and optimize designs, processes and decisions for improved business performance. Privately held with more than 2,600 employees, Altair is headquartered in Troy, Michigan, USA with more than 45 offices throughout 20 countries, and serves more than 5,000 corporate clients across broad industry segments.  To learn more, please visit www.altair.com. Media Contacts: Altair Corporate/Americas Biba A. Bedi +1-757-224-0548 x 406 biba@altair.com Altair Europe, the Middle East and Africa Evelyn Gebhardt +49-6421-9684351 gebhardt@bluegecko-marketing.de To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/intel-microsoft-and-eos-discuss-technology-trends-at-converge-2016-300323019.html SOURCE Altair Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Guide Buyer anonymity, while desired, can be hard to come by View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Intel Gets Low-Power Vision Technology From Movidius Acquisition By Hubert Nguyen on 09/06/2016 10:14 PST Intel is acquiring Movidius, a chip-maker known for the Myriad series of SoC specialized in vision and deep learning inference workload at low power. Intel’s main stated reason for buying Movidius is to strengthen its Intel Realsense technology which relies on enhanced webcams (color+depth) to let computers know what their surrounding is like. For Movidius, the acquisition comes relatively quickly since the company has been in existence only a few years, with its first chip the Myriad 1 being released on February 21, 2014, as part of the Google Tango launch. At that time, Remi Remi El-Ouazzane, the CEO of Movidius, had already told me that the end game was “to give human-like vision to your handset.” The Myriad 2 SoC was announced in July 2014 to bring even higher performance per Watt and accelerate the most common use cases by hardwiring some operations, while Myriad-1 only used programmable units. The additional hardware increases speed and reduces power usage by streamlining computations with dedicated computation units. Movidius says that Myriad 2 has an aggregate computation power of 2 Teraflops. On April 2016, Movidius capitalizes on the rise of Deep Learning AI and computer vision by adding neural-net inference to the list of what its chip can do very well, and announces the Movidius Phantom, a USB computer based on the Myriad 2 chip. With it, “dumb” drones could become “smart” with the ability to recognize objects they see – all of this under a 1 Watt power budget. Movidius chips’ advantages over Intel’s CPUs and NVIDIA/AMD GPUs is their low-power nature. On one hand, it is parallelized enough that a standard CPU cannot reach its power efficiency. On the other hand, it is much better than GPUs at branch execution, so GPUs have a hard time competing within the same power budget. This built-in advantage designed into Myriad from the get go pays off today with Intel recognizing that it is better off buying Movidius to gain expertise and save time. The deep learning and computer vision train has left the station and Intel wants to be ahead in the race amid extremely stiff competition. This may prove to be a critical acquisition. Filed in Computers. Read more about Intel, processors and SoC. Related Articles 2016-11-16 Intel Will Invest $250 Million To Develop Self-Driving Cars 2016-11-01 Possible Reason Why The MacBook Pros Are Capped At 16GB RAM 2016-10-24 Intel Capital Announces $38 million Investments in 12 Startups 2016-10-20 iPhone 7 With Qualcomm Modems Have Seemingly Better Reception 2016-10-18 1Gbps Downloads In Next Snapdragon 800 Series Processors 2016-10-13 Intel Unveils Its Own Falcon 8+ Commercial Drone 2016-08-18 Intel Could Be Making Apple’s A-Series Chipsets In The Future 2016-05-01 Intel Cancels Atom Processor, Could Exit Mobile Industry [Update] 2016-04-28 Movidius Fathom: A USB Stick A.I Supercomputer Thief Steals Galaxy Note 7, It Ends Up Exploding Snapchat Introduces New AR ‘World Lenses’ Feature The Sega Genesis Will Be Going Back Into Production AT&T DirecTV Now Streaming Service Might Offer Free Apple TVs New HTC Bolt Rendering Leaked In Black Uncourage Keychain Helps Prevent Losing The iPhone 7’s 3.5mm Adapter User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
HOME LATEST NEWS NEWSLETTERS SEARCH   LATEST NEWS FOR FRIDAY NOVEMBER 18 Intel Launches Nervana Artificial Intelligence Platform Tech giant Intel has announced a new strategy focused on artificial intelligence and based on a new portfolio of technologies centered on its recent acquisition of AI company Nervana Systems. Samsung Not Giving Up: Developing S8, New Note The affair of the flammable Note 7 caused enormous damage to Samsung, and many thought the series was gone forever. A new report, however, states that Samsung may have different plans. Firefox Focus: New App Offers Very Private Browsing Google Disappointed by South Korean Refusal on Mapping Data Amazon Is Giving Out Discounts if You Order Through Alexa Qualcomm Quick Charge To Give Phones 5-hour Charge in 5 Minutes CLOSE   NEWS TOPICS TECH TRENDS NETWORK SECURITY CLOUD COMPUTING HARDWARE APPLICATIONS MICROSOFT/WINDOWS COMMUNICATIONS CONTRIBUTED CONTENT APPLE/MAC MOBILE TECH WORLD WIDE WEB BIG DATA CHIPS & PROCESSORS GOVERNMENT CRM SYSTEMS PERSONAL TECH TRENDING TOPICS APPLE SECURITY CYBERCRIME MICROSOFT GOOGLE DATA CENTERS ANDROID TELECOM MALWARE FREE NEWSLETTERS (NEW) News & Product Reviews for Tech Leaders TOP TECH NEWSCIO TODAYDATA STORAGE TODAYMOBILE TECH TODAY HOMETECH TRENDSNETWORK SECURITYCLOUD COMPUTINGHARDWAREAPPLICATIONSMICROSOFT/WINDOWSMORE MORE ON THIS SITE: COMMUNICATIONS CONTRIBUTED CONTENT APPLE/MAC MOBILE TECH WORLD WIDE WEB BIG DATA CHIPS & PROCESSORS GOVERNMENT CRM SYSTEMS PERSONAL TECH TRENDING TOPICS: Apple  ・  Security  ・  Cybercrime  ・  Microsoft  ・  Google  ・  Data Centers  ・  Android  ・  Telecom  ・  Malware HARDWARE Intel Acquires Movidius To Accelerate 'Computer Vision' Development Posted September 6, 2016 EARLIER Google Ditches Project Ara Modular Phone Ambitions THIS STORY Intel Acquires Movidius To Accelerate 'Computer Vision' Development LATER GE Ups Its Digital Game, Snaring Two 3-D Printing Companies YOU ARE HERE:   HOME HARDWARE THIS STORY Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. NEWS OPS By Shirley Siluk. Updated September 6, 2016 9:26AM SHARE ALSO SEE Intel Chip Processor Deep Learning Machine Learning Artificial Intelligence Virtual Reality Acquisition Technology News Less than a month after acquiring a startup developing a new computer chip for deep learning, Intel is adding another artificial intelligence company to its portfolio. The addition of Movidius is aimed at boosting Intel's RealSense technology for "computer vision." While neither company disclosed a figure for the deal, Ireland's public service broadcaster RTE reported the purchase price was around $362 million. Founded in 2006 and based in San Mateo, Calif., Movidius designs computer chips for vision processing. Intel said the technology will help bring its own RealSense perceptual computing platform "to fruition." Giving 'Sight to Smart Devices' "The ability to track, navigate, map and recognize both scenes and objects using Movidius' low-power and high-performance SoCs [systems on chips] opens opportunities in areas where heat, battery life and form factors are key," Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel's New Technology Group, wrote in a blog post yesterday. "Specifically, we will look to deploy the technology across our efforts in augmented, virtual and merged reality (AR/VR/MR), drones, robotics, digital security cameras and beyond." Adding Movidius' vision processing unit (VPU) technology to Intel's RealSense is "a winning combination for autonomous machines that can see in 3D, understand their surroundings and navigate accordingly," Movidius CEO Remi El-Ouazzane wrote in a separate blog post. El-Ouazzane said that Movidius' VPU is already being used by clients like Google, Lenovo, DJI and FLIR to "give sight to smart devices" such as drones, security cameras, headsets for augmented-reality and virtual-reality applications and other devices. By becoming part of Intel, Movidius will stay focused on its original goals but "with the technology and resources to innovate faster and execute at scale," he noted. A 'Cambrian Explosion of Compute' Last month, Intel announced plans to purchase Nervana, another startup, for a reported $408 million. Nervana is designing the Nervana Engine, an integrated circuit for deep learning that's expected to be released sometime next year. Intel's RealSense platform was designed to "enable intelligent, interactive and autonomous machines with human-like 3D perception." At its annual developer forum last month, Intel announced a number of new kits aimed at supporting new applications for RealSense, including robots, drones and other types of autonomous machines. The addition of Movidius' technology to RealSense will help "trigger a Cambrian explosion of compute" for the estimated 50 billion devices expected to be network-connected by 2020, Walden said yesterday. "We're on the cusp of big breakthroughs in artificial intelligence," El-Ouazzane said. "In the years ahead, we'll see new types of autonomous machines with more advanced capabilities as we make progress on one of the most difficult challenges of AI: getting our devices not just to see, but also to think." The market for artificial intelligence applications for the enterprise is expected to hit $31.2 billion by 2025, compared to the current market value of $358 million, according to a new report from the analyst firm Tractica. Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: Demonstrate Your Expertise Obtain an ISACA® certification and advance your IS/IT career. Register for an Exam Today> TOP OF THE NEWS FRIDAY NOVEMBER 18 Intel Launches Nervana Artificial Intelligence Platform Tech giant Intel has announced a new strategy focused on artificial intelligence and based on a new portfolio of technologies centered on its recent acquisition of AI company Nervana Systems. Samsung Not Giving Up: S8 Coming   Firefox Focus Offers Private Browsing   SKorea Says No to Google Maps   Amazon Rolls Out Alexa Deals   Salesforce.com is the market and technology leader in Software-as-a-Service. Its award-winning CRM solution helps 82,400 customers worldwide manage and share business information over the Internet. Experience CRM success. Click here for a FREE 30-day trial. MORE IN HARDWARE Google To Stop Fast-Charging Phones Galaxy S8 To Come with AI Assistant Apple Cuts MacBook Dongle Prices IBM Unveils New Flash Data Storage Pros and Cons of New MacBook Pro Next Article > INSIDE TOP TECH NEWS NETWORK SITES SERVICES BENEFITS TECH TRENDS NETWORK SECURITY CLOUD COMPUTING HARDWARE APPLICATIONS MICROSOFT/WINDOWS COMMUNICATIONS CONTRIBUTED CONTENT APPLE/MAC MOBILE TECH WORLD WIDE WEB BIG DATA CHIPS & PROCESSORS GOVERNMENT CRM SYSTEMS PERSONAL TECH CIO TODAY TOP TECH NEWS MOBILE TECH TODAY DATA STORAGE TODAY ABOUT OUR NETWORK FREE NEWSLETTERS ARTICLE REPRINTS CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICE ADVERTISE WITH US PUBLIC RELATIONS (PR) SERVICES (In Partnership with NewsFactor) SEO SERVICES SPONSORED CONTENT SERVICES News & Product Reviews for Tech Leaders Copyright 2016 CIO Today Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Intel Acquires Movidius to Bring Sight to Computers Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide)September 6, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Intel Acquires Movidius to Bring Sight to ComputersMore One day, your computer might be able to see you as well as you can see it -- at least if Intel has its way. According to Ars Technica, the company recently announced that it's acquiring Movidius, which makes computer vision processors that you'd find in DJI drones and Lenovo's Phab2 Pro phone. Intel is hoping to use Movidius' tech to further enhance its RealSense camera technology and get a leg up in the augmented reality wars. For the uninitiated, RealSense uses depth-sensing technology to create 3D-images. The camera also has some biometric use cases, as I experienced firsthand playing NeverMind. Combined with Movidius' expertise, Intel foresees aggressively pursuing the augmented, virtual and mixed-reality markets as well as a digital security camera. MORE: Most Amazing Augmented Reality Apps Intel also touted the Movidius' low-power, high-performance platforms, which will come in handy for devices like the Phab2 Pro. The AR-centric device is equipped with a massive 4.050 mAH battery to try to stave off the rapid battery drain. Hopefully, Intel will find a way to conserve energy and create a smaller, more consumer-friendly versions of this mobile technology. But back to seeing computers. In its press release, Intel calls cameras the eyes of a computer, the CPU the brain and the vision processor the visual cortex. Movidius has also begun creating algorithms for deep learning, navigation and mapping, which can allow RealSense cameras to work with artificial intelligence tech to create more natural reactions when interacting with humans. Imagine your computer or phone not only using your face recognition to unlock it, but also reading your mood to determine if you want to hear some soothing music or see certain social updates. It's an exciting (and somewhat terrifying) prospect, and now it's closer to reality. Best VR Headsets Augmented Reality Makes Us More Human, Not Less Inside Google's Daydream and Its Plan to Rule VR Copyright 2016 Toms Guides , a Purch company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Best Buy’s pre-Black Friday 2016 sale is live right now – here are the 20 best deals BGR News Microsoft cuts top Xbox One games by 40% in Black Friday deals The Verge iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Walmart’s pre-Black Friday sale starts right now – here are the best deals so far BGR News New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech A smart home for Fido: Dog Parker offers safe place to keep canines in the big city Digital Trends This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
null

null
GadgetHelpline Toggle navigation Twitter Facebook YouTube Tumblr Instagram Home News Categories Apple Android Blackberry Gaming General Gadgets Digital Cameras TV’s Internet PC’s Laptops Sat Navs & GPS Home Entertainment How to Interactive Guides Lifestyle Lifestyle News Lifestyle Guides Lifestyle How To What is Gadgethelpline Lifestyle Gadget Helpline Membership Benefits Join our club Refer a friend Contact Search Join our club Home » Posts » 3D » Intel Acquires Movidius – A View to Bringing Sight to Machines Intel Acquires Movidius – A View to Bringing Sight to Machines Facebook Twitter Google+ Print E-mail Posted by: Morgan Walker on 6 September, 2016 3:53 PM Now that the internet of things is slowly morphing into the awareness of things, Intel have played their cards, landing squarely in the ‘computer vision hardware’ territory. Intel have announced today they have are in plans for the acquisition of Movidius. Movidius’ mission statement was to give the power of sight to machines, and, now that Intel plan on taking over the reins they have stated they will be remaining on this mission. Thanks to Intel’s backing, they can still continue along this path but with the added technology and resources of Intel to innovate faster and execute at sale. Movidius specialise in AI and computer vision processors, and, Intel being Intel would like to get in on the action. This purchase enables them to get high-speed, low-power chips that can drive RealSense cameras integrated into devices that have to see and understand the world around them. Movidius has already proven itself in the Drone territory, not to mention thermal cameras. As well as this, Movidius already has deals in place with Lenovo and Google which can only be an added bonus for Intel. Since the CPU drop-off (Moore’s law) this enables Intel to focus on other areas and possibly allow them to become the main seller for chips required in specific fields such as Smart tech and Robotics. When the computers can actually see and understand the world around them this will enable them to be autonomous. Couple this fact with the latest breakthroughs in artificial intelligence and we could be living in a very different world within a couple of years time if, of course, things continue to develop exponentially. The Gadget Helpline offers support on a wide range of smartphone makes and models from Apple iPhone to Samsung Galaxy and more, as well as any household tech and devices (but not cyborgs!) Give us a call today, or check out our membership benefits and sign up for a 30-day trial!       Facebook Twitter Google+ Print E-mail Tags: Acquisition, aot, Intel, iot, Movidius Post a comment Cancel reply Your comment * Your email address will not be shared or made public. Name * Email * Please enter an answer in digits: 9 + 3 = Related News WhatsApp launches video calling for everyone Posted by Morgan Walker on 15 November, 2016 Amazon Music Unlimited Released To UK – Cheap With Echo! Posted by Morgan Walker on 14 November, 2016 Daydream VR Headset – Out Now! Posted by Morgan Walker on 10 November, 2016 Mean Streets of Gadgetzan – Dragon Priest Meta? Posted by Morgan Walker on 7 November, 2016 10 Gadget Tips to make life a little easier Posted by Morgan Walker on 1 November, 2016 Article categories: 3D, Gadget News, General Gadgets Join our club! We are a unique technical support helpline covering the top selling gadgets in the UK. Sign up now Membership benefits Refer a friend Support and contact Cancellations Follow Gadget Helpline Tweets by @Gadget_Helpline Sponsored Link Gadget Helpline is part of the TMTI group of companies.© Copyright TMTI Ltd 2011, all rights reserved. Home Contact Gadget Helpline Terms and Conditions This site uses cookies: Find out more.Okay, thanks
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: Here's Why Intel Kaby Lake And AMD Zen Will Only Be Optimized On Windows 10 Intel Kaby Lake 7th Gen Core Series: Higher Perf-Per-Watt, Enhanced Media Engine AMD Further Unveils Zen Processor Details And An Impressive Benchmark Showdown Versus Intel Broadwell-E Processors Recent additions: Here's Why Intel Kaby Lake And AMD Zen Will Only Be Optimized On Windows 10 Intel Kaby Lake 7th Gen Core Series: Higher Perf-Per-Watt, Enhanced Media Engine AMD Further Unveils Zen Processor Details And An Impressive Benchmark Showdown Versus Intel Broadwell-E Graphics/Sound Recent additions: ZOTAC GeForce GTX 1070 AMP! Extreme Review NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 And GTX 1050 Ti Review: Low Power, Low Price Pascal Custom GeForce GTX 1080 Round Up With ASUS, EVGA, And Gigabyte Motherboards Recent additions: Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested MSI Z170A Gaming M9 ACK Motherboard Review: Sharp Dressed, Feature Packed Gigabyte, Intel And Corsair Enthusiast PC Components Summit Highlights Storage Recent additions: Samsung SSD 960 EVO NVMe M.2 Review: Ultra Fast, Affordable Storage WD My Passport Wireless Pro Review: Portable Storage For Mobile Devices Samsung SSD 960 Pro NVMe M.2 Review: Blazing Fast, Solid State Storage Misc Recent additions: Das Keyboard Prime 13 Review: A Minimalistic Mechanical Plank Intel Unveils Project Alloy Merged Reality Headset And Partnership With Microsoft For Windows Holographic Shell Hykso Boxing Sensors Review: Wearable Technology And Fitness Collide SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Hands On And First Impressions Of The Microsoft Surface Studio AIO PC Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide Desktops Recent additions: Hands On And First Impressions Of The Microsoft Surface Studio AIO PC HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide Alienware Alpha R2 Review: Big Screen Gaming In A Little Package DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review Alienware Alpha R2 Review: Big Screen Gaming In A Little Package Gigabyte, Intel And Corsair Enthusiast PC Components Summit Highlights IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: Netgear Orbi AC3000 Mesh WiFi System Review A Rare Look Inside Facebook’s Efficient And Frigid Data Center At The Arctic Circle Intel's Investment In FPGAs Could Pay Dividends In Microsoft Data Centers And Mark The Advent Of AI Accelerators Workstation Recent additions: Gigabyte, Intel And Corsair Enthusiast PC Components Summit Highlights NVIDIA Quadro M2000 Review: Affordable Maxwell Pro Graphics Lenovo ThinkPad P70 Mobile Workstation Review: Xeon And Quadro On The Go Data Center/SMB Recent additions: Netgear Orbi AC3000 Mesh WiFi System Review A Rare Look Inside Facebook’s Efficient And Frigid Data Center At The Arctic Circle Intel's Investment In FPGAs Could Pay Dividends In Microsoft Data Centers And Mark The Advent Of AI Accelerators Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft Patents Big Brother AI To Monitor Everything You Do In Windows And Feed It To Bing For Search Results Here's Why Intel Kaby Lake And AMD Zen Will Only Be Optimized On Windows 10 A Quick Guide To Customizing Your Windows Desktop Experience MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Huawei Honor 8 Review: A Stylish, Affordable Android Smartphone Alienware 13 R3 Review: OLED, GeForce 10 Pop And Performance WD My Passport Wireless Pro Review: Portable Storage For Mobile Devices Notebooks Recent additions: Alienware 13 R3 Review: OLED, GeForce 10 Pop And Performance Asus ROG G752 Review: A Pascal Packing Mobile Powerhouse Asus ZenBook 3 Review: An Intel Kaby Lake-Powered Ultrabook Smartphones Recent additions: Huawei Honor 8 Review: A Stylish, Affordable Android Smartphone Moto Z Play Review: 8-Cores And Insane Battery Life Moto G4 Play Review: Budget Android, Full-Featured And Unlocked Tablets Recent additions: HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet Review: A 2-In-1 For Pros Samsung Galaxy TabPro S Review: A Premium, Ultra-Thin Windows Convertible Gadgets Recent additions: HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation Samsung Gear Fit2 Review: More Than Just A Fitness Wearable LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Titanfall 2 Review And PC Benchmarks Quick Take: Fantastic Mech Fun Exploring NVIDIA's GeForce Experience 3.0, A Beginner's Guide Gears of War 4 Review And Benchmark Performance Quick Take Entertainment Recent additions: Experiencing NVIDIA's SHIELD With Plex Media Server Streaming Prowess YouTube Gains In-App Messenger For Mobile Chatting And Video Sharing Valve Inks Game-Changing Deal With Lionsgate Entertainment Adding Over 100 Movie Titles To Steam Platform Gaming Recent additions: Titanfall 2 Review And PC Benchmarks Quick Take: Fantastic Mech Fun Exploring NVIDIA's GeForce Experience 3.0, A Beginner's Guide Asus ROG G752 Review: A Pascal Packing Mobile Powerhouse Social Recent additions: YouTube Gains In-App Messenger For Mobile Chatting And Video Sharing Microsoft Reportedly Abandoned $8 Billion Slack Bid To Double Down On Skype Genius Tweets? Apple Hangs Out @AppleSupport Sign On Twitter VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: NES Classic Edition Alienware 13 Samsung 960 EVO GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Surface Studio Kaby Lake And Zen Windows 10 home Mobile Notebooks by Joshua Gulick — Tuesday, September 06, 2016 HP Pavilion x360 13t Review: A Quality Mainstream Convertible Laptop Article Index:    Introducing The HP Pavilion x360 13t HP Pavilion x360 13t Design and Build Quality HP Pavilion x360 13t ATTO Disk, SunSpider And Cinebench HP Pavilion x360 13t PCMark 8, 3DMark, Far Cry 2 Performance HP Pavilion x360 13t Battery Life And Acoustics HP Pavilion x360 13t Performance Summary And Final Analysis Introducing The HP Pavilion x360 13t Mainstream notebooks, laptops, and convertible devices have been significantly refined over the last few generations. The $500-$900 price range generally features laptops that are thin and light, built well, have decent battery life, and deliver solid multimedia experiences. Intel has a stranglehold on the CPUs and graphics in many of these mid-level systems, so PC makers seem to be emphasizing design differences lately. As important as performance is, you may well choose your next laptop because it converts into a mode or use case that fits your needs, rather than because of its technical specifications. HP aims the Pavilion x360 series at buyers who are looking for a non-traditional laptop. All of the laptops in the series have hinges that let the display fold back into tablet mode, as well as some other handy modes in between. It faces competition from the likes of the Asus ZenBook Flip, certain Dell models, and, of course, the Lenovo Yoga line.  Before we dig into the system components, we should point out that HP’s Pavilion laptop family was among systems, including Compaq, Compaq Presario, Envy and ProBook models, that were subject to a recall this summer. The recall, which targets potentially defective batteries, appears to affect only a small number of Pavilion laptops, but checking its status is easy enough. All new machines should be fine, however. HP Pavilion x360 13t Specifications & Features Processor Intel Core i5-6200U Dual-Core 2.3GHz (Max 2.8GHz) OS Windows 10 Home 64-bit Display 13.3-inch HD UWVA IPS WLED-backlit (1366x768) Touch Graphics Intel HD Graphics 520 Storage 128GB M.2 SSD Memory 8GB DDR4-2133 (1x 8GB) Audio Bang & Olufsen PLAY, 2 Speakers Camera HP Wide Vision HD Webcam with Dual Digital Mic Networking 802.11n and Bluetooth 4.0 Ports: L 1x USB 2.0, Headphone, Lock Slot Ports: R 2x USB 3.0, 1x HDMI, SD Card Reader Battery 3-Cell 41WHr Li-Ion Battery Weight 3.66 Pounds Dimensions 12.85 x 8.74 x 0.78 Inches Keyboard Full-Size Island-Style Warranty 1-Year Limited Warranty With Toll-Free Support Price $759.99 MSRP As Tested, Lower At Amazon HP starts the Pavilion x360 line at $379.99, with an 11.6-inch display and entry-level hardware on-board. The 13.3-inch Pavilion x360 13t starts at $479.99 and the 15.6-inch Pavilion x360 15t rings in at $539.99. A system with either of the two largest displays starts with an Intel Core i3 processor, 4GB of memory, Intel HD Graphics 520, and a traditional spinning hard drive. We are reviewing the HP Pavilion x360 13t here. The configurator for the Pavilion x360 13t has plenty of options for most components, including four processor choices, memory ranging from 4GB to 12GB, two display resolutions (1366x768 and 1920x1080) and three storage options. You can also pick your networking hardware. And as with most HP laptops, you can browse dozens of accessories and software titles as well. We like that HP has so many options for buyers and we’re (mostly) happy with the x360’s customizability. We tested a Pavilion x360 13t with some of the top features available for this series. The upgrades start with the processor, which is an Intel Core i5-6200U, which was paired to 8GB of DDR4-2133 RAM. The Core i5-6200U is the laptop’s best CPU option and bumps up the price by $150. Doubling the standard 4GB of memory will set you back an additional $80. Our test system features the default display option. The standard display is a touchscreen and has an HD resolution (1366x768), but unless your budget is really stretched, we’d pony up the extra $70 here for the 1920x1080 FHD touchscreen display. The display is a feature that has a huge impact on your experience, so we’d make some concessions on other features before we’d settle for 1366x768 on a new notebook if we had to. Speaking of settling, HP’s storage options for the Pavilion x360 13t left us wanting more. If you’re looking for a traditional hard drive, you have two reasonable choices: a 500GB, 5400rpm SATA drive, or a 1TB SATA drive, also spinning at 5400rpm. But SSDs are preferable in terms of durability and performance, so we’re a little surprised that the only SSD option is an 128GB M.2 module. The SSD only tacks $40 onto the default system price, but 128GB is a little small in our opinion and HP doesn’t offer a secondary storage option – you can’t add that 500GB unit as your data drive if you wanted. A 256GB SSD or an SSD/HDD combo would be a real improvement for the Pavilion x360 13t’s storage options. As it stands now, you’ll need to sacrifice the performance benefits of solid state storage to get more than 128GB of space. Of course, if you’re a Dropbox guru, 128GB might suit you just fine. HP also offers multiple networking options, but stuck with the standard 802.11n / Bluetooth 4.0 combo in our test system. You can upgrade to 802.11ac / Bluetooth 4.2 for $10 or take the high-end 802.11ac (2x2) combo (which also has Bluetooth 4.2) for a $30 upcharge. Interestingly, the keyboard lighting is optional as well. You’ll pay $30 extra if that’s a must-have feature for you. Our test system, running Windows 10 Home 64-bit, came to $759.99. That’s a serious bump from the base model, so let’s take a look at the laptop and see if it’s worth the price. NEXT PAGE Article Index:    Introducing The HP Pavilion x360 13t HP Pavilion x360 13t Design and Build Quality HP Pavilion x360 13t ATTO Disk, SunSpider And Cinebench HP Pavilion x360 13t PCMark 8, 3DMark, Far Cry 2 Performance HP Pavilion x360 13t Battery Life And Acoustics HP Pavilion x360 13t Performance Summary And Final Analysis Tags:  Notebook, HP, laptop, Pavilion, Core i5, review, (nyse:hpq), pavilion x360 Image gallery Related content Alienware 13 R3 Review: OLED, GeForce 10 Pop And Performance WD My Passport Wireless Pro Review: Portable Storage For Mobile Devices Adventures With Dell's Rugged PC Line-Up Moto Z Play Review: 8-Cores And Insane Battery Life Asus ROG G752 Review: A Pascal Packing Mobile Powerhouse Comments Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 27K CONVERSATIONS Chrome Crushing It In The Browser Wars...45 Alienware 13 R3 Review: OLED, GeForce 10...13 Google DeepMind AI's Ability To Discern...9 Hell Freezes Over As Microsoft Releases...8 NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Allegedly...7 Kaspersky Calls Out Microsoft For...5 Apple 13-inch MacBook Pro With Touch Bar...5 FEATURED Huawei Honor 8 Review: A Stylish,... Samsung SSD 960 EVO NVMe M.2 Review:... Alienware 13 R3 Review: OLED, GeForce 10... Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit... ZOTAC GeForce GTX 1070 AMP! Extreme... Titanfall 2 Review And PC Benchmarks... WD My Passport Wireless Pro Review:... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...745k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...581k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...558k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...542k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...484k Know Your Type: Five Mechanical Gaming...435k GeForce GTX 980 Ti Round-Up With MSI,...382k THREADS HotHardware's Fall HP Pavilion x360 13t...8 HH Fall HP Pavilion x360 13t Notebook...7 I'm hanging in there until I win my new...4 Am I overclocking a PIC18F4525?1 Your Next Graphics Card GF GTX 1080 Radeon RX 480 GF GTX 1070 GF GTX 1060 Other AMD Other NVIDIA More Results MORE HOT STUFF IN MOBILE Alienware 13 R3 Review: OLED, GeForce 10... WD My Passport Wireless Pro Review:... Adventures With Dell's Rugged PC... Moto Z Play Review: 8-Cores And Insane... Asus ROG G752 Review: A Pascal Packing... Moto G4 Play Review: Budget Android,... Asus ZenBook 3 Review: An Intel Kaby... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2016 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
null
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»INTEL AKTIE»INTC Stock: Intel Corporation is Gearing Up For a Bullish Turn INTEL CORPORATION 32,831  Euro -0,056 -0,17 % WKN: 855681  ISIN: US4581401001 Ticker-Symbol: INL  Frankfurt | 18.11.16 | 18:03 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheHalbleiter AktienmarktNASDAQ-100 DJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 32,85 32,953 19:01 32,847 32,905 19:01 06.09.2016 | 17:04 (4 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) ProfitConfidential.com·Mehr Nachrichten von ProfitConfidential.com INTC Stock: Intel Corporation is Gearing Up For a Bullish Turn Cloud Computing is a Tailwind for Intel Stock Rivals are nipping at Intel Corporation's (NASDAQ:INTC) heels, but INTC stock is still the undisputed King of Microchip Makers. No firm has been able to knock it off the throne, and that kind of toughness keeps me bullish on Intel stock. The company has dramatically altered its business, scaling back investment in its personal computer (PC) division and redirecting those resources to formative areas like cloud computing. I've. Den vollständigen Artikel lesen ... © 2016 ProfitConfidential.com Nachrichten zu INTEL CORPORATION Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 18:07 Closing The Book On Intel And Vuzix ► Artikel lesen 16:21 Tech Today: Salesforce, Marvell Surge, Apple's Inventory, Intel's A.I. ► Artikel lesen 15:46 Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good ► Artikel lesen 15:22 Intel Corporation Is Preparing a Core i3 7350K Gaming Chip ► Artikel lesen 14:33 Google und Intel wollen Cloud Computing in die Unternehmen bringen MOUNTAIN VIEW (IT-Times) - Die Google Cloud Sparte hat eine Allianz mit dem Halbleiterkonzern Intel geformt, um die Akzeptanz von Cloud Computing in Unternehmen zu verbessern. Google hatte mit Intel... ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart INTEL CORPORATION Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % INTEL CORPORATION 32,831 -0,17 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Mobile   /   Intel Grows Computer Vision Capabilities With Movidius Buy       Intel Grows Computer Vision Capabilities With Movidius Buy     By Jeffrey Burt  |  Posted 2016-09-06 Print               Movidius' low-power SoCs will integrate with Intel's RealSense technology to bring computer vision processing to IoT, VR and other devices. Intel is expanding its capabilities in virtual reality, artificial intelligence and the internet of things with the planned acquisition of Movidius, whose low-power processors are designed to enable much of the processing of data gathered from such technologies as Intel's RealSense computer vision platform. Intel officials are positioning the move as a way to increase the chip maker's presence in a broad array of devices, such as robots, drones and virtual reality (VR) headsets, and make it larger player in such emerging areas as VR, augmented reality (AR), machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI). The acquisition is also part of Intel's larger initiative to refocus much of its efforts and resources on such growth markets, pivoting away from the struggling global PC market. Computer vision will play an increasingly important role in everything from drones and VR to autonomous cars and internet of things (IoT) devices, and the addition of Movidius gives Intel a low-power system-on-a-chip (SoC) business that can complement its RealSense technology and bring on-device processing to many of these devices. "Simply put, computer vision enables machines to visually process and understand their surroundings. Cameras serve as the 'eyes' of the device, the central processing unit is the 'brain' and a vision processor is the 'visual cortex,'" Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel's New Technology Group, wrote in a post on the company blog. "As devices become smarter and more distributed, we recognize that specific system-on-a-chip (SoC) attributes will be paramount to giving human-like sight to the 50 billion connected devices that are projected by 2020. … With Movidius, Intel gains low-power, high-performance SoC platforms for accelerating computer vision applications." The Movidius acquisition is only the latest move by the chip maker to broaden its capabilities in AI, computer vision and cognitive computing. Intel officials in October 2015 announced the company was buying Saffron Technology, whose products are designed to mimic the human brain in how it learns and processes information, and in August bought Nervana Systems, a startup that has developed software and hardware for machine learning. At the Intel Developer Forum (IDF) last month, officials also unveiled plans for a new Xeon Phi many-core chip—code-named Knights Mill—that will compete with GPUs from Nvidia in the machine-learning task for training neural networks. Intel and Nvidia are seeing their competition in the AI and deep learning fields heating up. The addition of Movidius will give Intel another tool in the AI space. Its RealSense cameras include depth-sensing capabilities that enable systems to view the work in 3D. Much of the processing for these systems is done in the cloud, but Movidius' low-power SoCs are designed to bring more of the computer vision processing onto the devices themselves. The company's Myriad vision processing units (VPUs) are already being used by such companies as Google, Lenovo, DJI and FLIR for such devices as drones, security cameras and VR/AR headsets, according to officials. "When computers can see, they can become autonomous and that's just the beginning," Movidius CEO Remi El-Ouazzane wrote in a post on the company blog. "We're on the cusp of big breakthroughs in artificial intelligence. In the years ahead, we'll see new types of autonomous machines with more advanced capabilities as we make progress on one of the most difficult challenges of AI: getting our devices not just to see, but also to think." Intel's Walden said that the company sees "massive potential for Movidius to accelerate our initiatives in new and emerging technologies. The ability to track, navigate, map and recognize both scenes and objects using Movidius' low-power and high-performance SoCs opens opportunities in areas where heat, battery life and form factors are key." In particular, Intel is looking to use Movidius' technology in such areas as AR and VR, drones, robotics and digital security cameras, he wrote.             LATEST MOBILE ARTICLES   MobileIron Adds Single Sign-On to Box, Office 365, Salesforce Apple And PayPal Enable Payments Through Siri Voice Commands Revamped Google Play Music to Use Machine Learning to Suggest Songs Google Rebuts EU Complaint About Android Bundling Charges GoPro Recalls All 2,500 of the New Karma Drones Sold to Customers                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  

CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Intel acquiring Movidius – may be their “in” for Android over Qualcomm Chris Burns - Sep 6, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit This week begins with an acquisition of Movidius by Intel, the sort of acquisition that might go unnoticed by the average user. What’s important about this acquisition is Movidius’ work with drone obstacle avoidance sensors for DJI, heat sensor technology with FLIR, deep learning with a variety of companies – and, perhaps most importantly, the brains (the chip) that makes Google’s Project Tango possible. Now Intel has announced that they’re acquiring Movidius, and big things are happening behind the scenes. The Movidius Vision Processing Unit was what made the first developer kits for Tango work. Google worked with Qualcomm to make ready the consumer versions of Tango technology for phones and tablets, and it seemed that Movidius disappeared from the equation. Now with Intel picking up the entirety of the company, we might be seeing another path for the company – and/or for Intel to get their big break with Android device manufacturers. This acquisition also has a lot to do with Intel’s RealSense technology. “The ability to track, navigate, map and recognize both scenes and objects using Movidius’ low-power and high-performance SoCs opens opportunities in areas where heat, battery life and form factors are key,” said Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel’s New Technology Group. “Specifically, we will look to deploy the technology across our efforts in augmented, virtual and merged reality (AR/VR/MR), drones, robotics, digital security cameras and beyond. Movidius’ market-leading family of computer vision SoCs complements Intel’s RealSense offerings in addition to our broader IP and product roadmap.” ABOVE: Image created by source Intel/Movidius Movidius works with Intelligent Machine Vision for robotics, wearables, smart security, and augmented (and virtual) reality as well, so there’s plenty else that Intel could have in mind for their near future. More information on how this acquisition is planned to take place can be found in the Movidius CEO post released this week. Story Timeline Tango chip maker Movidius, Google to make smartphones smarter Intel Joule is the tiny Maker module for the IoT Intel's WiGig VR prototype cuts Oculus' cord Intel eyes a future where USB-C headphones reign supreme Meet Intel 7th Gen Core, the 4K, VR-ready "Kaby Lake" processors Tags AndroidgoogleIntelmobileProject TangoQualcommSoCTango Must Read Bits & Bytes Bucking trends, Acura reveals vision of tomorrow’s dashboard Now Alfa Romeo has an SUV, and we have so many questions 2017 Honda Civic Hatchback First Drive Jaguar I-PACE Concept previews Model X rivaling EV for 2018 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Latest Headlines AT&T will detail DirecTV Now on Nov 28: 4 things to know now Nov 18, 2016 Apple does the math on “Made in America” iPhone Nov 18, 2016 Amazon’s Black Friday starts early with Alexa’s Voice Shopping Nov 18, 2016 Volvo trials concierge app to refuel and relocate your car Nov 18, 2016 Pokemon Sun and Moon: How to get and evolve Munchlax Nov 18, 2016 Latest Reviews GPD WIN Review: Mobile Windows 10 for gaming Nov 18, 2016 Review: Logitech Z337 Bold Sound with Bluetooth 2.1 Speaker System Nov 16, 2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Nov 14, 2016 Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The Apple engineer who moved Mac to Intel applied to work at the Genius Bar in an Apple store and was rejected Jim Edwards Sep. 5, 2016, 7:35 AM 387,163 facebook linkedin twitter email print JK Scheinberg.JK Scheinberg / Linkedin JK Scheinberg, the engineer who spent 21 years working at Apple and is best known for persuading Steve Jobs to move the Mac from PowerPC to Intel in 2005, was rejected from a job at an Apple store a few years later. He had applied to work at a Genius Bar, according to The New York Times. The Times used it as an example of age discrimination in the workplace. Ashton Applewhite wrote in The Times: "I'm lucky enough to get my tech support from JK Scheinberg, the engineer at Apple who led the effort that moved the Mac to Intel processors. A little restless after retiring in 2008, at 54, he figured he'd be a great fit for a position at an Apple store Genius Bar, despite being twice as old as anyone else at the group interview. 'On the way out, all three of the interviewers singled me out and said, "We'll be in touch,"' he said. 'I never heard back.'" Apple, notoriously, employs very young workers in its stores. It is unlikely that anyone is more qualified to work at an Apple store than Scheinberg, who ran the "Marklar" Intel project. Business Insider described Marklar in an article on the extreme culture of secrecy inside Apple: "Kim Scheinberg tells this story about her husband, Apple employee JK, who invented an Intel version of Mac OSX that ran on PCs. Bertrand Serlet, the svp of software engineering, liked the project: "'Bertrand sits JK down and has a talk with him about how no one can know about this. No one. Suddenly, the home office has to be reconfigured to meet Apple security standards. "'JK points out to Bertrand that I know about the project. In fact, not only do I know about it, I am the person who named it. "'Bertrand tells JK that I am to forget everything I know, and he will not be allowed to speak to me about it again until it is publicly announced. "'I guess he had some kind of "Total Recall" memory wipe in mind.'" MacRumors has a nice summary of the story too. It begins with Scheinberg realising that he could use an off-the-shelf Sony PC to run a version of Mac OS X, the Apple desktop operating system: "Bertrand walks in, watches the PC boot up, and says to JK, 'How long would it take you to get this running on a (Sony) Vaio?' JK replies, 'Not long' and Bertrand says, 'Two weeks? Three?' "JK said more like two *hours*. Three hours, tops. "Bertrand tells JK to go to Fry's (the famous West Coast computer chain) and buy the top of the line, most expensive Vaio they have. So off JK, Max and I go to Frys. We return to Apple less than an hour later. By 7:30 that evening, the Vaio is running the Mac OS. [My husband disputes my memory of this and says that Matt Watson bought the Vaio. Maybe Matt will chime in.] "The next morning, Steve Jobs is on a plane to Japan to meet with the President of Sony." Scheinberg later tweeted: Wonder if Apple will finally give me callback on that genius bar interview https://t.co/9fXt5fBFTU #ageism — JK Scheinberg (@tiltdad) September 5, 2016 NOW WATCH: The ‘Apple of China’ just unveiled a phone that’s more powerful and better looking than the iPhone Loading video... More: Apple Genius Bar Apple Store facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The Apple engineer who moved Mac to Intel applied to work at the Genius Bar in an Apple store and was rejected The Apple engineer who moved Mac to Intel applied to work at the Genius Bar in an Apple store and was rejected JK Scheinberg, the engineer who spent 21 years... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Ministry of Innovation / Business of Technology Intel acquires Movidius to bring “computer vision” to more devices Movidius' SoCs and algorithms let computers "see" and process the real world. by Valentina Palladino - Sep 6, 2016 1:56 pm UTC Login to bookmark 24 Computer vision is a critical technology for smart, connected devices of the future. (Credit: Intel Corporation) Intel Last night, Intel announced that it will buy Movidius, an Irish company that makes computer vision processors used in devices such as drones and virtual reality systems. According to Intel's press release, the goal is to weave Movidius' technology in with Intel's RealSense cameras to enhance "computer vision and perceptual computing" in its devices. Movidius has been around for nearly a decade, making low-power, high-performance SoCs that have been used by the likes of Lenovo, DJI, and others. It has also created algorithms for deep learning, depth processing, and navigation, so it's easy to see why Intel would want to use both of those pieces in its RealSense camera systems. While Intel has the "eyes" of the computer down with RealSense, Movidius' technology will likely become an integrated part of the computer's "brain" as the visual cortex. Intel says it's particularly looking to integrate Movidius' work into augmented, virtual, and merged reality systems as well as robotics and security systems. Intel has been shopping around for companies that contribute to this bottom line; just last month, the company acquired the deep-learning company Nervana Systems to help it compete in the AI sphere. Recent acquisitions show how Intel has broadened its focus away from x86, turning its attention to new technology like virtual reality devices, drones, and smart home products. The details of the Intel-Movidius deal have not been disclosed yet, but the acquisition should be finalized by the end of this year. Expand full story Reader comments 24 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Valentina Palladino / Valentina is the Associate Reviewer for Ars Technica, covering all gadgets with a focus on mobile devices and wearables. She has a soft spot for Chromebooks.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Intel acquires Movidius to let connected devices 'see' IANS | New York Sep 06, 2016 05:38 PM IST In its bid to play a leading role in giving human-like sight to the 50 billion connected devices that are projected by 2020, Intel has acquired San Mateo-headquartered computer vision hardware-maker Movidius. "I'm excited to announce our pending acquisition of Movidius. With Movidius, Intel gains low-power, high-performance SoC (System on a Chip) platforms for accelerating computer vision applications," Josh Walden, Senior Vice President and General Manager of Intel's New Technology Group said in a statement. Movidius is working with customers like Google and Lenovo to give sight to smart devices including drones, security cameras, AR/VR headsets and more. "Our leading VPU (Vision Processing Unit) platform for on-device vision processing combined with Intel's industry leading depth sensing solution (Intel RealSense Technology) is a winning combination for autonomous machines that can see in 3D," Movidius CEO Remi El-Ouazzane said in a separate statement. Computer vision enables machines to visually process and understand their surroundings. Upon integration, computer vision enables navigation and mapping, collision avoidance, tracking, object recognition, inspection analytics and more -- capabilities that are extremely compelling in emerging markets, Intel said. "We see massive potential for Movidius to accelerate our initiatives in new and emerging technologies," Walden said. The ability to track, navigate, map and recognise both scenes and objects using Movidius' low-power and high-performance SoCs opens opportunities in areas where heat, battery life and form factors are key. "Specifically, we will look to deploy the technology across our efforts in augmented, virtual and merged reality (AR/VR/MR), drones, robotics, digital security cameras and beyond," Walden noted. Other details of the transaction have not yet been made public. --IANS gb/na/dg Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Demonetisation: Get Rs 2,000 cash at petrol pumps from Nov 18 ATMs in small cities, villages will take weeks to be ready Modus Operandi: How black money hoarders are trying to escape I-T lens Tata Trusts get I-T notice for tax avoidance Ratan Tata should step down for crisis to abate: 6 suggestions from NYU's Damodaran More From Current Affairs Religious leaders call for 'toilets before temples' Government unhappy with Rajya Sabha TV's coverage of demonetisation (Parliament snippets) Thousands of crore pumped in from 'enemy country': Parrikar Relived childhood with 'Haanikaarak Bapu': Geeta and Babita Phogat Indians win most international scholarships for rice, wheat research [ more ] Top Stories Supreme Court refuses to accept rejection of Collegium recommendations T N Ninan: Our post-truths Shekhar Gupta: The WhatsApp governance Demonetisation: FM says execution could not have been better Cash crunch chokes off India palm oil imports [ more ] Markets Cash crunch chokes off India palm oil imports MCX to levy concentration margin from December Gold quotes at huge discount, price hits 4-month low Sovereign gold bonds worth 14 tonnes in six tranches Diamond exporters eye 8-10% rise in exports in coming quarter [ more ] Companies Acting out innovation Koovs raises $16 million from Times Group, other investors Vikram Johri: Lessons from a scandal Bajaj commences production of 400-cc bike from Chakan plant Natco plans to double drug filings next year [ more ] Opinion Vikram Johri: Reality or fiction? Sunil Sethi: My little black diary T N Ninan: Our post-truths Shekhar Gupta: The WhatsApp governance Why Gruh Finance isn't a top pick among analysts anymore? [ more ] Latest News Vikram Johri: Reality or fiction? A quick bite, monsieur? Acting out innovation Kishore Singh: Hindi Chini bhai bhai Supreme Court refuses to accept rejection of Collegium recommendations [ more ] Today's Paper What will happen to H-1B visas under Donald Trump? TCS will hold EGM on Dec 13 to remove Cyrus Mistry as director Beware, taxman to watch your posts on social media Demonetisation: Govt tightens exchange of notes, eases withdrawal Mistry skips Tata Sons board meeting [ more ] News you can use Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping Gold will remain below Rs 30,000 in coming months. Here's why Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2THaT6f Home Today's Paper Top Stories Demonetisation Impact Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
null
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Mobiles Mobiles News Intel Buys Movidius, the Machine Vision Firm That Powers Google Tango  Shekhar Thakran, 06 September 2016 Share on FacebookTweetShareShareEmailReddit Highlights Movidius is already working with Google, DJI, and Lenovo Reportedly, all 180 employees from Movidius will be integrated at Intel Movidius CEO says company to stay focused on its objective Intel announced Project Euclid, at its Intel Developers Forum last month, based on company's RealSense perceptual computing platform. With this announcement the company made it clear that it is serious about the concept of computer vision. Now, the company has gone ahead further and announced that it is going to acquire computer vision chipmaker Movidius. Movidius as a chipmaker is not an unknown entity in the industry as it is already working with companies such as Google, DJI, FLIR, and Lenovo to provide its vision technology to various electronic devices such as drones, security cameras, AR/VR headsets etc. Movidius, interestingly, provided the computer vision chips used in the first generation of Google Project Tango devices, including the first commercial Tango product, the Lenovo Phab 2 Pro. Its hardware helps map surroundings using 3D tools like cameras and sensors. The company also provided chips for the collision avoidance system on the DJI Phantom 4.In a note regarding the acquisition, Movidius CEO Remi El-Ouazzane said that the company will remain focused on its objective to provide vision to machines but will now have the resources to innovate faster and execute at scale. (Also see: Your Android Smartphone Could Soon Recognise People and Objects Around You) "With Movidius, Intel gains low-power, high-performance SoC platforms for accelerating computer vision applications. Additionally, this acquisition brings algorithms tuned for deep learning, depth processing, navigation and mapping, and natural interactions, as well as broad expertise in embedded computer vision and machine intelligence. Movidius' technology optimizes, enhances and brings RealSense capabilities to fruition," Intel's Senior Vice President and General Manager of the New Technology Group Josh Walden said in his editorial. Walden further said that specifically, the company will look to deploy the technology across its "efforts in augmented, virtual and merged reality (AR/VR/MR), drones, robotics, digital security cameras and beyond." "Computer vision will trigger a Cambrian explosion of compute, with Intel at the forefront of this new wave of computing, enabled by RealSense in conjunction with Movidius and our full suite of perceptual computing technologies," Walden added. A spokesperson from Intel has told The Verge that all of the 180 employees at Movidius will be "integrated" into Intel's Perceptual Computing group. Tags: Intel Movidius Acquisition, Intel RealSense, Computer Vision Technology, Movidius, Intel SwiftKey Keyboard Update Brings Support for Android 7.0 Nougat Emoji Intel Buys Movidius, the Machine Vision Firm That Powers Google Tango     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Vivo Xplay6 Vivo X9 Plus Vivo X9 Lyf Wind 7i OnePlus 3T Gionee S9 Vivo V5 Huawei Mate 9 Pro HTC Bolt Hyve Pryme Panasonic P71 Zopo Color F2 Motorola Moto M Lyf F8 Asus ZenFone 3 Max (ZC553KL) General Mobile GM5 Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime Xiaomi Redmi 4 Micromax Canvas Spark 4G Popular iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones From Gadgets 360 Shop » Yu Yureka Plus In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 12,500Rs. 6,389 Panasonic Eluga Turbo In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 13,999Rs. 7,999 LYF WATER 11 4G VoLTE In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 11,699Rs. 7,299 Zen Cinemax 3 In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 7,999Rs. 4,349 OPINIONSALL AUTHORS Gopal Sathe UPI Could Help With the Cash Crunch - So Why Is No One Using It? Akhil Arora FIFA 17 The Journey: Why, EA Sports, Why? Kunal Dua MacBook Pro 2016 Is the Touchscreen Mac You've Always Wanted Advertisement Recent This Possible Nintendo Switch Launch Game Sounds Absolutely Bizarre Reliance Global Call Unveils International Calling App for Android, iOS Google Play Newsstand Gets Makeover; Launches on Web Don’t Let Kids Watch What They Shouldn’t With The New YouTube Kids Xiaomi Mi MIX Nano With 5.5-Inch Display Images and Specifications Leaked This Credit Card-Sized Phone Starts Shipping From November-End Pokemon Stars Is the Nintendo Switch’s Pokemon Sun and Moon: Report US Says Concerned Over Russia Blocking Access to LinkedIn Samsung Galaxy J3 (2017) Price, Image, Specifications Leaked Flipkart Unveils Exchange Offers for Google Pixel, Pixel XL Smartphones More News TRENDING Looking for an ATM Near You With Cash? These Apps and Websites Can Help Do Not Click or Share That WhatsApp Video Calling Invite Link - It's Fake How to Get WhatsApp Video Calling Right Now With Trump in Power, Apple Said to Be Considering Making iPhones in US Vivo V5 vs Oppo F1s vs Gionee S6s: The Selfie Smartphone Battle Flipkart Unveils Exchange Offers for Google Pixel, Pixel XL Smartphones Xiaomi Mi MIX Nano With 5.5-Inch Display Images and Specifications Leaked OnePlus 3T With Snapdragon 821 SoC, 128GB Storage Launched Vivo V5 With 20-Megapixel Front Camera, Front Flash Launched in India No Man's Sky Designer Leaves Hello Games to Work on Star Citizen Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2016. All rights reserved.
null
Trending: Video: Our holiday gift guide 2016 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: New MacBook Pro show-and-tell Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet IT users review 6 software test management tools 12 steps to lower your espionage risk More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Operating Systems Windows 10 Opinion by Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols I don’t like being force-fed Windows 10 Microsoft, along with AMD and Intel, has made darn sure you’ll be running Windows 10 and not Windows 7 on the next PC you buy By Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols | Follow Computerworld | Sep 6, 2016 5:08 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Microsoft Sweden, CC BY 2.0, via Wikimedia Commons More like this Intel's new Kaby Lake chips for PC: Here's the company's vision Upgrading to Windows 10 and questioning <i>The New York Times</i> Microsoft relents on shorter Windows 7 support decree Video Windows 10 Quick Tips: Getting the most from Cortana Opinion by Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols Clueless CIO cloud confusion continues Windows 10 runs again — but for how... I want out of Windows patch hell AirPods: Just as bad as you thought... I don’t like being force-fed Windows 10 Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Would you subscribe to Windows? I don’t want to be LinkedIn with... Is Oracle cooking its cloud books? Oracle’s API stance would be silly if... Show More I’m a Linux guy, but I kind of like Windows 10. However, its luster has been wearing thin. First, there was Cortana’s eavesdropping. Then there was the insanely buggy Windows 10 Anniversary Update. Adding insult to injury, Microsoft now force-feeds us updates and gives us only 10 days to roll them back. But, thought I, I could still run Windows 7, my favorite Microsoft operating system, when I needed to run Windows. Wrong! I should have seen the handwriting on the wall. Back in January 2016, Microsoft announced that it would support new Intel Skylake-powered PC with Windows 7 and 8.1 only until July 2017. Just 18 months of support for a PC that’s likely to be used for over four years? I don’t think so. After much screaming by customers, Microsoft backed off on that plan.Windows 7 support will now expire on Skylake-powered PCs on Jan. 14, 2020, with support for Windows 8.1 ending on Jan. 10, 2023. But, with a new generation of AMD and Intel chips, Microsoft is doing it again — only more so! The boys from Redmond won’t support Windows 7 — or Windows 8.1, for those who care — on Intel’s forthcoming Kaby Lake or AMD’s Zen chips. Only Windows 10 will be supported on the next generation of CPUs. Bad enough that I had to fight to keep Windows 10 off my Windows 7 PCs; now I can’t install it on new processors! Not fair, Microsoft, not fair at all. Microsoft told AMD, Intel and Qualcomm, with its 8996 CPU, to support only Windows 10. As an Intel spokesperson said, “We are committed to working with Microsoft and our ecosystem partners to help ensure a smooth transition given these changes to Microsoft’s Windows support policy.” Specifically, “No, Intel will not be updating Win 7/8 drivers for 7th Gen Intel Core per Microsoft’s support policy change.” What does that really mean? Will Windows 7 run on Kaby Lake processors? It should. The x86 instruction set has a long history, and Intel isn’t going to change what isn’t broken. That said, Windows 7 on newer processors might be glitchy. I don’t want to find that out after spending a grand for a brand-new, top-of-the-line computer. Or it could be that Windows 7 will run fine, albeit without support, except for new Kaby Lake features such as 4K graphics support. But what does Microsoft mean exactly by not supporting it? Will I be unable to patch my Windows 7 Kaby Lake PC? Who knows? I don’t. And neither does anyone else. Color me annoyed. I get why Microsoft wants to do this. Officially, it wants everyone singing “Kumbaya” around its more manageable, more secure, more everything-wonderful Windows 10. The real truth is that, free upgrades and all, Microsoft hasn’t been able to hit its goal of 1 billion Windows 10 users by 2018. Windows 10 has been adopted faster than any other version of Windows to date, but that’s not what Microsoft wanted. So, instead of trying more carrots — say, offering free upgrades again — Microsoft is resorting to the stick: You will run Windows 10 on new machines or nothing. Thanks, Microsoft. Thanks a lot. This just makes me glad that I’m a desktop Linux user. Linux, you see, will support the newest chips. Chromebook users can also look forward to running the fastest chips. Windows 7 and 8.1 users? Not so much. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Windows 10 Microsoft Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols has been writing about technology and the business of technology since CP/M-80 was the cutting-edge PC operating system, 300bps was a fast Internet connection, WordStar was the state-of-the-art word processor, and we liked it! 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Opinion by Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols Previous Next Clueless CIO cloud confusion continues Windows 10 runs again — but for how long? I want out of Windows patch hell AirPods: Just as bad as you thought they’d be Currently reading I don’t like being force-fed Windows 10 Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Would you subscribe to Windows? I don’t want to be LinkedIn with Microsoft Is Oracle cooking its cloud books? Oracle’s API stance would be silly if it weren’t so dangerous Oracle v. Google, and the end of programming as we know it Pausing on the PC death march Don’t be surprised when Microsoft Android shows up Malware is getting nastier, but that shouldn’t matter Nest’s Revolv and the Internet of Broken Things Is Apple rotting? Microsoft uses the force: You WILL upgrade to Windows 10 Why an Apple victory against the FBI would be a win for all of us There’s something fishy about those Windows 10 market-share numbers Living the CES security farce Security theater comes to CES The dying technologies of 2016 Yesterday’s technologies, today’s problems How bad a boss is Linus Torvalds? Microsoft doesn’t need Windows anymore Lies, damned lies and benchmarks Windows 10, the stealth OS Adobe Flash: Kill it now Oracle, still clueless about security I’m going to say no to the new MacBook Pro Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources Video/Webcast Sponsored Issues and Priorities in Modern Workload Automation: Supporting Analytics, Continuous Delivery and Digital Transformation White Paper Add Firm Ground to the Cloud White Paper Gartner Magic Quadrant for Application Security Testing White Paper Is Your IT Infrastructure Roadmap Meeting Your Evolving Business Strategy? Video/Webcast Sponsored The Cyber Security at Your Company is at Risk Go Top Stories Apple offers to repair iPhone 6 Plus devices with 'touch disease' Apple is offering to repair at a reduced price iPhone 6 Plus smartphones with display flickering or... Tech skills earning the highest cash premiums -- no certification required Some employers pay cash premiums to their tech professionals for specific hot skills and... Will Trump let China beat the U.S. in supercomputing? China and the U.S. are in a race to build bigger and faster supercomputers. Will the Trump... Going back to a small phone is a really big deal Some reflections on size and our most personal handheld gizmos. Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Fri, Nov 18, 2016 | Updated 11.30 PM IST HI, Follow Us: MY PROFILE NEWSLETTER LOGOUT SIGN INFollow Us: Gadgets Now Gadgets Now TOI Home News Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets You may soon get Jio SIM delivered at your doorstep UK's Three mobile network targeted by hacking attack MTNL under 'serious' debt: Government Self-driving cars raise concerns about data privacy Debit card hack under forensic probe, says government IDC Herzliya signs MoU with SP Jain technology school for cybersecurity training No proposal for action against COAI over non-participation in Trai meet Global LED technology expo to be held in Delhi during December 2-4 Electric vehicle startup GMW helping companies make faster product deliveries IITs eye core sectors like finance, technology for this year's placements FOLLOW US shop FOLLOW US Gadgets Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Reviews FOLLOW US compare Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Slideshows FOLLOW US Videos FOLLOW US Brands Apple Samsung Google Sony HTC Karbonn LG Micromax Microsoft OnePlus Oppo Spice Xiaomi Acer HP InFocus Lenovo Dell FOLLOW US Checklist How To FOLLOW US Featured FOLLOW US infocus Specials ALL ShopGadgets Gadgets Now » News » Tech News Intel acquires computer-vision hardware maker Movidius In its bid to play a leading role in giving human-like sight to the 50 billion connected devices that are projected by 2020, Intel has acquired San Mateo-headquartered computer vision hardware-maker Movidius.IANS | Updated: Sep 6, 2016, 06.16 PM IST NEW YORK: In its bid to play a leading role in giving human-like sight to the 50 billion connected devices that are projected by 2020, Intel has acquired San Mateo-headquartered computer vision hardware-maker Movidius. "I'm excited to announce our pending acquisition of Movidius. With Movidius, Intel gains low-power, high-performance SoC (System on a Chip) platforms for accelerating computer vision applications," Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel's New Technology Group said in a statement. Movidius is working with customers like Google and Lenovo to give sight to smart devices including drones, security cameras, AR/VR headsets and more. "Our leading VPU (Vision Processing Unit) platform for on-device vision processing combined with Intel's industry leading depth sensing solution (Intel RealSense Technology) is a winning combination for autonomous machines that can see in 3D," Movidius CEO Remi El-Ouazzane said in a separate statement. Computer vision enables machines to visually process and understand their surroundings. Intel's 7th generation 'Kaby Lake' processors launched Semiconductor giant Intel has unveiled its 7th generation Core processors. Developed for an immersive internet experience, the new generation of processors boast enhanced media media capabilities. The new line-up succeeds Intel’s 6th generation ‘Skylake’ processors, introduced in 2015. Upon integration, computer vision enables navigation and mapping, collision avoidance, tracking, object recognition, inspection analytics and more -- capabilities that are extremely compelling in emerging markets, Intel said. "We see massive potential for Movidius to accelerate our initiatives in new and emerging technologies," Walden said. The ability to track, navigate, map and recognise both scenes and objects using Movidius' low-power and high-performance SoCs opens opportunities in areas where heat, battery life and form factors are key. "Specifically, we will look to deploy the technology across our efforts in augmented, virtual and merged reality (AR/VR/MR), drones, robotics, digital security cameras and beyond," Walden noted. Other details of the transaction have not yet been made public. RELATED From around the web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia Comments Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message GADGETS NOW SHOP Latest News You may soon get Jio SIM delivered at your doorstep UK's Three mobile network targeted by hacking attack MTNL under 'serious' debt: Government Self-driving cars raise concerns about data privacy Debit card hack under forensic probe, says government From around the Web More From GadgetsNow Recommended By Colombia Most Popular Airtel to offer 10GB data for Rs 259 across India Apple CEO Tim Cook's letter to employees on Donald Trump's win WhatsApp starts rolling out video-calling feature Flipkart CEO’s response to Amazon’s No.1 claim These are the 'feared' security features of the Rs 2000 note Trai recommends Rs 3,050 crore penalty on Airtel, Vodafone, Idea for not providing interconnect to Reliance Jio Rs 500 & Rs 1000 ban: 'Good news' for phone buyers Apple sends out invites for October 27 event 'hello again', hints at new MacBooks and more WhatsApp launches video-calling feature for Android users Round 3 of Flipkart, Amazon ‘big sale’ announced Porn website Brazzers hacked, 800,000 user account details surface online Sistema plans to speed up investment in Indian startups PayPal and MasterCard join hands for in-store payments: WSJ European mobile payment companies prepared to take on competition from US Apple iPhone 7 units reportedly dispatched for global shipment Xiaomi Redmi 4 images leaked online, key processor specs detailed Volvo and Autoliv join hands to develop self-driving car software 180 Indian companies suffered 'ransomware' attacks so far this year: Report Rs 1000 crores Diwali loan boost for Snapdeal sellers 1Intel acquires computer-vision hardware maker Movidius 2Porn website Brazzers hacked, 800,000 user account details surface online 3Sistema plans to speed up investment in Indian startups 4PayPal and MasterCard join hands for in-store payments: WSJ 5European mobile payment companies prepared to take on competition from US 6Apple iPhone 7 units reportedly dispatched for global shipment 7Xiaomi Redmi 4 images leaked online, key processor specs detailed 8Volvo and Autoliv join hands to develop self-driving car software 9180 Indian companies suffered 'ransomware' attacks so far this year: Report 10Rs 1000 crores Diwali loan boost for Snapdeal sellers GADGETS NOW About Us Privacy policy RSS Return Policy Newsletter Sitemap Feedback Authors Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Popular Mobiles Google Pixel XL 32 GB Moto Z 64GB Moto Z Play 32GB Honor 8 Samsung Galaxy A9 Pro Lenovo K4 Note Lenovo K3 Note Oppo F1 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Mi 5S Lenovo Vibe K5 Lenovo Zuk Z1 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 Lenovo K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J2 OnePlus 3 Samsung Galaxy On7 OnePlus X Samsung Z3 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5 HTC Desire 826 Oppo R7 Upcoming Mobiles OKWU Pi Vivo Xplay6 Vivo X9 64 GB Vivo X9 128GB Vivo X9 OnePlus 3T 64 GB OnePlus 3T 128GB Vivo V5 Gionee S9 Huawei Mate 9 Pro Lava A76 Plus Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL Hyve Pryme Wileyfox Swift 2 Wileyfox Swift 2 Plus Moto M Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 16GB Xiaomi Redmi 4 Micromax Canvas Spark 4G ZTE CYMBAL-T Meizu Pro 6S Samsung W2017 Huawei Mate 9 Porsche Design Lenovo P2 32 GB Latest Mobiles Google Nexus 9 Coolpad Note 3 Redmi Note 3 Lenovo K4 Note Moto G4 Plus OnePlus X OnePlus 2 Lenovo Vibe S1 iPhone 6 Google Nexus 5 Mobile Phones Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Microsoft Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Google Mobiles Copyright © 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Intel acquires Movidius to let connected devices 'see' Intel acquires Movidius to let connected devices 'see' Source : Last Updated: Tue, Sep 06, 2016 18:00 hrs Tweet Mail Print New York, Sep 6 (IANS) In its bid to play a leading role in giving human-like sight to the 50 billion connected devices that are projected by 2020, Intel has acquired San Mateo-headquartered computer vision hardware-maker Movidius. "I'm excited to announce our pending acquisition of Movidius. With Movidius, Intel gains low-power, high-performance SoC (System on a Chip) platforms for accelerating computer vision applications," Josh Walden, Senior Vice President and General Manager of Intel's New Technology Group said in a statement. Movidius is working with customers like Google and Lenovo to give sight to smart devices including drones, security cameras, AR/VR headsets and more. "Our leading VPU (Vision Processing Unit) platform for on-device vision processing combined with Intel's industry leading depth sensing solution (Intel RealSense Technology) is a winning combination for autonomous machines that can see in 3D," Movidius CEO Remi El-Ouazzane said in a separate statement. Computer vision enables machines to visually process and understand their surroundings. Upon integration, computer vision enables navigation and mapping, collision avoidance, tracking, object recognition, inspection analytics and more -- capabilities that are extremely compelling in emerging markets, Intel said. "We see massive potential for Movidius to accelerate our initiatives in new and emerging technologies," Walden said. The ability to track, navigate, map and recognise both scenes and objects using Movidius' low-power and high-performance SoCs opens opportunities in areas where heat, battery life and form factors are key. "Specifically, we will look to deploy the technology across our efforts in augmented, virtual and merged reality (AR/VR/MR), drones, robotics, digital security cameras and beyond," Walden noted. Other details of the transaction have not yet been made public. --IANS gb/na/dg SEARCH About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
null
null
Trending: Video: Our holiday gift guide 2016 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: New MacBook Pro show-and-tell Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 7 reasons cloud migrations fail (free online course) What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet IT users review 6 software test management tools More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Emerging Technology Internet of Things News Intel buys Movidius to help bring computer vision to drones Intel hopes Movidius' expertise in low-power image-processing chips can help it into new markets By Peter Sayer | Follow Paris Bureau Chief, IDG News Service | Sep 6, 2016 3:53 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. A Movidius visual processing chip brings context to images. Credit: Movidius More like this Lenovo just signed a chip deal that points to a VR future Intel's Atom chips for cars and IoT could shed ugly mobile past Intel quietly kills its Project Tango smartphone, rethinks augmented reality Video How the Apple Watch copies Samsung and why you need to be scared Intel's RealSense computer vision platform has been lacking a low-powered way of recognizing what its depth-sensing cameras are seeing -- until now. The chip giant is buying Movidius, the designer of a range of system-on-chip products for accelerating computer vision processing. Movidius supplies chips to drone makers such as DJI and to thermal imaging company FLIR Systems, itself a supplier of DJI. Its chips help computers figure out what they are seeing through cameras like Intel's RealSense by breaking down the processing into a set of smaller tasks that they can execute in parallel. There are systems that already do this using GPUs, but those are relatively power-hungry, often consuming tens of watts. That's not a problem in fixed applications with access to mains electricity, or in cars, which have huge batteries and a way to recharge them. But in drones or other lightweight IoT devices, power consumption needs to be much lower. Movidius aims for a design power of around one watt with its Myriad 2 vision processing units. Having largely failed to get its Atom processors into smartphones, Intel is looking for ways to lever them into other devices, such as drones. Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel's New Technology Group, sees potential for Movidius to help it create systems for drones, and also for augmented, virtual and merged reality devices, robots and security cameras, he said in a post to the company's blog. It's not just about the chips, he said: Intel is also buying algorithms developed by Movidius for deep learning, depth processing, navigation and mapping, and natural interactions.   To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Internet of Things Mobile & Wireless Computer Processors Peter Sayer covers European public policy, artificial intelligence, the blockchain, and other technology breaking news for the IDG News Service. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by VMware AirWatch IoT Will Have a Big Impact on Enterprise Mobility Popular Resources eBook Sponsored Fast-Forward Business with IT Automation Video/Webcast Sponsored Issues and Priorities in Modern Workload Automation: Supporting Analytics, Continuous Delivery and Digital Transformation Video/Webcast Sponsored Is Your Case Management Strategy Helping or Hurting your Business Operations? Video/Webcast Sponsored Learn Best Practices From 22 Smart Cities White Paper Three Mistakes IT Makes That Could Cost Your Organization Millions Go Top Stories Apple offers to repair iPhone 6 Plus devices with 'touch disease' Apple is offering to repair at a reduced price iPhone 6 Plus smartphones with display flickering or... Tech skills earning the highest cash premiums -- no certification required Some employers pay cash premiums to their tech professionals for specific hot skills and... Will Trump let China beat the U.S. in supercomputing? China and the U.S. are in a race to build bigger and faster supercomputers. Will the Trump... Going back to a small phone is a really big deal Some reflections on size and our most personal handheld gizmos. Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: What Intel Corporation's Coffee Lake Means for Margins The company's new strategy may have been put in place to help preserve gross profit margins during a manufacturing transition. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Sep 6, 2016 at 7:13AM Image source: Intel.  Thanks to leaks from both PC Watchand DIGITIMES, we now know that microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) is planning to do something interesting with the products that it plans to launch for the personal computer market. For thin and light notebooks, these reports suggest that the company intends to transition to products built with the company's new 10-nanometer chip manufacturing technology, known as Cannon Lake. However, for higher-performance products -- such as higher-performance notebooks and desktop personal computers -- the company plans to build a fourth generation of products, known as Coffee Lake, on its more mature 14-nanometer technology. In this column, I'd like to explore the potential implications that this move could have on Intel's gross profit margins in the second half of 2017 to second half of 2018 time frame. Some background on Intel, manufacturing tech, and margins When Intel transitioned its personal computer product lines from its 22-nanometer technology to its 14-nanometer technology in 2015, the company's gross profit margins were negatively impacted. This was due to the fact that worse-than-expected manufacturing yields on its 14-nanometer manufacturing technology leading to increased product manufacturing costs generation over generation, as the following slide shows: Image source: Intel. Notice in the slide that in the "mainstream" and "value" segments of the personal computer chip market, Intel saw its costs rise significantly from the very low levels seen in 2014? This was due to the fact that Intel largely transitioned these product families from older 22-nanometer manufacturing technology to newer 14-nanometer technology. The "performance" segment actually saw costs remain flattish because the company didn't introduce desktop processors on 14-nanometer until the end of 2015; the company predicted that costs in this segment would surge in 2016 as product costs went up as a result of the 22-nanometer to 14-nanometer transition kicking in. With this background in mind, we can understand Intel's strategy vis-a-vis Coffee Lake and Cannon Lake. Partially offsetting the hit to mainstream by keeping performance 14-nanometer Beginning in late 2017 and extending through 2018 (so this discussion is centered around 2018 margins), Intel's mainstream product line will likely wholesale transition from 14-nanometer to 10-nanometer. I suspect that this will lead to an increase in product costs (I'm assuming that Intel's 10-nanometer yields won't be great out of the gate), diluting gross profit margins.  In terms of the slide above, I would expect 2018 mainstream product costs to tick up fairly significantly from where they will be in 2017. However, for the performance segment, I could see costs staying roughly flattish to 2017 levels (assuming that Coffee Lake doesn't add so much additional die area that it winds up ballooning product costs anyway). It's not clear what Intel's plan for the "value" segment is just yet. This segment is largely addressed by the company's Atom-based products sold under the Pentium and Celeron branding. In early 2015 these products transitioned to 14-nanometer and Intel recently released a new, second-generation Atom architecture. It took Intel roughly a year and a half to transition from the 22-nanometer Atom (launched in the third quarter of 2013) to the first 14-nanometer Atom (first quarter of 2015). It was also another year and a half to go from the first 14-nanometer Atom to the second 14-nanometer Atom product. Assuming that it takes Intel another year-and-a-half to transition Atom from 14-nanometer manufacturing to 10-nanometer manufacturing, we should expect the company to release 10-nanometer Atom-based processors for low-cost PCs in the first half of 2018. In this case, I would expect a negative impact to Intel's margins from that particular transition. All told 2018 might be a year in which Intel sees product costs increase (negatively impacting gross profit margins to some degree) as a result of the 10-nanometer transition, but by keeping a large portion of its shipments on 14-nanometer, it can soften that blow quite a bit.  Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Sep 6, 2016 at 7:13AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.79 down $0.23 (-0.66%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Intel Corporation's Internet of Things Business Delivers Strong Growth Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Intel Corporation Is Preparing a Core i3 7350K Gaming Chip Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
null
null
null
null
ITProPortal Search RSS News Features Analysis Guides Reviews Categories Business Hardware Security Software Mobile Enterprise Cloud Networks Public Sector Startups Web Intel to acquire Movidius for its compact computer vision chips By Anthony Spadafora Intel has announced its pending acquisition of compact computer vision chip maker Movidius. Shares Intel today announced its plans to acquire the chip manufacturer Movidius that focuses on developing integrated system-on-chip solutions for both machine learning and computer vision. Movidius has already made a name for itself by developing compact chips that are already being used in DJI's Phantom 4 drones.  The company has also worked with Lenovo in the past and a dedicated VR headset using its chips was quite close to being released earlier this year. At the Intel Developer Forum in August, Intel revealed its plan to develop Project Alloy, a fully cordless VR headset that utilises depth-sensing cameras.  The headset is still in development with plans for it to be released at the earliest in mid-2017.  Acquiring Movidius and its chips could very well give Intel a leg up on the competition when it comes to powering the technology that will make Project Alloy possible. The combination of Intel's depth-sensing cameras and Mobvius' low power machine-learning hardware could result in the creation of small devices capable of taking advantage of advanced augmented reality.  The merger of these two technologies could also result in a number of advancements in self-navigating drones, robots or even cars. The Senior Vice President and General Manager of Intel's New Technology Group, Josh Walden offered insight into Intel's plans for Movidius' technology in a company blog post, saying: “we will look to deploy the technology across our efforts in augmented, virtual and merged reality, drones, robotics, digital security cameras and beyond.” Movidius' CEO Remi El-Ouazzane was also enthusiastic about what could be accomplished through the combination of the company's tech and Intel's, saying: “our leading VPU (Vision Processing Unit) platform for on-device vision processing combined with Intel's industry leading depth sensing solution (Intel RealSense technology) is a winning combination for autonomous machines that can see in 3D, understand their surroundings and navigate accordingly.” The acquisition is still pending at this point but it seems that Intel and Movidius are eager to see what could be accomplished through a combination of their technologies.  Image Credit: Ken Wolter / Shutterstock ABOUT THE AUTHOR Anthony Spadafora Anthony currently resides in South Korea where he teaches and experiences Korean technological advances first hand. Topics Mobvius chip manufacturer machine learning acquisition intel realsense Load Comments GET YOUR FREE eBOOK: LEARNING DOCKER worth £32.38 Join over 7000 ITProPortal subscribers! Sign up for the ITProPortal newsletter to get this FREE 240 page eBook. + All the latest tech rumours, pre-release news, reviews & deals GET MY FREE eBOOK No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 How to insert a tick or a cross symbol in Microsoft Word and Excel 2 How to start page numbering from a specific page in Word 3 Be warned: Sage scam invoice email is doing the rounds 4 How to tell if you've been hit by a DDoS attack, and 5 ways to be prepared 5 The top enterprise firewalls of 2015 1 Cloud as a security benefit 2 IT pros losing steam against cybercrime 3 A third of world's websites might be in trouble early next year 4 Fujitsu bolsters EMEIA defences with new cyber security business 5 fog computing what businesses need to know ITProPortal is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
null
null
News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video 5G World TV Intelligence Back About Intelligence White Papers Industry Survey Reports Magazines Polls Webinars Back Current Webinars Webinar Archive Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Media Information Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video 5G World TV Intelligence Back About Intelligence White Papers Industry Survey Reports Magazines Polls Webinars Back Current Webinars Webinar Archive Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Media Information Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB Telecoms.com news Intel buys into VR and computer vision and drones with Movidius Written by Scott Bicheno 06 September 2016 @ 11:48 US chip giant Intel is continuing its diversification drive with the acquisition of computer vision specialist Movidius for an undisclosed sum, to boost its VR and drone capabilities. Intel has been desperate to hedge its bets beyond the PC and server chip sectors for some time, with its bid to take on ARM in the mobile space famously not going as well as it would have hoped. At its recent IDF event Intel went big on AI and general futuristic cleverness, also announcing a bunch of tools for its RealSense computer vision platform, a camera module designed to enable devices to perceive their immediate environment and react to it. This is the part of the business Intel has in mind for Movidius, where the combined technologies will be used to make things like drones, virtual reality, robots, etc cleverer. More broadly, as you can see from the Intel slide below, this fits into ‘things’ as opposed to ‘cloud’ which seems to be how Intel broadly subdivides its business these days. We see massive potential for Movidius to accelerate our initiatives in new and emerging technologies,” blogged GM of Intel’s New Technology Group Josh Walden. “The ability to track, navigate, map and recognize both scenes and objects using Movidius’ low-power and high-performance SoCs opens opportunities in areas where heat, battery life and form factors are key. “Specifically, we will look to deploy the technology across our efforts in augmented, virtual and merged reality (AR/VR/MR), drones, robotics, digital security cameras and beyond. Movidius’ market-leading family of computer vision SoCs complements Intel’s RealSense offerings in addition to our broader IP and product roadmap. “Computer vision will trigger a Cambrian explosion of compute, with Intel at the forefront of this new wave of computing, enabled by RealSense in conjunction with Movidius and our full suite of perceptual computing technologies.” Interesting choice of analogy there Josh. The Cambrian explosion was a primordial event during which the evolution of life on earth significantly accelerated and prior to which only the most primitive organisms existed. Considering Intel has been one of the most significant companies of the computing industry to date, the inference that it presided over a period that amounts to little more than Proterzoic slime is a tad unfortunate. “When computers can see, they can become autonomous and that’s just the beginning,” wrote Movidius CEO Remi El-Ouazzanne. “We’re on the cusp of big breakthroughs in artificial intelligence. In the years ahead, we’ll see new types of autonomous machines with more advanced capabilities as we make progress on one of the most difficult challenges of AI: getting our devices not just to see, but also to think.” Impressive claims, if a bit portentous in a Terminator/Matrix kind of way. Movidius had previously been working with the likes of Google on bringing AI and computer vision to mobile devices and this could be a way for Intel to get back into that game through another route. It’s certainly not being shy on the M&A front, but piecing all these components together into a coherent AI/VR/[insert futuristic abbreviation here] proposition won’t be easy. Tags: acquisition, AI, computer vision, drones, featured, Intel, Movidius, VR Leave a comment Cancel reply Connect with: -or- Log in with your Telecoms.com account Alternatively, post a comment by completing the form below: Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Related Content Six million Three customers at risk following hack UK passes Orwellian Snooper's Charter How did Europe’s top 5 telcos measure up over Q3? Intel makes $250 million bet on autonomous cars Webinars View all Progress Report: Where are the CSPs with the Digital Service Provider transformation? 15 November 2016 White Papers View all The African Market Outlook 2016 Share 3 days ago Multi-billion dollar market opportunities may be lost unless Next Generation Broadband meets Seven Key Challenges Share 3 days ago Telecoms.com eBook: AI in CEM – the opportunity for telcos Share 8 days ago Events View all Internet of Things World 21-22 November 2016 View Event Japan Internet Week 2016 29 November - 02 December 2016 View Event Smart Cities Summit 06-07 December 2016 View Event Polls View all Which cloud provider has impressed you most over the last six months? AWS Microsoft Azure Google Cloud IBM Other  Loading ... Twitter View all #Salesforce summer spending spree succeeds https://t.co/TzD487yXu0 #cloud #acquisitions #artificialintelligence 18 November 2016 @ 13:40:02 UTC #LTE isn't good enough for critical communications yet hhttps://t.co/TtmJiwaJY6##broadband##mobilebroadband 18 November 2016 @ 12:35:54 UTC Address: Telecoms.com, 5 Howick Place, London, UK, SW1P 1WG ©Telecoms.com 2016. All rights reserved. Privacy & Cookies About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Connect with us: Websites are now required by law to gain your consent before applying cookies. We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. Parts of the website may not work as expected without them. By closing or ignoring this message, you are consenting to our use of cookies. X
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Sat,  19 November 2016 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   1STPRIMFMF 8.50   -0.10 -1.16%   AAMRATECH 25.80   -0.10 -0.39%   ABB1STMF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   ABBANK 19.40   1.70 9.60%   ACI   1.10   ACIFORMULA 157.30   1.30 0.83%   ACMELAB 102.90   -0.10 -0.10%   ACTIVEFINE 39.20   0.30 0.77%   AFCAGRO 45.70   0.70 1.56%   AFTABAUTO 56.50   0.30 0.53%   AGNISYSL 18.60   0.30 1.64%   AGRANINS 17.20   -0.50 -2.82%   AIBL1STIMF 8.00   0.00 0.00%   AL-HAJTEX 94.50   -0.90 -0.94%   ALARABANK 15.20   0.10 0.66%   ALLTEX 9.30   0.70 8.14%   AMBEEPHA 442.00   4.40 1.01%   ANLIMAYARN 26.70   0.50 1.91%   ANWARGALV 73.00   5.10 7.51%   APEXFOOT 359.20   -4.70 -1.29%   APEXTANRY 124.50   2.10 1.72%   APOLOISPAT 16.00   -0.10 -0.62%   ARGONDENIM 28.00   -0.10 -0.36%   ASIAINS 16.40   -0.20 -1.20%   ASIAPACINS 16.30   -0.10 -0.61%   ATCSLGF 10.40   0.10 0.97%   ATLASBANG 112.20   -0.50 -0.44%   AZIZPIPES 61.80   -5.40 -8.04%   BANGAS 121.90   11.00 9.92%   BANKASIA 17.70   0.30 1.72%   BATASHOE 1175.00   -4.70 -0.40%   BATBC   14.20   BAYLEASING 20.40   0.20 0.99%   BBS   -1.90   BDFINANCE 10.30   0.30 3.00%   BDLAMPS 171.00   0.20 0.12%   BDTHAI 22.40   -0.30 -1.32%   BDWELDING 9.10   0.10 1.11%   BEACHHATCH 8.30   -0.20 -2.35%   BEACONPHAR 18.80   0.00 0.00%   BERGERPBL 2350.00   -50.00 -2.08%   BEXIMCO 22.30   0.10 0.45%   BGIC   -0.10   BIFC   0.00   BNICL   -0.80   BRACBANK 65.80   -0.10 -0.15%   BRACSCBOND 1040.00   10.00 0.97%   BSC   -2.90   BSCCL   -0.70   BSRMLTD 140.60   -0.30 -0.21%   BSRMSTEEL 94.70   0.60 0.64%   BXPHARMA 81.90   0.10 0.12%   BXSYNTH 5.80   -0.10 -1.69%   CENTRALINS 17.20   0.40 2.38%   CITYBANK 23.50   0.20 0.86%   CITYGENINS 14.60   -0.50 -3.31%   CMCKAMAL 14.70   0.80 5.76%   CNATEX 8.00   0.10 1.27%   CONFIDCEM 109.00   -5.60 -4.89%   CONTININS 16.50   -0.50 -2.94%   CVOPRL 194.00   0.70 0.36%   DACCADYE 6.90   0.10 1.47%   DAFODILCOM 33.70   0.10 0.30%   DBH   0.10   DBH1STMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   DELTALIFE 99.30   -1.20 -1.19%   DELTASPINN 8.30   -0.20 -2.35%   DESHBANDHU 8.30   -0.20 -2.35%   DHAKABANK 16.20   0.10 0.62%   DHAKAINS 20.60   0.60 3.00%   DOREENPWR 113.70   0.50 0.44%   DSSL   1.00   DULAMIACOT 7.70   0.70 10.00%   DUTCHBANGL 106.10   -0.40 -0.38%   EASTERNINS 24.30   0.50 2.10%   EASTLAND 20.50   -0.30 -1.44%   EASTRNLUB 908.90   -27.70 -2.96%   EBL   -0.10   EBL1STMF 5.00   -0.20 -3.85%   EBLNRBMF 4.70   0.10 2.17%   ECABLES 142.00   -1.60 -1.11%   EHL   -0.70   EMERALDOIL 33.70   0.10 0.30%   ENVOYTEX 36.60   0.50 1.39%   ETL   -0.60   EXIM1STMF 6.60   0.10 1.54%   EXIMBANK 10.80   0.20 1.89%   FAMILYTEX 8.00   0.30 3.90%   FARCHEM 19.50   0.20 1.04%   FAREASTFIN 9.70   -0.10 -1.02%   FAREASTLIF 64.00   0.10 0.16%   FASFIN 11.40   -0.10 -0.87%   FBFIF   0.10   FEDERALINS 10.10   -0.30 -2.88%   FEKDIL 22.30   -0.40 -1.76%   FINEFOODS 19.80   0.00 0.00%   FIRSTFIN 7.00   0.10 1.45%   FIRSTSBANK 12.20   0.20 1.67%   FORTUNE 46.40   3.10 7.16%   FUWANGCER 14.20   0.80 5.97%   FUWANGFOOD 12.70   0.40 3.25%   GBBPOWER 15.00   0.30 2.04%   GEMINISEA 780.60   -10.90 -1.38%   GENNEXT 6.90   0.10 1.47%   GHAIL   -1.00   GHCL   -0.30   GLAXOSMITH 1565.20   -3.00 -0.19%   GLOBALINS 13.00   0.10 0.78%   GOLDENSON 15.40   0.20 1.32%   GP   3.20   GPHISPAT 29.00   0.50 1.75%   GRAMEENS2 10.50   0.10 0.96%   GREENDELMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELT 46.60   -0.20 -0.43%   GSPFINANCE 20.40   0.30 1.49%   HEIDELBCEM 545.00   -0.20 -0.04%   HFL   -0.40   HRTEX   0.40   IBBLPBOND 972.00   4.00 0.41%   IBNSINA 211.90   0.20 0.09%   ICB   -0.70   ICB1STNRB 18.90   0.20 1.07%   ICB2NDNRB 7.80   -0.10 -1.27%   ICB3RDNRB 4.40   -0.10 -2.22%   ICBAMCL2ND 5.20   -0.10 -1.89%   ICBEPMF1S1 6.00   0.10 1.69%   ICBIBANK 4.00   0.00 0.00%   ICBSONALI1 6.00   0.00 0.00%   IDLC   0.40   IFIC   1.00   IFIC1STMF 4.80   0.00 0.00%   IFILISLMF1 6.60   -0.10 -1.49%   ILFSL   0.00   IMAMBUTTON 10.60   0.00 0.00%   INTECH 11.70   0.30 2.63%   IPDC   -0.30   ISLAMIBANK 30.30   0.90 3.06%   ISLAMICFIN 15.70   0.20 1.29%   ISLAMIINS 17.30   0.10 0.58%   ISNLTD 12.90   0.40 3.20%   ITC   -0.50   JAMUNABANK 14.60   0.20 1.39%   JAMUNAOIL 192.70   -0.20 -0.10%   JANATAINS 12.40   -0.40 -3.13%   JMISMDL 156.00   -1.10 -0.70%   JUTESPINN 54.20   0.70 1.31%   KARNAPHULI 14.30   0.10 0.70%   KAY&QUE 26.00   -2.50 -8.77%   KBPPWBIL 17.10   -0.10 -0.58%   KDSALTD 66.20   0.40 0.61%   KEYACOSMET 10.00   0.20 2.04%   KOHINOOR 432.00   -4.00 -0.92%   KPCL   0.20   KPPL   -0.10   LEGACYFOOT 18.40   0.10 0.55%   LINDEBD 1343.00   0.60 0.04%   LRGLOBMF1 6.70   0.10 1.52%   MAKSONSPIN 7.00   0.00 0.00%   MALEKSPIN 15.40   0.00 0.00%   MARICO 1212.10   -24.40 -1.97%   MATINSPINN 37.40   0.90 2.47%   MBL1STMF 7.00   0.00 0.00%   MEGCONMILK 7.00   0.10 1.45%   MEGHNACEM 91.10   -2.90 -3.09%   MEGHNALIFE 53.10   0.10 0.19%   MEGHNAPET 5.40   0.00 0.00%   MERCANBANK 14.30   0.30 2.14%   MERCINS 14.00   -0.10 -0.71%   METROSPIN 6.40   0.10 1.59%   MHSML   0.20   MIDASFIN 22.80   -2.20 -8.80%   MIRACLEIND 37.80   -1.10 -2.83%   MITHUNKNIT 67.40   5.00 8.01%   MJLBD   -0.90   MODERNDYE 182.60   -5.30 -2.82%   MONNOCERA 36.30   0.50 1.40%   MONNOSTAF 589.10   6.00 1.03%   MPETROLEUM 181.70   -0.40 -0.22%   MTB   0.10   NATLIFEINS 173.80   0.30 0.17%   NAVANACNG 56.60   -0.80 -1.39%   NBL   -0.10   NCCBANK 10.80   0.30 2.86%   NCCBLMF1 6.80   0.00 0.00%   NFML   0.00   NHFIL   -0.20   NITOLINS 21.40   -0.30 -1.38%   NORTHERN 219.00   19.90 9.99%   NORTHRNINS 18.70   -0.40 -2.09%   NTC   0.80   NTLTUBES 126.40   -3.20 -2.47%   OAL   0.30   OLYMPIC 309.90   1.20 0.39%   ONEBANKLTD 15.10   0.30 2.03%   ORIONINFU 59.20   -0.80 -1.33%   ORIONPHARM 40.20   -0.70 -1.71%   PADMALIFE 22.80   0.20 0.88%   PADMAOIL 186.10   -0.30 -0.16%   PARAMOUNT 19.80   0.50 2.59%   PENINSULA 24.20   -0.20 -0.82%   PEOPLESINS 16.60   0.00 0.00%   PF1STMF 4.60   0.00 0.00%   PHARMAID 246.00   0.00 0.00%   PHENIXINS 22.30   0.60 2.76%   PHOENIXFIN 24.50   0.20 0.82%   PHPMF1 4.30   -0.10 -2.27%   PIONEERINS 29.40   -0.10 -0.34%   PLFSL   0.00   POPULAR1MF 4.50   0.10 2.27%   POPULARLIF 68.70   -0.40 -0.58%   POWERGRID 54.90   -0.30 -0.54%   PRAGATIINS 25.90   0.40 1.57%   PRAGATILIF 87.70   -0.40 -0.45%   PREMIERBAN 9.20   0.10 1.10%   PREMIERCEM 83.60   -0.90 -1.07%   PREMIERLEA 10.10   -0.10 -0.98%   PRIME1ICBA 5.00   -0.10 -1.96%   PRIMEBANK 15.50   0.40 2.65%   PRIMEFIN 8.10   0.10 1.25%   PRIMEINSUR 17.10   0.40 2.40%   PRIMELIFE 57.50   -0.80 -1.37%   PRIMETEX 22.10   -0.40 -1.78%   PROGRESLIF 50.00   0.80 1.63%   PROVATIINS 14.30   -0.40 -2.72%   PTL   0.20   PUBALIBANK 19.90   0.00 0.00%   PURABIGEN 16.40   -0.10 -0.61%   QSMDRYCELL 100.40   1.80 1.83%   RAHIMAFOOD 84.60   -1.40 -1.63%   RAHIMTEXT 233.80   2.70 1.17%   RAKCERAMIC 61.80   2.80 4.75%   RDFOOD 15.60   -0.50 -3.11%   RECKITTBEN 1590.00   9.50 0.60%   REGENTTEX 12.90   -0.20 -1.53%   RELIANCE1 7.90   0.00 0.00%   RELIANCINS 46.10   -0.30 -0.65%   RENATA 1094.00   1.70 0.16%   REPUBLIC 16.70   -0.10 -0.60%   RNSPIN 17.10   -0.30 -1.72%   RSRMSTEEL 48.20   2.10 4.56%   RUPALIBANK 26.80   0.90 3.47%   RUPALIINS 17.40   0.10 0.58%   RUPALILIFE 36.70   0.90 2.51%   SAFKOSPINN 11.40   -0.10 -0.87%   SAIFPOWER 48.00   -12.60 -20.79%   SAIHAMTEX 13.90   0.20 1.46%   SALAMCRST 27.60   0.40 1.47%   SALVOCHEM 13.50   0.10 0.75%   SAMATALETH 24.00   -0.30 -1.23%   SAMORITA 62.40   0.50 0.81%   SANDHANINS 29.80   0.60 2.05%   SAPORTL 39.40   0.40 1.03%   SEBL1STMF 11.70   0.00 0.00%   SEMLLECMF 9.70   0.40 4.30%   SHAHJABANK 13.80   0.10 0.73%   SHASHADNIM 62.00   -1.00 -1.59%   SIBL   0.00   SIMTEX 20.50   0.50 2.50%   SINGERBD 182.80   -0.10 -0.05%   SINOBANGLA 23.60   0.30 1.29%   SONALIANSH 194.00   0.60 0.31%   SONARBAINS 15.10   -0.20 -1.31%   SONARGAON 8.70   0.00 0.00%   SOUTHEASTB 17.50   0.50 2.94%   SPCERAMICS 8.10   0.20 2.53%   SPCL   -1.20   SQUARETEXT 65.20   -0.60 -0.91%   SQURPHARMA 246.00   -1.70 -0.69%   STANDARINS 17.50   -0.50 -2.78%   STANDBANKL 10.40   0.40 4.00%   STYLECRAFT 1620.00   10.50 0.65%   SUMITPOWER 34.60   0.70 2.06%   SUNLIFEINS 18.00   0.20 1.12%   TAKAFULINS 18.00   -0.20 -1.10%   TALLUSPIN 8.30   0.20 2.47%   TOSRIFA 17.50   -0.30 -1.69%   TRUSTB1MF 4.80   -0.10 -2.04%   TRUSTBANK 23.50   0.40 1.73%   TUNGHAI 10.60   -0.10 -0.93%   UCB   0.20   UNIONCAP 13.00   0.40 3.17%   UNIQUEHRL 40.00   1.20 3.09%   UNITEDAIR 4.60   0.00 0.00%   UNITEDFIN 20.50   0.30 1.49%   UNITEDINS 24.60   0.10 0.41%   UPGDCL 142.40   0.60 0.42%   USMANIAGL 93.00   2.00 2.20%   UTTARABANK 23.60   -0.20 -0.84%   UTTARAFIN 58.00   -0.40 -0.68%   VAMLBDMF1 8.90   0.10 1.14%   WATACHEM 162.00   5.80 3.71%   WMSHIPYARD 24.80   -0.20 -0.80%   ZAHEENSPIN 15.30   0.20 1.32%   ZAHINTEX 15.20   -0.10 -0.65%   Latest News Overvalued taka stirs up worries Camera installation in Sundarbans begins soon Govt to distribute 362.2m free textbooks among students CI seizes contraband cigarettes at HSIA Streamlining hospitals and clinics Memorial meeting recalls R P Saha's contribution CU golden jubilee celebrations start 25 stranded BD workers return from Afghanistan Repatriate Bangabandhu killers, Nasim to Trump Quader terms Khaleda's EC proposals hollow Banding together in anti-tobacco battle TIME - 12:01 am National Camera installation in Sundarbans begins soon Economy France cuts 2016 growth target to 1.4pc World Scots, Welsh can have say in Brexit court Stock Stocks stay positive for 3rd consecutive week Crackdown on tax evasion from imported goods soon TOP NEWS Mexican central bank ups interest rates to endure Trump   BD occupies 124th spot in UN e-government survey Fake news has power to destroy democracy: Obama Khaleda prioritises on ‘consensus’ to form next EC NATO 'absolutely confident' of Trump leadership in alliance Trump offers security adviser job to Flynn 73 die in Mozambique tanker blast Abe has ‘great confidence in Trump’ Oil prices drop Asian shares tremble Govt to distribute 362.2m free textbooks among students November 18, 2016, 10:38 pm The government will distribute 36,21,82,245 textbooks for free of cost among the primary and secondary level students in the academic year 2017, reports BSS. The free textbooks will be distributed among 4,26,35,929 pre-primary, primary, secondary, ibtedayi, dakhil, dakhil vocational, SSC vocational, Read more CI seizes contraband cigarettes at HSIA November 18, 2016, 10:37 pm Customs Intelligence (CI) recovered on Friday 187 cartons of contraband cigarette worth Tk 1.15 million from a passenger at the Hazrat Shahjalal International Airport (HSIA) in the city. The passenger was identified as Amzad Ali, who came to Dhaka from Dubai Read more Economy Fed could raise interest rates ‘soon’: Yellen  The chair of the US Federal Reserve, Janet Yellen, has indicated that it could raise interest rates "relatively soon". She said this on Thursday in Congressional testimony that included a pledge BIDA bids to improve doing business rankings November 17, 2016, 11:25 pm US factory production rise in Oct November 17, 2016, 12:57 pm ‘Govt plans to reduce fuel oil prices soon’ November 17, 2016, 7:50 pm Inbound travelling drops in Q1 November 17, 2016, 6:45 pm Tofail flogs Pakistan for 'absurd' claim November 16, 2016, 6:33 pm Finance Banks struggling to hit turnover heights The listed banks have failed for the fourth consecutive year to regain the top position in the turnover board of the country's both bourses although over five years have already elapsed since the last stock market debacle. Banks used to dominate Business leaders want gradual opening up of capital account Classified loans leap to Tk 143.60b in 9 months Call to increase budget allocation for child-related initiatives MoF demands Tk 30b for credit underwriting Editorial Streamlining hospitals and clinics The rush of an estimated 0.70 million patients every year Streamlining hospitals and clinics The rush of an estimated 0.70 million patients every year Op-Ed Reserve 40 per cent seats for women and children MOVEMENT of common people in capital Dhaka has turned out Reserve 40 per cent seats for women and children MOVEMENT of common people in capital Dhaka has turned out Women's Entrepreneurship Day, 2016 ENTREPRENEURS are the vanguards of progress as they are the Women's Entrepreneurship Day, 2016 ENTREPRENEURS are the vanguards of progress as they are the Missing the pulse Beyond the bickering, nastiness and stomach turning rhetoric, politicians have Missing the pulse Beyond the bickering, nastiness and stomach turning rhetoric, politicians have Stock SE Asia stocks mostly fall  Most Southeast Asian stock markets fell on Friday, in line with boarder Asia, after US Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen's China stocks edge lower Nikkei share rises to 10-1/2-month high US stocks rise; bank stocks gain Stocks extend winning spell for third day AB Bank emerges as turnover leader on DSE Persistent buy pressure pushes market to the green Hong Kong shares up slightly  Hong Kong stocks flat  National 25 stranded BD workers return from Afghanistan Some 25 Bangladeshi workers, who had been stranded in Afghanistan for nearly one year, returned home on Thursday. The government in association with International Organisation for Migration (IOM) repatriated the workers.       The workers had lost their jobs only after two months of joining, and were forced to stay in an inhumane condition at Afghan Folad Steel Mill Co Ltd in Herat Envoy urges world to continue supporting Afghanistan Bangabandhu Satellite wins ITU award War criminal Yusuf Ali dies  High land price dents garment village dream BNP to contest N'ganj city polls Work on 55-km road linking Padma Bridge begins JS body suggests dope test for students Two more PWs testify in Kibria killing case Trade and Market BMW, Baidu joint project on self-driving cars breaks down German automaker BMW and Chinese internet giant Baidu will end their joint research on self-driving cars, executives for the two firms said on Friday, with Baidu now searching for new global research partners. Wang Jing, the head of autonomous car development at Baidu, told Reuters the company was now using cars from Ford's Lincoln in its US testing, declining to elaborate. "I'm Fiat Chrysler teams up with Amazon to sell cars online Chinese yuan weakens to lowest level in eight years BGMEA settled 9,670 complaints thru ADR since 1998 Indian farmers fear lost crops and income after 'black money' move VW announces massive job cuts Gold drops to 5-1/2-month low  Tesla gets approval for $2.6b SolarCity takeover PL in record $700m Chinese TV rights deal World Tanker explosion claims 73 lives in Mozambique JOHANNESBURG, Nov 18 (AP): A fuel tanker exploded in northern Mozambique as residents gathered around to buy fuel from the driver on Thursday, killing 73 people and injuring 110 others, Mozambican media reported. Dozens of charred bodies were scattered around the blast site in the town of Caphiridzange in Tete province, and government officials believed more bodies might be in surrounding woods, Radio Mozambique reported. Some badly burned people had tried to run into a nearby river, the radio said. A truck ... Syria army intensify Aleppo air campaign Iraqi forces advance into Mosul under fire Pakistan navy "pushed" Indian submarine clear of its waters Sci-tech SpaceX aims to launch internet from space Private rocket firm SpaceX has applied for government permission to launch satellites that will provide global broadband internet access, reports Bangabandhu Satellite wins ITU award Whitson becomes oldest woman in space  Hidden ocean found on Pluto Education CU golden jubilee celebrations start CHITTAGONG, Nov 18: A two-day programme marking the golden jubilee of Chittagong University (CU) started on Friday amid much pomp and grandeur. Chittagong University started its journey with only six departments on November 18, 1966. On the occasion, the administrative building, central library and offices have been decorated and illuminated. As many as 35,000 students, both former and current, are expected to take part in the programme in the city and university campus. The day's programme started with a colourful procession of former ... BUP holds seminar on economic development Less taking primary school certificate test this year UGC declares certificates by 18 private universities illegal   Sports Vikings back in winning streak beating Kings by 19 runs CHITTAGONG, Nov 18 (UNB): After four successive defeats in the 4th Bangladesh Premier League, Chittagong Vikings bounced back with a Shami shatters Cook’s stump in early blow Du Plessis charged by ICC PL in record $700m Chinese TV rights deal Health Japan sets 50pc price cut for cancer drug Japan's health ministry has set a 50 per cent cut in the price of Opdivo, a costly immune system-boosting cancer Awareness the main catalyst to control growth of diabetes World Diabetes Day being observed DGHS for stern steps against some clinics, hospitals in city Entertainment Mallika Sherawat punched, tear gassed in Paris Bollywood actress Mallika Sherawat has been punched and sprayed with tear gas by three masked attackers in an upmarket part Bob Dylan skipping Nobel ceremony Nation celebrates Nabanna International Folk Fest 2016 ends in city Politics Repatriate Bangabandhu killers, Nasim to Trump ... Quader terms Khaleda's EC proposals hollow Parties observe 40th death anniv of Bhasani AL local govt nomination board's meeting today Country Two bikers die after crash with truck Two motorcyclists were killed and three people were injured in a road crash at Jogdol Bazar in Panchagarh sadar upazila Missing youth found dead in Narail 26 Raigram village women change lot making 'Nakshi Kantha' Cultivation of short-duration Aman paddy on increase in N-region PHOTO GALLERY Industries Minister Amir Hossain Amu showing the GI (Geographical Indication) certificate, registered for Jamdani before handing it over to Bangladesh Small and Cottage Industries Corporation (BSCIC) Chairman Mustaq Hassan Md Iftekhar at the conference room of the ministry on Thursday. – PID photo Two foreigners along with a Bangladeshi literature buff going through a book at a stall at Bangla Academy premises on Thursday – the first day of the 3-day Dhaka LiT Fest. – FE photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina waves from the VVIP lounge of Dhaka’s Hazrat Shahjalal (RA) International Airport upon her arrival from Morocco on Thursday after attending two high level segments of COP-22 in Marrakech. – Focus Bangla photo Chief of Army Staff of the Nepali Army General Rajendra Chhetri called on President Abdul Hamid at Bangabhaban on Wednesday. - PID Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina delivers her speech at the UN Climate Change Conference (COP-22) at Bab Ighli in the Moroccan city of Marrakech. – Focus Bangla more news Memorial meeting recalls R P Saha's contribution November 18, 2016, 10:37 pm Banding together in anti-tobacco battle November 18, 2016, 9:22 pm The necessity of leisure and recreation November 18, 2016, 9:21 pm The task that lies ahead November 18, 2016, 9:20 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 114 ISSUES DECLINED 80 Most popular 73 die in Mozambique tanker blast November 18, 2016, 10:47 am Banks struggling to hit turnover heights November 18, 2016, 12:34 am Oil prices drop November 18, 2016, 11:21 am Work on 55-km road linking Padma Bridge begins November 18, 2016, 12:31 am High land price dents garment village dream November 18, 2016, 12:36 am Thrust on journos unity November 18, 2016, 12:28 am Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG NORTHERN 199.10 219.00 208.80 219.00 10.00 DSSL 10.30 11.30 11.30 11.30 9.71 ABBANK 17.70 19.40 17.70 19.40 9.60 MITHUNKNIT 62.40 67.40 61.00 66.80 7.05 ANWARGALV 67.90 73.00 68.50 72.50 6.78 FORTUNE 43.30 46.90 43.80 46.20 6.70 FUWANGCER 13.40 14.30 13.50 14.20 5.97 CMCKAMAL 13.90 14.70 14.00 14.60 5.04 IFIC 18.20 19.20 18.10 19.10 4.95 RAKCERAMIC 59.00 62.20 59.60 61.80 4.75 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation ABBANK 17.70 19.40 17.70 19.40 9.60 MITHUNKNIT 63.20 67.40 61.00 67.40 6.65 ANWARGALV 68.50 73.00 68.50 73.00 6.57 FORTUNE 43.80 46.90 43.80 46.40 5.94 PARAMOUNT 18.80 20.20 18.80 19.80 5.32 FUWANGCER 13.50 14.30 13.50 14.20 5.19 CMCKAMAL 14.00 14.70 14.00 14.70 5.00 PRIMEINSUR 16.30 17.20 16.30 17.10 4.91 NORTHERN 208.80 219.00 208.80 219.00 4.89 IFIC 18.40 19.20 18.10 19.20 4.35 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG SAIFPOWER 60.60 49.70 47.90 48.50 -19.97 MIDASFIN 25.00 25.00 22.80 23.10 -7.60 BNICL 19.50 19.60 18.50 18.70 -4.10 CONFIDCEM 114.60 115.60 109.00 109.90 -4.10 EBL1STMF 5.20 5.20 5.00 5.00 -3.85 RDFOOD 16.10 16.10 15.30 15.50 -3.73 ETL 18.80 19.10 17.80 18.10 -3.72 AZIZPIPES 67.20 68.00 61.80 64.80 -3.57 BBS 48.00 48.80 46.00 46.40 -3.33 CITYGENINS 15.10 15.30 14.50 14.60 -3.31 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation AZIZPIPES 68.00 68.00 61.80 61.80 -9.12 MIDASFIN 25.00 25.00 22.80 22.80 -8.80 KAY&QUE 28.50 29.00 26.00 26.00 -8.77 CONFIDCEM 115.60 115.60 109.00 109.00 -5.71 BNICL 19.60 19.60 18.50 18.70 -4.59 BBS 48.30 48.80 46.00 46.10 -4.56 NTLTUBES 132.30 135.00 126.00 126.40 -4.46 ETL 19.00 19.10 17.80 18.20 -4.21 CITYGENINS 15.20 15.30 14.50 14.60 -3.95 MODERNDYE 190.00 190.00 182.60 182.60 -3.90 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 2007200820092010201120122013201420152016 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved Powered by :
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Components General Business Accessories News 0 Intel to acquire machine vision specialist Movidius Technology by Mark Tyson on 6 September 2016, 11:31 Tags: Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qac6kt Add to My Vault: Intel has announced that it is to acquire machine vision specialists Movidius Technology. Modern devices are increasingly smart and connected but to be of even greater value in our lives it will be important that they will evolve to be able to see. At this time computer vision is in its early stages of adoption, with seeing cars, drones, robots, and so on only just being introduced to useful service. However, it is thought that intelligent seeing smart devices will play a much larger part in our lives in the years to come. Intel obviously had the growth of this industry in mind when it developed its RealSense vision and strategy. The key technology union resulting from the Intel and Movidius Technology union will be that of Intel's aforementioned RealSense tech with the Movidius VPU (Vision Processing Unit) platform for on-device vision. Intels says that the cameras serve as the 'eyes' of a device, the central processing unit is the 'brain,' and a vision processor is the 'visual cortex.' With the acquisition of Movidius Technology that intelligent vision system is complete. The combined tech will enable improved "navigation and mapping, collision avoidance, tracking, object recognition, inspection analytics and more". Movidius also has attractive machine intelligence algorithms, and an associated software development kit. Movidius' VPU is a low-power and high-performance SoC which can help miniaturise computer vision systems and requires less power, while generating less heat than rival systems. As well as the autonomous devices mentioned above the VPU will be useful in augmented, virtual and merged reality (AR/VR/MR), says Intel. The possibilities that become apparent from the arrival of efficient computer vision systems "will trigger a Cambrian explosion of compute, with Intel at the forefront of this new wave of computing," thinks Intel. CEO of Movidius, Remi El-Ouazzane, reckons that, as part of Intel with its technology and resources, work on machine vision will progress faster than ever following the acquisition. Related Reading 3 AMD Zen chips to debut on 17th January: Chinese mobo maker First out of the door will be Zen SR7 HEDT chips with a 8C/16T configuration. 0 Total GPU shipments up over 20 per cent last quarter says JPR Nvidia reaped the lion's share of the gains in Q3 2016. 1 Next gen Intel chipsets to sport on-board Wi-Fi and USB 3.1 Industry sources tip this multi-feature integration for the Intel 300-series at the end of 2017. Nvidia posts "record revenue, record margins, record earnings" Intel's on-die silicon photonics tech is mind-blowing says analyst Intel and Disney collaborate for Shooting Star Drone Xmas shows "Data is the new oil" declares Intel CEO Brian Krzanich EVGA SC17 1070 Gaming Laptop HEXUS Forums :: 0 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Log in to be the first to comment! MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Nvidia posts "record revenue, record margins, record earnings" 18 2 Total GPU shipments up over 20 per cent last quarter says JPR 0 1 Nvidia posts "record revenue, record margins, record earnings" 18 2 Total GPU shipments up over 20 per cent last quarter says JPR 0 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 ENERMAX Europe Launches Ostrog Lite – the elegant Gaming Tower 2 New iPhone 7 Collection from Element Case 3 Which? names Zen its Best Broadband Provider 4 Thrustmaster announces ultimate racing wheel for PC gamers 5 Cooler Master Launches MasterCase Pro 5 NVIDIA Edition 6 NETGEAR launches 802.11AC wireless access point to improve WiFi coverage INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,194 Forum posts: 2,558,964 Forum threads: 246,655 Currently active users: 634 Copyright © 1998 - 2016, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Tech Transformers Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Intel to buy Movidius to help it win in new tech like virtual reality, driverless cars Arjun Kharpal | @ArjunKharpal Tuesday, 6 Sep 2016 | 5:47 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES U.S. semiconductor giant Intel is to acquire Movidius, a company that creates so-called "computer vision" chips which will play a key role in technologies from virtual reality (VR) to driverless cars, the company announced Tuesday. Movidius makes processors that use artificial intelligence to assess the world around them. The company is already working with Chinese dronemaker DJI with its tech implemented in the Phantom 4 unmanned aircraft, giving it the ability to sense and avoid obstacles in real time and hover in a fixed position without the need for a GPS signal. The technology could be critical in a number of emerging areas where the need to have human-like vision is necessary such as autonomous cars. Intel makes a depth-sensing camera called RealSense. The ability to understand depth allows a machine to see the world in three dimensions. And this is where Intel sees Movidius as the perfect fit. Its capabilities alongside Intel's RealSense cameras could open up a number of new applications and make the U.S. giant a player in these emerging sectors. Michael Short | Bloomberg | Getty Images Brian Krzanich, chief executive officer of Intel Corp., displays a Project Alloy virtual reality (VR) headset during a keynote speech at the 2016 Intel Developers Forum (IDF) in San Francisco, California, U.S., on Tuesday, Aug. 16, 2016. "We will look to deploy the technology across our efforts in augmented, virtual and merged reality (AR/VR/MR), drones, robotics, digital security cameras and beyond," Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel's New Technology Group, said in a blog post Tuesday announcing the acquisition. Movidus' chips are also low-powered, making them ideal for situations where battery life is key. Intel did not disclose the price or terms of the deal. The U.S. technology giant sees its RealSense camera as a key part of its future offering. Last month at its developers conference, Intel unveiled Project Alloy, a virtual reality headset reference design that used RealSense for motion tracking. While many of these emerging technologies are at an early stage and not widely commercialized, Intel will be hoping its acquisition of Movidius will help it become an early leader. The company has struggled in the smartphone space against rival Qualcomm, but this could help it take the lead in the latest technology trends, analysts said. "Movidius will help further Intel's efforts to offer solutions around computer vision and artificial intelligence. The company is betting big on securing a place in the next wave of technology that will be instrumental across multiple areas including autonomous driving, drones, mixed reality, navigation and robotics," Ben Wood, chief of research at CCS Insight, told CNBC by email. "The leadership team at Intel is determined not to repeat past mistakes, such as missing the smartphone opportunity." Arjun KharpalTechnology Correspondent Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change INTC --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
null
null
In English На русском Հայերեն Full version September 6, 2016 - 12:01 AMT SHARE Intel acquires Movidius to build the future of computer vision Intel is making it extra-clear that computer vision hardware will play a big role in its beyond-the-PC strategy. The computing behemoth has just acquired Movidius, a specialist in AI and computer vision processors, Engadget said. The Intel team isn't shy about its goals. It sees Movidius as a way to get high-speed, low-power chips that can power RealSense cameras in devices that need to see and understand the world around them. Movidius has already provided the brains behind gadgets like drones and thermal cameras, many of which are a logical fit for Intel's depth-sensing tech -- and its deals with Google and Lenovo give nothing to sneeze at, either, Engadget said. This isn't Intel's first AI-related buyout. However, it shows that Intel is increasingly determined to find new avenues to explore now that it can't count on large jumps in processor performance to maintain the bottom line. An acquisition like this could make it the go-to source for chips in fields that are still growing quickly, such as robotics and smart homes, Engadget said. SHARE PanARMENIAN.Net © 2000—2016
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > Fancy using Android on your computer? Android-86… Fancy using Android on your computer? Android-86 released first build of Nougat for the PC By Christian de Looper — September 5, 2016 1:45 PM Subscribe to this topic Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends It’s safe to say that Android and Intel don’t play that well together these days, and neither Google nor Intel are doing much to change that. Despite that, however, the Android-86 project, which is aimed at bringing Android to computers, is alive and well. In fact, the Android 7.0 build for developers has just been released through the project. What does that mean? You can now run Android 7.0 Nougat on your computer. Related: Google testing a new, streamlined search history format on Android Of course, it’s important to note that the software, which is based on Google’s Android Open Source Project, is still under development. You will, however, be able to enjoy some of Nougat’s standout features, such as multi-window mode and split-screen mode. It’s also important to note that the project is by and large aimed at developers. The official page for Android-x86 tells you how to create the operating system from the source, but you’ll need to know what you’re doing in order to do that. To download a disc image, you can head over to Geek Til it Hertz. Of course, Android on a PC might not be the best choice for everyone, especially because of the fact that it doesn’t yet support all of Nougat’s features. For example, the file manager doesn’t yet work. Before the Nougat build was made public, there was a build of Android Marshmallow for computers in the form of Remix OS. Remix OS was stable enough to run on computers, and was created specifically to run fast and perform well. It also excelled in things like multiple window support, optimizations for the keyboard and mouse, the taskbar, and so on. Android Nougat, however, will bring a number of great new features to the operating system. The aforementioned multitasking features are perhaps the most important, however the OS also brings improved notifications, and customizable quick settings. Check out the video below to find out more about the project. Also watch: How A $25,000 industrial Robot Could Complete Your VR Experience Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Developer Login Careers Contact Home About Applications Solutions Technology News Events Developer Login Careers Contact Latest News News & Announcements 5 September 2016 Movidius + Intel = Vision for the Future of Autonomous Devices Today, I’m excited to announce the planned acquisition of Movidius by Intel. Movidius’ mission is to give the power of sight to machines. As part of Intel, we’ll remain focused on this mission, but with the technology and resources to innovate faster and execute at scale. We will continue to operate with the same eagerness to invent and the same customer-focus attitude that we’re known for, and we will retain Movidius talent and the start-up mentality that we have demonstrated over the years. Our leading VPU (Vision Processing Unit) platform for on-device vision processing combined with Intel’s industry leading depth sensing solution (Intel® RealSense™ Technology) is a winning combination for autonomous machines that can see in 3D, understand their surroundings and navigate accordingly. Today, we’re working with customers like DJI, FLIR, Google and Lenovo to give sight to smart devices including drones, security cameras, AR/VR headsets and more. But today’s smart devices, while compelling, offer just a glimpse of what’s to come. When computers can see, they can become autonomous and that’s just the beginning. We’re on the cusp of big breakthroughs in artificial intelligence. In the years ahead, we’ll see new types of autonomous machines with more advanced capabilities as we make progress on one of the most difficult challenges of AI: getting our devices not just to see, but also to think. Movidius has been attacking this challenge at the device level - combining advanced algorithms with dedicated low-power hardware. At Intel, we’ll be part of a team that is attacking this challenge from the cloud, through the network and on the device. This is very exciting. I’d like to thank our chairman and investors for their support and partnership through the years as we built our vision into a business. You can read more about Intel’s plans for Movidius here. We are so energized to write the next chapter of our journey. The future looks awesome. Last, but not least, to my co-founders David, Sean and Val: we would not be here today without the passion, resilience, humility and unwavering commitments you showed in the most difficult times. Sláinte! Best, Remi El-Ouazzane CEO of Movidius Share This Post News Categories All General Company News Technology Awards Software Careers White Papers Press Release Upcoming Events Related Videos Technology The Myriad 2 VPU from Movidius is the world's first dedicated ultra-low power Vision… Watch Video Announcement Lastest Myriad 2 processing platform selected by Google to accelerate adoption of machine intelligence… Watch Video Company News Movidius bring vision based autonomous features to the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Watch Video Home About Applications Solutions Technology News Events Get In Touch Headquarters, San Mateo, California, USA Design Center, Dublin, Ireland. Design Center, Timisoara, Romania. About Us Movidius is leading the way in ultra-low power, high performance visual intelligence. Learn more about our company, leadership and investors. About Us Latest News Our Solutions Movidius provides dedicated computer vision solutions from silicon to algorithms. Machine Vision Algorithms Software Development Kit Vision Processing Unit © Copyright Movidius 2016. All Rights Reserved. Sitemap Terms Privacy

null
Anmelden Passwort Premium Melden Sie sich hier als Premium-Nutzer oder als INSIDER an. Kein Log-In? Jetzt Premium-Abo abschließen oder INSIDER werden. Branchenmonitor Premium-eBooks Heftarchiv Exklusive Insider-Ausgaben Marktstudien Technologie Business-Software Data Center & Server Digital Lifestyle Notebook & PC Office & Collaboration Software-Infrastruktur Storage Mobile & Apps Netzwerke Web Aktuelle Technologie-Themen: Android Big Data Cloud-Telefonie Excel Internet of Things iPad iPhone-Apps Mobility Management SharePoint Virtualisierung & SD X Windows 10 TecWorkshop auf Computerwoche Aktuelle Artikel im Überblick: Pfadbeschränkung auf 260 Zeichen in Windows aufheben Windows 10 Kopf- und Fußzeilen in Word rasch ein- und ausblenden Word 2016 Wörter mit ähnlicher Formatierung unter Word gleichzeitig ändern Word 2016 Mit MyFritz! die Fritz!Box übers Internet steuern Fritz!Box-Cloud Office-2016-Zusatzfunktionen unter Windows 10 nutzen Outlook, Skype, Cortana oder Teamwork Windows 10 & Office - das neue TecChannel Compact ist da! Windows 10 Installation, Setup, Optimierung Management Digital Leader Award Compliance & Recht IT-Macher IT-Strategie IT-Services Security Systemhäuser Aktuelle Management-Themen: Cloud Computing Datensicherheit Digitalisierung IBM Industrie 4.0 IT für Finanzentscheider IT für das Marketing Hewlett-Packard SAP Social Media Telekom Karriere Karriere & Gehalt Freiberufler & Gründer Ratgeber Karriere Young Professional Stellenmarkt CIO des Jahres 2016 gamescom Jobs & Karriere Aktuelle Karriere-Themen: Die besten Arbeitgeber Burnout Bewerbung Existenzgründung Frauen in der IT Gehalt Projektmanagement Work-Life-Balance Zertifizierung Whitepaper Frisch aus der Whitepaper-Datenbank: Mit revolutionären Mitteln gegen gezielte Angriffe BitDefender GmbH Weitere Infos Direkt zum Download So managen Sie Verträge in der digitalen Ära Comarch AG und Experton Group Weitere Infos Direkt zum Download Mehr Whitepaper in der CW Whitepaper-Datenbank Social Networks einführen in 5 Schritten Sichere Cloud: Die ownCloud Security Features Ransamware-Angriff – So schützen Sie sich Wie sich cloud-basierte Workflows sichern lassen Live-Videos bereitstellen ohne Geruckel Sicher ist sicher: Die Technik der ownCloud Mehr Sicherheit mit ownCloud: Die Architektur Sicher mit der ownCloud: Security und Encryption Mehr Whitepaper in der CW Whitepaper-Datenbank Events & Webcasts Aktuelle Events & Webcasts im Überblick: Endpoint Security ohne Lücken Webinar Wie SDS zur Hochverfügbarkeit beiträgt Webinar Größtes Risiko ist der "Faktor Mensch" Computerwoche-Webinfosession Shop Aktuelle Hefte aus dem COMPUTERWOCHE Shop: Mehr Erfolg mit Analytics Ausgabe 46-47/2016 Clouds richtig managen Ausgabe 44-45/2016 Modular statt monolithisch Ausgabe 42-43/2016 Design Thinking Ausgabe 40-41/2016 Direkt zum COMPUTERWOCHE-Shop IDG Experten Experten schreiben für COMPUTERWOCHE - jetzt Experte werden: Die COMPUTERWOCHE arbeitet seit vielen Jahren eng mit einem Netzwerk von Experten zusammen, ohne die wir unsere Themen in der gebotenen Tiefe und Vielfalt kaum abdecken könnten. Dahinter verbergen sich Autoren, die ihr Wissen mit großer Leidenschaft und Fachkompetenz weitergeben. Viele unserer Experten würden gern zu ihrem Fachgebiet mehr Beiträge veröffentlichen, als uns das derzeit möglich ist. Kommen Sie zu uns - als Experte Infrastructure Aktuelle Artikel im Überblick: -Anzeige- Vorreiter der Digitalen Transformation erzielen den höchsten Gewinn Studie von Hewlett Packard Enterprise Es ist fünf vor zwölf Digitalisierungsstrategie und „Digitaler Reifegrad“ SDI wird zum Schlüsselfaktor moderner IT-Architekturen Software Defined Infrastructure Das Internet of Things produziert unvorstellbare Datenmengen IoT wird zum Treiber für Cloud Computing Rechtliches Neuland Bitkom-Leitfaden zu Industrie 4.0 Bei den Technologie-Anbietern ist noch Luft nach oben Digitale Transformation Hot Topics Aktuelles aus den Hot Topics auf COMPUTERWOCHE: -Anzeige- Anwender setzen auf SDI - trotz des Fehlens ausgereifter Lösungen Software Defined Infratructures (SDI) SDI zieht in die Rechenzentren ein Software Defined Infrastructure (SDI) Traditionelle Netzwerke werden zum Flaschenhals im Rechenzentrum Software Defined Networks (SDN) Dell Insider-Portal IBM Experts New Style of Business SAP Digitale Agenda Technologie Business-Software Data Center & Server Digital Lifestyle Notebook & PC Office & Collaboration Software-Infrastruktur Storage Mobile & Apps Netzwerke Web Aktuelle Technologie-Themen: Android Big Data Cloud-Telefonie Excel Internet of Things iPad iPhone-Apps Mobility Management SharePoint Virtualisierung & SD X Windows 10 TecWorkshop auf Computerwoche Management Digital Leader Award Compliance & Recht IT-Macher IT-Strategie IT-Services Security Systemhäuser Aktuelle Management-Themen: Cloud Computing Datensicherheit Digitalisierung IBM Industrie 4.0 IT für Finanzentscheider IT für das Marketing Hewlett-Packard SAP Social Media Telekom Karriere Karriere & Gehalt Freiberufler & Gründer Ratgeber Karriere Young Professional Stellenmarkt CIO des Jahres 2016 gamescom Jobs & Karriere Aktuelle Karriere-Themen: Die besten Arbeitgeber Burnout Bewerbung Existenzgründung Frauen in der IT Gehalt Projektmanagement Work-Life-Balance Zertifizierung Whitepaper Events & Webcasts Shop IDG Experten Infrastructure Hot Topics Dell Insider-Portal IBM Experts New Style of Business SAP Digitale Agenda Login Notebook & PC Mac & Macbook 10 geniale Dinge, die Sie mit einem alten Mac anstellen können Drucken URL 06.09.2016 Von Christian Rentrop (Autor)  Alle Posts des Autors Email: Ein alter Mac steht im Keller, allein und einsam, dabei war er einst der Lieblingscomputer und man ging durch dick und dünn. Wer ihn nicht für einen Apfel (sic!) und ein Ei bei Ebay verscheuern möchte, muss sich andere Wege überlegen, den alten Rechner wieder sinnvoll einzusetzen. Wir haben 10 Ideen für Sie zusammengestellt. Empfehlen Diskutieren Drucken PDF URL Xing LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Facebook Auch Apple-Computer sind nicht vor technischer Obsoleszenz gefeit. Auch wenn Macbook, iMac, Powerbook und Power Mac jahrelang treue Begleiter waren, kommt irgendwann der Tag, an dem sie ausgemustert werden müssen. Egal, ob ein vorzeitiger Defekt auftritt oder der Mac nach jahrelanger Benutzung durch ein neueres Gerät ersetzt wird: Irgendwann kommt der Tag, an dem der alte Rechner seinen Weg vom Schreibtisch in den Keller findet. Von hier aus ist es meist nur noch ein kurzer Schritt zum Sperrmüll oder zu Ebay, wo das Gerät dann für kleines Geld verramscht werden muss . Dabei lassen sich auch sehr alte Macs mit PowerPC-Technik, egal ob defekt oder nicht, noch für allerlei technische Spielereien einsetzen oder mit ein wenig Bastelarbeit komplett umfunktionieren. Neues Leben für alte Intel-Macs Gerade neuere Macs sind - damit sind alle Geräte der letzten zehn Jahre seit Apples Intel-Umstieg gemeint -, sofern sie noch funktionieren, in der Regel noch für Alltagsaufgaben geeignet, selbst wenn Apple längst keine Betriebssystem-Updates mehr liefert. Die sind aber auch nicht zwingend notwendig: Dank Windows- und Linux-Betriebssystem sind natürlich auch zehn Jahre alte Intel-Macs durchaus noch als Hardwarebasis für Bastelprojekte geeignet. Immerhin steckt selbst in den ältesten Intel-Macs mindestens ein leistungsstarker Core-Prozessor und in der Regel lässt sich auch der RAM mit wenigen Handgriffen auf bis zu zwei Gigabyte oder sogar mehr erweitern. Auch die Festplatte lässt sich bei einer ganzen Reihe älterer Intel-Macs problemlos austauschen. Einige der ersten Intel-Mac Minis mit lahmen Core-Solo-Prozessor erlauben sogar in gewissen Grenzen den Einbau eines schnelleren Prozessors austauschen und damit in Sachen Rechenleistung auf ein durchaus gegenwartstaugliches Niveau heben. Mit einer preisgünstigen Aufrüstung kann also der alte Intel-Mac durchaus zu einem veritablen Windows- oder Linux-PC werden, zumal in diesem Fall komplett auf Mac OS X verzichtet wird und damit die Windows- oder Linux-Installation dank Bootcamp oder rEFInd ein Kinderspiel ist. Was tun mit PowerPC-Rechnern? Doch was, wenn Ihr Mac noch älter ist? Zwischen 1994 und 2006 setzte Apple auf IBMs PowerPC-Prozessoren, die seinerzeit vor allem in Sachen Leistung jeden Intel-Prozessor abhängten. Leider gibt es für diese Geräteklasse heute nur noch eine Möglichkeit, sie wieder fit für aktuelle Anwendungen zu machen, zumal ihre Rechenleistung kaum an die aktuellen iPhones heranreicht: Linux in der PowerPC-Version. Hier sind durchaus aktuelle Versionen auch für alte Macs erhältlich. Wer einen alten iMac oder ein Powerbook/iBook mit G3-, G4- oder G5-Prozessor besitzt, kann aber in der Regel auch noch eine (frühe) Version von Mac OS X installieren und den Rechner ganz platt als Jukebox für iTunes verwenden: Einfach die interne IDE-Festplatte gegen ein größeres Modell austauschen - leider sind inzwischen kaum noch entsprechende Festplatten am Markt - und die iTunes-Mediathek darauf speichern und bei Bedarf abspielen. Der iMac aller älterer Generationen besitzt gute Lautsprecher und ein CD-Laufwerk, weshalb er sich durchaus als Jukebox eignet. Richtig leistungsstark wird er natürlich erst, wenn man ihn an eine Stereoanlage oder gute Aktivboxen anhängt. Aber das ist nur eine Variante. Eine andere wäre, den Mac einfach zu lassen, wie er ist - und ihn als Classic-Gaming-Plattform zu verwenden. Neues Leben für tote Macs Doch was, wenn der Mac noch älter oder schlicht defekt ist? Gut: Bei Ebay werden besonders für uralte Macs der 70er und 80er oder einige der Exoten der 90er wie den Macintosh-TV im funktionsfähigen, guten Zustand von Sammlern Mondpreise bezahlt, doch das dürfte die meisten Anwender kaum betreffen. Und was, wenn der alte Mac, der seit 20 Jahren im Keller verstaubt, schlicht nicht mehr funktioniert oder sein Erhaltungsgrad eher schlecht ist? Nun: Auch solche Macs haben durchaus noch die ein oder andere Anwendungsmöglichkeit, zum Beispiel gibt es auch für sie eine angepasste Linux-Version, deren Betrieb mangels Rechenleistung allerdings mit Sicherheit nicht mehr aktuellen technischen Ansprüchen gerecht wird. Natürlich besteht auch bei 68K-Macs die Option, diese einfach im klassischen Modus als Spielekonsole oder für alte Anwendungen zu verwenden, immer vorausgesetzt, dass sie funktionstüchtig sind. Doch was tun, wenn der Mac defekt ist? Dann gibt es, vor allem bei Geräten mit buntem Polyacryl-Gehäuse, immerhin einige interessante Bastelprojekte. Hier die zehn Dinge, die Sie mit Ihrem alten Mac anfangen können: 1. Alten Mac als Media-Center-Rechner verwenden (nur Intel-Macs) Auf Macs zwischen OS X 10.4 und OS X 10.6 ist Frontrow Teil des Lieferumfangs Mit dem Mediencenter Kodi kann auch ein alter Mac zum leistungsstarken Media-Center-PC werden Wenn Ihr alter Mac ein Intel-Mac ist, spricht nichts dagegen, ihn als Mediacenter-PC zu verwenden. Insbesondere Mac Mini und Macbooks eignen sich dafür, weil sie wenig Strom und Platz verbrauchen und sich über die nötigen Anschlüsse ohne Weiteres an aktuellen Fernsehern betreiben lassen: Egal ob Display-Port, Thunderbolt oder DVI - für all das gibt es kostengünstig Adapter auf das aktuelle HDMI-Format. Und wenn Apples Mini-DVI verbaut ist, wie es zum Beispiel bei den ersten Intel-Macbooks der Fall ist, gibt es auch hier für kleines Geld einen Adapter in den üblichen Online-Shops . Einmal mit dem Fernseher verkabelt, leistet die bei allen Macs bis ca. 2009 mitgelieferte Apple-Remote am Infraroteingang, den Apple leider seinerzeit gestrichen hat, gute Dienste. Praktisch bei diesen Mac-Modellen ist auch die Tatsache, dass das originäre Betriebssystem noch mit Apples Front Row ausgestattet ist: Dabei handelt es sich um die 2011 eingestellte Media-Center-Software, die an das heutige Apple TV erinnert und die Bedienung des Macs bis Mac OS X 10.6.8 am TV zu einem Kinderspiel macht. Nun braucht der Mac im Grunde nur noch eine kabellose Tastatur-Maus-Lösung, wahlweise per Funk oder Bluetooth, die es im Zubehör für kleines Geld gibt und natürlich eine große Festplatte (intern oder per USB 2.0 oder Firewire) - schon kann er Videos, Musik und Bilder am Fernseher wiedergeben. Mit Kodi und Plex alle Medien wiedergeben: Genau wie das AppleTV alter Bauart ist Front Row leider sehr eingeschränkt, was die Wiedergabe von Nicht-Apple-Medien angeht. Für diese Fälle empfiehlt sich der Einsatz des Mediencenters Kodi, das wahlweise unter Mac OS X 10.7 und höher als App installiert werden kann oder gleich als vollständige Linux-Distribution Kodibuntu auf Ubuntu-Basis, was die Hardware-Anforderungen deutlich reduziert. Leider ist Kodibuntu derzeit nur als 64-Bit-Version verfügbar, wodurch ein Core2Duo-Prozessor oder ein Intel-i-Prozessor Pflicht ist. Es gibt zwar ein 32-Bit-Variante, die verlangt dem Anwender jedoch deutlich höhere Linux-Kenntnisse ab. Eine dritte Variante ist der Media-Player Plex, der schon unter Mac OS X 10.6 arbeitet. Als Standalone-Lösung ist er leider nicht erhältlich. Praktisch in dem Zusammenhang sind auch Software-Tastaturen und Mäuse wie Mobile Mouse oder WiFi Mouse, die die effektive Fernsteuerung von einem anderen Mac oder einem Mobilgerät aus erlauben. PDF Newsletter 'Produkte+Technologien' bestellen! Inhalt dieses Artikels 1 2 3 4 10 geniale Dinge, die Sie mit einem alten Mac anstellen können 2. Alten iMac als Musikbox einsetzen (iMac G3 und neuer) 5. Alten Mac als praktische NAS, als File- und Druckserver verwenden 8. Gehäuse leeren und anderweitig verwenden (defekte Macs)   comments powered by Disqus Digital Leader Award COMPUTERWOCHE und Dimension Data suchen für den Digital Leader Award die besten Digitalisierungsprojekte im Lande. Jetzt bewerben! Mehr zum Thema Internes Deployment: Mac-Nutzer bei IBM brauchen viel weniger Support Mac Software: Die beste Gratis-Software 2016 für den Mac Apple zeigt iOS 7 und neuen Mac Pro Die Apple-Story Apple Mac mini Apple CEO Steve Jobs demonstrates FaceTime on a Mac So verhindern Sie Netzausfälle - IP-MAC-Port-Binding (Hersteller: D-Link) Sophos Anti-Virus for Mac Schneller mit Dell - Warum eine Universität auf Dell-Rechner setzt (Hersteller: Dell GmbH) Die besten Tipps und Tricks zu Mac OS X: Für MacBook und iMac Standardisierung auf Mac (Hersteller: Parallels GmbH) Apple Mac OS X Lion absichern Hilfreiche Mac-Tools Apple zeigt OS X Yosemite und Swift Migration auf Windows 7 mit VMware View (Hersteller: VMware Inc. ) Bis zu fünfmal bessere Performance mit dem Intel Xeon 5400-Prozessor (Hersteller: VMware Inc. ) Der sichere Mac Whatsapp auf PC und Mac - das kann die Desktop-App Die besten Spiele für den Mac Im Internet rundum geschützt und sicher vor Malware: Die elf besten Sicherheitstipps für den Mac Windows 10 auf dem Mac mit Boot Camp 6 installieren Virenscanner : 12 Antivirus-Lösungen für Mac im Vergleich Vom Apple I bis zum iPad: Die Geschichte von Apple Apple-Viren – Gefahr für Mac und Windows (Hersteller: VeriSign Deutschland GmbH) Mehr Aktuelle Jobangebote Mitarbeiter (m/w) für den Außendienst adKOMM Software GmbH & Co. KG Technical Consultant Automotive Vernetzte Dienste (m/w) T-Systems International GmbH Senior Projektleiter / Ressourcenmanager (m/w) operational services GmbH & Co. KG Principal Consultant Cyber Security (m/w) T-Systems International GmbH (Junior) Consultant Automotive Sales (m/w) T-Systems on site services GmbH Aktuell finden Sie über 500 ausgeschriebene Stellen im CW-Stellenmarkt Kostenlose Newsletter Cloud Computing Digitalisierung Freiberufler & Gründer IT-Management Job+Karriere Mittelstand Mobile Nachrichten mittags Nachrichten morgens Produkte+Technologien SAP-Newsletter Security Software & Cloud Stellenmarkt Wochenrückblick Bestellen ×Close Per E-Mail versenden   Schließen Senden ×Close Artikel als PDF downloaden   × Über den Autor   Schließen Service Newsletter RSS-Feeds COMPUTERWOCHE Mobile COMPUTERWOCHE auf dem iPad Bilder-Galerien Quiz Aboshop Artikel-Archiv CW im Social Web Facebook XING Twitter Youtube LinkedIn Top-Themen Was ist Cloud Computing für Unternehmen? Tablet PCs: Android, iPad, Samsung und mehr Erfolgreich Arbeiten in Excel: das sind die Profi-Tipps Burnout: Syndrom, Symptome und Behandlung Das bedeutet Big Data für das Data Center Mehr als Thinkpad und Mainframe: Alles zu IBM Windows 10: News, Ratgeber & Tests IoT: Alles über das Internet of Things  Verlag Impressum Datenschutz Werben auf COMPUTERWOCHE Mediadaten Redaktion Leser-Service Nutzungsbasierte Online-Werbung © 2016 IDG Business Media GmbH, München. Alle Rechte vorbehalten. IDG Business Media GmbH, München. Alle Rechte vorbehalten.
vator vatorX vatornews Register Log in Newsroom Innovation series Interviews Lessons learned Trends & news Intel buys computer vision chip maker Movidius Intel will use Movidius' technology in its RealSense camera Financial trends and news by Steven Loeb September 6, 2016 | Comments Short URL: http://vator.tv/n/4711 Devices are entering a new phase now, where they have to not only do their job, but also be smart. They have to function, and be able to learn, at the same time.  That's why Intel has acquired Movidius, a company that designs specialized low-power processor chips for computer vision, it was announced late Monday. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed. Founded in 2006, Movidius currently works with customers like DJI, FLIR, Google and Lenovo to give sight to smart devices including drones, security cameras and AR/VR headsets.  "When computers can see, they can become autonomous and that’s just the beginning. We’re on the cusp of big breakthroughs in artificial intelligence. In the years ahead, we’ll see new types of autonomous machines with more advanced capabilities as we make progress on one of the most difficult challenges of AI: getting our devices not just to see, but also to think," Remi El-Ouazzane, CEO of Movidius, wrote in a blog post.  Intel plans to integrate Movidius’ technology with its RealSense depth-sensing camera technology. Earlier this year, the company introduced the RealSense Camera R200, its first long-range depth camera for 2 in 1s and tablets, allowing for 3D scanning, as well as immersive gaming and shopping,  "With Movidius, Intel gains low-power, high-performance SoC platforms for accelerating computer vision applications. Additionally, this acquisition brings algorithms tuned for deep learning, depth processing, navigation and mapping, and natural interactions, as well as broad expertise in embedded computer vision and machine intelligence," Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel’s New Technology Group, wrote in a blog post. "Movidius’ technology optimizes, enhances and brings RealSense capabilities to fruition." While Intel plans to use the chips in its cameras for now, they could be used in numerous other devices, most notably a VR headset that Intel is currently developing. Earlier this month, the company unveiled Project Allo, what it describes as "an all-in-one virtual reality solution." While being integrated into Intel, Movidius will continue to offer its services to existing customers. "Movidius’ mission is to give the power of sight to machines," wrote El-Ouazzane.  "As part of Intel, we’ll remain focused on this mission, but with the technology and resources to innovate faster and execute at scale."  Movidius had raised $86.5 million in venture funding, from investors that included AIB Seed Capital, Atlantic Bridge, Capital-E, Draper Fisher Jurvetson, and Summit Bridge Capital, among others. This is Intel's sixth acquisition of the year. It also bought Ascending Technologies, a developer and manu­facturer of micro UAS, in January; followed by the acquisition of video 3D reconstruction technologies company Replay Technologies in March. Intelthen bought semiconductor functional safety company Yogitech in April, and purchased customized computer vision software provider Itseez in May.  The company most recently acquired deep learning startup Nervana Systems earlier this month.  (Image source: movidius.com)   Permalink <span>Send</span> Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Programs Blackstone LaunchPad National Competition Blackstone LaunchPad is currently available to over 500,000 students.   The program is designed to help drive economic development in ... Learn more » Enter now! VatorNews Featured Stories Snapchat said to have filed a confidential IPO by Steven Loeb Apple is developing its own smart glasses by Steven Loeb Meet John Durant, General Partner at Wild Ventures by Ronny Kerr Peter Thiel's bet on Trump is paying off by Steven Loeb Election 2016: 4 new states legalize recreational cannabis by Steven Loeb When will your local pharmacy carry cannabis? by Ronny Kerr © 2012 Vator, Inc. Events About Careers Contact Directory Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Contact Us Member LoginRegister New Account My 24-7 Press Release Account Media Desk for Journalists, Bloggers & Readers Products & Services Press Release Distribution Pricing & Distribution Plans Why Choose 24-7 Press Release? Where Does Your News Go? Take a Tour Editorial/Submission Guidelines Press Release Writing Writing Services Agency PReferred Program What is Agency PReferred Become an Agency PReferred Client News Releases Select News Type Today's News News by Industry News with Video Search News News by Date News Releases 2016 News Releases 2015 News Releases 2014 News Releases 2013 News by RSS RSS Feed Top News Industry Arts & Entertainment Business Computer Consumer Education Environment Fashion Home & Family Home & Garden Industry Internet Law & Legal Lifestyle Medical Sports Technology Media Desk Journalists, bloggers, and readers can now access our exclusive Media Desk for enhanced, personalized news searching and tracking. Partners Become a Syndication Partner Real-Time News Content Hosted Content Delivery Solutions News Widget RSS Host Content on Your Server FTP/XML Data Feed Apply Now Knowledge Base FAQ We have all answers to your questions about our products and services. VIDEOS Watch our videos to learn about what we have to offer. ARTICLES Our articles will guide you in writing attractive and successful press releases. DOCUMENTS View our help documents for tips and resources. Company About Us About 24-7 Press Release Executive Team Clients Newsletter Newsletter Sign-Up Affiliate Program Become an Affiliate What's New Newsroom Blog Testimonials What Our Customers Say Submit a Testimonial Toll Free Telephone 1-888-880-9539 Hours of Business M-F 8:30am - 5:00pm PST Follow Us Through Social Media All Press Releases for September 06, 2016 » Email This Story Printer Friendly PDF Version RSS Feed Lunarship Software Joins Intel Software Partner Program Lunarship's Phototheca app now is optimized for Intel Skylake platform     KHARKIV, UKRAINE, September 06, 2016 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Lunarship Software today announced that it has joined the Intel Software Partner Program and is offering the Phototheca application specifically optimized for the latest Skylake Intel Architecture-based Ultrabooks. The Intel Software Partner Program is a global, online membership program for independent software vendors (ISVs) developing commercially available products for Intel platforms and technologies. "Since launch, our photo organizing application Phototheca has become a popular app for people around the world," explained Anton Vasylkivskyi, co-founder of Lunarship Software. "By joining forces with Intel, we've been able to optimize the app to the Skylake Intel Architecture, the very latest one, ensuring that users get an optimized UI and UX going forward from here." Phototheca app has been validated by Intel on 2-in-1 Media and 2Screen experience enabling programs, meaning the app can work on modern 2-in-1 devices, laptops and tablets, and provides a support for a dual monitor view as well. Phototheca has also been optimized for the Windows 10 OS and touchscreen capabilities, allowing users to work with software in a way that is most comfortable for them--whether that is with tactile fingertip gestures or using the more traditional mouse. The app also offers a plethora of other features including password protected safe-boxes, duplicate spotting, metadata support, and even a keyword function to instantly search for photos. For more information, please visit http://www.lunarship.com. For media inquiries, please contact Anton Vasylkivskyi on +380688865169, or email at anv@lunarship.com. About Lunarship Software Lunarship Software is the company behind the popular photo organizing application, Phototheca. The software has a worldwide user base, and makes it easy to organize thousands of photos. For more information, please visit the company's website. Website: http://www.lunarship.com Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/phototheca # # # Comment on this story... Share This Story Contact Information Anton Vasylkivskyi Lunarship Software Kharkiv Ukraine Voice: +380688865169 E-Mail: Email Us Here Website: Visit Our Website Follow Us: Like This Story? I like it! 0 Tweets Disclaimer If you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page. Please do not attempt to contact 24-7 Press Release Newswire. We are unable to assist you with any information regarding this release. 24-7 Press Release Newswire disclaims any content contained in this press release. Please see our complete Terms of Service disclaimer for more information. Pricing & Distribution Agency PReferred Program Syndicate Our News News Widget RSS Feeds Affiliate Program About Us Contact Us Today's News News by Industry FAQs Testimonials Business Directory Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Connect with 24-7 Press Release: Accelerate Business Exposure with 24-7 Press Release Service. © 2004-2016 24-7Pressrelease.com. All Rights Reserved.
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Atomic  »  Review Review: Intel Core i7-6950X Extreme Edition by  Jonathan Bray  |  Tuesday 6 September 2016  | Comment Now Rating Overall: 45 "Is it worth it? Only if you have a genuine need for all that power." Price From $495 AUD > Pricing info Tweet Email this Print this Feedback Intel’s new ten-core processor is a beast: the fastest desktop processor ever. Extreme Edition processors have become a regular landmark in Intel’s schedule over the years, providing enthusiasts with something to get their teeth into while waiting for the next-generation architecture. As its price suggests, this year’s top-of-the-range model – the 6950X, based on Broadwell-E architecture – is something special. It starts conventionally enough. As with previous Extreme chips, the Broadwell-E isn’t based on the most recent iteration of Intel’s CPU architecture, but a tweak to the previous generation. Where things become interesting are a boost to ten cores, a die shrink to 14nm, and the new Turbo Boost Max Technology 3.  This is a tweak to Intel’s existing Turbo Boost tech, designed to improve single-threaded performance over the Haswell-E’s rather disappointing showing. As with regular Turbo Boost, the new technology gives you more speed in short bursts for simple single-threaded tasks. The difference is that it allows the CPU to boost higher than the advertised max Turbo Boost frequency, when circumstances allow. Turbo Boost Max is also more intelligent than its predecessor; with the help of BIOS and driver support, it can identify which cores are running the fastest and assign the most intensive tasks to those cores. The new processors are all unlocked, and there’s also a boost in L3 cache along with support for quad-channel DDR4 2,400MHz RAM. Surprisingly, given the reduction in manufacturing process size, the thermal design power (TDP) remains the same as Haswell-E at 140W, although there should be no shock about the lack of integrated graphics.  The most noticeable thing here is the cost of the new ten-core unit. It’s phenomenally expensive: 55% more than the eight-core Core i7-6900K, which is steep considering you’re only getting 25% more cores. The good news: if you’re upgrading from Haswell-E, there’s no need to replace your Intel X99 chipset motherboard.  I ran it through our 4K benchmarks to see how it compares with the previous-generation processor. At base clock speed, the Intel Core i7-6950X is monstrously fast, posting the fastest multitasking and overall scores we’ve seen from a desktop processor. That’s a 14% boost for video editing, 17% for multitasking, and 19% overall. The score to take the most note of here, however, is the single-threaded image-editing score, in which the Core i7-6950X provides an enormous performance boost – 67% – over the Core i7-5960X. It looks like Turbo Boost Max is doing its job here. READ NEXT: HP’s new desktop PC banishes memories of styleless beige boxes This isn’t a chip that’s intended to be left at stock frequency, however; it’s for enthusiasts and tinkerers. Without too much effort we managed to get all ten cores up to 3.9GHz without a hint of instability. Here, the single-core performance of the Broadwell-E is even more pronounced. Although the 4.3GHz overclock we performed on the Haswell-E back in 2014 was nominally higher, the 3.9GHz Broadwell stomps all over it with an overall score of 280, and leaves Haswell-E – and every other consumer desktop processor – in the dust.  So it’s quick, then. The question is, do you really need all of those extra cores? If it’s the very best performance that you want, the answer has to be yes. Broadwell-E, at least in the form of the ten-core Core i7-6950X I’ve looked at here, is an absolute beast, and a huge improvement over the eight-core Haswell-E i7-5960X. The big disappointment is the price. The flagship CPU is $2579, and that’s five times more expensive than the fastest, non-Extreme Skylake Core i7 processor available today. Is it worth it? Only if you have a genuine need for all that power. For everyone else, Broadwell-E – in its i7-6950X incarnation, at least– is an investment too far.  Related Reviews Review: Intel's Compute Stick 2.0 - small, but needs more power Review: the Asus Chromebit CS10 can't quite replace a PC Review: ASRock's E3V5 WS is the heart of an affordable workstation Source: Copyright © PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia Pty Ltd Copyright © Alphr, Dennis Publishing See more about:  cpu  |  desktop processor  |  extreme edition  |  intel  |  intel core i76950x extreme edition  |  processor  |  review  |  turbo boost   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   M.2 NVMe SSDs just got a nice speed boost     Intel's new 600p series NVMe drives get a fantastic price     Lights, camera, Watson! IBM's supercomputer has produced a movie trailer     Gigabyte's releases XTREME GAMING edition the GTX 1060     Project Alpha Omega   NOTE: You must be a registered member of PC & Tech Authority to post a comment. Click here to login | Click here to register More in Atomic (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Roccat releases Cross cross-platform gaming headphones << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (2 of 10 articles) NEWS Both Nvidia and AMD release hot fix drivers << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (3 of 10 articles) NEWS Group on trial for cyber-theft of $15M in FIFA Coins << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Might want to hold off on those 375.86 Nvidia drivers << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (5 of 10 articles) NEWS New GeForce 375.86 WHQL drivers out now << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (6 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: G.Skill Ripjaws MX780 impresses first time << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (7 of 10 articles) FEATURE The SLI question: Is multi-GPU worth it? << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (8 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Fractal Design Define C is a great mix of silence and features << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (9 of 10 articles) GALLERY Gallery: The PCs of PAX Australia 2016 << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (10 of 10 articles) NEWS The beautiful PC mods of PAX Australia 2016! << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Atomic News Roccat releases Cross cross-platform gaming headphones Review Review: G.Skill Ripjaws MX780 impresses first time Feature The SLI question: Is multi-GPU worth it? Group Test Group Test: X99 Motherboards shift into top gear Gallery Gallery: The PCs of PAX Australia 2016 From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories How to use Microsoft OneNote to organise your minutes, memos and more 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Fitbit Charge 2 verdict: the best-value fitness band Ingram Micro toasts 2016 partners Which VMware partners did we see at vForum Sydney? Telstra launches smart home-as-a-service SMS admits restructure led to sales pipeline collapse Inside Best Technology's 240-store upgrade for Woolworths POS Capgemini exposes millions of recruitment firm clients Big W shutters online shopping after data leak Banks rubbish Apple's security claims over NFC access How Westpac and the ASX are using the 'overhyped' blockchain 'Significant breakdowns' mar NSW shared services outsourcing Review: Motorsport Manager takes you to the races 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege PSA: You can play Red Dead Redemption on PC… kinda 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 10 essential tips to get you started in Civilization VI About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2016 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Leaders’ Insights: Fiona Murphy, Frontend.com Leaders’ Insights: Karl McDermott, Three Ireland Design thinking brought to a new level through VR Is Calexit in the works? Silicon Valley investors call for California independence Donald Trump: The shock president Silicon Valley disdains Skibbereen success: Death to small town syndrome Microsoft has an answer for why its number of women has decreased Amazon Prime Video to go global and challenge Netflix in Grand Tour drive That’s all folks: Warner Bros buys Machinima for under $100m Hey Siri, can you handle my PayPal please? Cheers! Salesforce earnings booming after major deals surge Women paid 20pc less than men in Ireland, according to study The five-minute CIO: Renaud Visage, CTO, Eventbrite Three Mobile hit by major data breach in UK with 6m records snatched Russia has completely shut off its access to LinkedIn GDPR is coming, but CFOs are blind to potential financial nightmare Big data country: Ireland among top European locations for investment Unlocked Android smartphones secretly send your data to China Viber’s Michael Shmilov: ‘The future of comms is in richer apps’ Vodafone Ireland to invest €250m in Gigabit Society transformation Revealed: The deplorable state of broadband in Ireland Lack of broadband is forcing rural businesses to relocate Clever Virgin offer puts WhatsApp and Messenger centre stage Siro CEO: ‘Fibre is about enabling a greater future for Ireland’ Teamwork’s Peter Coppinger: ‘We want to have a huge influence on the world’ NI start-up Hurree raises over £200k in week-long crowdfunding campaign Taskee named overall winner at Startup Weekend Dublin Phorest’s Ronan Perceval: ‘Start-ups should be under less pressure to sell’ Ludgate Digital Hub invests €45,000 in online education start-up Web Summit Lisbon shines a harsh light on Dublin’s rickety infrastructure ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One 10 changes of the future: Bye bye apps, hello robots and blockchain Is Irish science responsible? It’s getting there Stephen Hawking sets deadline for last chance to colonise a planet ‘Uncombable hair’ is a real thing, and it’s genetic Science 50: The women ushering the world into a new scientific era Margaret Hamilton and Grace Hopper awarded Presidential Medal of Freedom Cheap, foldable bicycle helmet wins international James Dyson Award 4 women making waves in the world of IoT What are the most dangerous IoT devices to own? The ones supposed to keep us safe Analog Devices acquires LiDAR tech to enable safer self-driving cars Irishman’s soft robotics exosuit wins major tech award Google wants to make AI smarter with your bad doodles Andy Caddy: IoT should start with a map of the customer journey How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS How to nab yourself that elusive sci-tech job US jobseekers’ searches to Ireland double in week after Trump victory In a dark week, we find light in career development Maths considered most difficult third-level STEM subject Interest in cybersecurity spikes due to US election Irish jobs dry spell creates opportunity for career growth Interested in working in tech? You should Hack Your Career 6 life science interview questions and how to respond 10 pieces of advice from science graduates I have just graduated. What do I do now? To close the tech skills gap, developing interest is essential What do you need to do to become a super boss? 10 female founders who have turned science into a business How materials science is forging a new path in medicine 10 women whose passion for science is out of this world 20 incredible women leading the way to scientific advancement Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase Lorna Ross: Innovation is all about timing, not good ideas Ray Nolan’s XSellco to create 40 new jobs 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world MetLife to open new global tech campus in Galway creating 200 jobs Want to know the 5 hottest jobs in life science? DocuSign opens new R&D operation in Dublin to counter cyber threats Aviva opens new digital hub creating 50 jobs in Galway ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING How to spot fake news online with one handy Chrome extension In wake of Donald Trump victory, Microsoft thinks we need a ‘digital reset’ Waking The Feminists: One year on How many selfies do you take before landing on the perfect one? Senan Byrne, Ireland’s biggest Vine star, reacts to its death Dublin City Marathon is getting faster, older and more male Yet another Samsung phone has exploded, and it isn’t the Note7 Dust off your old photo album, Google wants to digitise it Apple could be getting into AR hardware in a big way Emoji alert: Breastfeeding, UFOs, vampires and hijabs on the way? WhatsApp ups its offering with GIF support on iOS 6 great gift ideas for lovers of Irish creativity You can now recreate Ireland in Minecraft with OSI maps Can you recognise the main rooms from your favourite TV shows? ‘No Man’s Sky was a mistake’: Hello Games deletes inflammatory tweet (updated) Nintendo Switch: 6 games you can play on the console TV wars continue as Sky reveals mobile app Red Dead Redemption 2 finally confirmed for 2017 release Black Friday deals: More offers become available Black Friday deals: Where are the best early offers? Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook Canada immigration website crashes as US deals with Donald Trump win Twitter reacts to Donald Trump winning US presidency Who will win the US presidential election? Google calling it first ALL How can innovative smart materials improve battery life? Smart-farming demo at Tyndall Technology Days 2016 Breaking the internship stereotype at AOL, one project at a time Ireland is positioning itself for an influx of IoT companies Electrochemical energy storage making life easier and safer Materials science is revolutionising today’s medicine ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT COMPANIES Intel acquires Irish chip firm Movidius to drive machine-vision revolution by John Kennedy 6 Sep 2016596 Shares Movidius CEO, Remi El-Ouazzane, and Intel’s Josh Walden discuss what’s possible in the drone lab at Intel’s Santa Clara headquarters Intel has revealed it is acquiring Movidius, the Irish machine-vision chip maker whose technology is powering AI in cutting-edge virtual reality (VR) and drone applications by companies like Google and China’s DJI. Intel said it plans to use the Movidius acquisition to position the chip giant to provide computer vision and deep-learning solutions from the device to the cloud. In an article earlier this year, we predicted how the Movidius chip will be the Pentium of the machine age. The terms of the acquisition were not disclosed. ‘We recognise that specific system on a chip (SoC) attributes will be paramount to giving human-like sight to the 50bn connected devices that are projected by 2020’ – JOSH WALDEN, INTEL “We’re entering an era where devices must be smart and connected,” explained Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel’s New Technology Group. “When a device is capable of understanding and responding to its environment, entirely new and unprecedented solutions present themselves.” Next step in computing will be machines that think and see for themselves How Intel sees the near future of machines with the ability to see and think for themselves Walden said that Movidius’ technology will put Intel at the forefront of this new wave of computing. Movidius, he said, will fit in with Intel’s RealSense vision and strategy. ‘Computer vision will trigger a Cambrian explosion of compute, with Intel at the forefront of this new wave of computing, enabled by RealSense in conjunction with Movidius and our full suite of perceptual computing technologies’ – JOSH WALDEN, INTEL “Simply put, computer vision enables machines to visually process and understand their surroundings. Cameras serve as the ‘eyes’ of the device, the central processing unit is the ‘brain’, and a vision processor is the ‘visual cortex’. Upon integration, computer vision enables navigation and mapping, collision avoidance, tracking, object recognition, inspection analytics and more – capabilities that are extremely compelling in emerging markets.” The Movidius story Movidius founders David Moloney and Sean Mitchell Dublin-headquartered Movidius was established 10 years ago by David Moloney and Sean Mitchell to bring deep-learning capabilities and machine intelligence to devices ranging from smartphones to today’s drones and VR headsets. Earlier this year, the company struck a lucrative deal with Google to ship its MA2450 chip in upcoming personal devices, including Google’s latest VR headset technology. The key to the deal was Movidius’ ability to make devices like smartphones contextually aware – in effect making phones, robots and drones capable of seeing and understanding their environment. What followed was a number of key deals and breakthroughs, including the launch of the world’s first autonomous drone for Chinese drone maker DJI, the DJI Phantom 4 in March. In June, the company scooped a major deal with Chinese electronics giant Lenovo to power its future range of VR devices. Movidius recently raised €38m in a move that will enable it to generate 100 new jobs in Dublin. The company now has offices in Silicon Valley, Ireland, Romania and China. According to Walden, a major revolution is underway and Intel aims to be at the forefront of it. “We recognise that specific system on a chip (SoC) attributes will be paramount to giving human-like sight to the 50bn connected devices that are projected by 2020.” He said that, with the pending acquisition of Movidius, Intel gains low-power, high-performance SoC platforms to accelerate computer vision applications. It also gives Intel algorithms tuned for deep learning, depth processing, navigation and mapping, as well as natural interactions and broad expertise in embedded computer vision and machine intelligence. “We see massive potential for Movidius to accelerate our initiatives in new and emerging technologies,” Walden said. “The ability to track, navigate, map and recognise both scenes and objects using Movidius’ low-power and high-performance SoCs opens up opportunities in areas where heat, battery life and form factors are key. Specifically, we will look to deploy the technology across our efforts in augmented, virtual and merged reality, drones, robotics, digital security cameras and beyond. “Computer vision will trigger a Cambrian eexplosion of compute, with Intel at the forefront of this new wave of computing, enabled by RealSense in conjunction with Movidius and our full suite of perceptual computing technologies.” The arrival of the distributed computing age “From a first meeting with promoter Sean Mitchell, to its initial investment in 2008, we knew we had a winner with the talented and ambitious founders of Movidius,” said Tom Shinkwin, partner at Enterprise Equity, the first Irish institutional investor in Movidius. “Managing risk with early stage investing is what Enterprise Equity does best. Augmented by world class leadership, Movidius has grown successfully over many rounds of funding to become a world leading vision processing company enabling a new generation of intelligent devices.” Atlantic Bridge, an investor in Movidius, also responded to news of the acquisition. “It is difficult to believe now, but back in 2013 when Atlantic Bridge led the $16m A-round investment in Movidius, many analysts and industry peers did not believe that a new microprocessor company could emerge as a leader in an intensely competitive and mature industry,” said Atlantic Bridge Ventures in a company blog. “We were more optimistic, recognising early on the potential disruption the Movidius’ vision processing unit (VPU) technology could bring,” it added. “Computer vision was identified as one of the first real commercial opportunities but the fundamental game-changing technology that Movidius had developed enabled deep neural networks and machine-learning applications of all kinds to be performed in real time on battery-powered devices. “The core platform that Movidius had developed enabled for the first time highly-efficient machine intelligence systems to be moved to the edge of the network, improving latency for real-time applications, reducing bandwidth requirements while minimising battery power consumption on the device. The age of distributed intelligence systems had arrived.” This story has since been updated to include comments from some of the early investors in Movidius, Enterprise Equity and Atlantic Bridge Related: robotics, Intel, employers, M&As, Movidius, AI, drones, VR Editor John Kennedy is an award-winning technology journalist. editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Companies Intel acquires machine-learning start-up Nervana Systems for $408m 10 Aug 201615 Shares Hiring Now Join us to create the technology of tomorrow Always at the cutting edge of new innovation Help develop the future of sales and trading Working at the leading edge of IoT Companies Intel to spin out McAfee cybersecurity unit in $4.2bn deal 8 Sep 201613 Shares Machines IBM acquires Watson-based personal shopping chatbot from Fluid 2 Nov 201631 Shares WANT TO KNOW MORE ABOUT FEATURED EMPLOYERS? Photo via Gajus/Shutterstock Silicon Republic’s Featured Employers campaign highlights top companies that are hiring right now. To find out more about the campaign and how to become part of it, please submit an enquiry. Companies Salesforce missed out on ‘most valuable CRM tool’ in existence 12 Oct 201615 Shares Machines The machines are here: Intel reveals industrial Falcon 8+ drone 13 Oct 201617 Shares Jobs Intel report finds global cybersecurity talent shortage 28 Jul 201638 Shares Latest News Teamwork’s Peter Coppinger: ‘We want to have a huge influence on the world’ 26 minutes ago Is Irish science responsible? It’s getting there 3 hours ago How to spot fake news online with one handy Chrome extension 5 hours ago How to nab yourself that elusive sci-tech job 5 hours ago The five-minute CIO: Renaud Visage, CTO, Eventbrite 5 hours ago Interested in working in tech? You should Hack Your Career 5 hours ago Black Friday deals: More offers become available 6 hours ago Microsoft has an answer for why its number of women has decreased 6 hours ago Amazon Prime Video to go global and challenge Netflix in Grand Tour drive 7 hours ago Stephen Hawking sets deadline for last chance to colonise a planet 7 hours ago ‘Uncombable hair’ is a real thing, and it’s genetic 8 hours ago That’s all folks: Warner Bros buys Machinima for under $100m 8 hours ago Science 50: The women ushering the world into a new scientific era 9 hours ago Three Mobile hit by major data breach in UK with 6m records snatched 9 hours ago Hey Siri, can you handle my PayPal please? Cheers! 9 hours ago Salesforce earnings booming after major deals surge 10 hours ago US jobseekers’ searches to Ireland double in week after Trump victory 10 hours ago Viber’s Michael Shmilov: ‘The future of comms is in richer apps’ 1 day ago 4 women making waves in the world of IoT 1 day ago What are the most dangerous IoT devices to own? The ones supposed to keep us safe 1 day ago Analog Devices acquires LiDAR tech to enable safer self-driving cars 1 day ago NI start-up Hurree raises over £200k in week-long crowdfunding campaign 1 day ago Russia has completely shut off its access to LinkedIn 1 day ago 6 life science interview questions and how to respond 1 day ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2016 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Business Tech Intel Intel is buying the computer vision company that powers Tango and DJI's drones New, 4 comments Movidius has a new home by Dieter Bohn@backlon Sep 6, 2016, 2:00am EDT share tweet Linkedin You might not have heard of Movidius — even though we said it was a chipmaker to keep your eye on back in March. It makes computer vision chips that allow devices to see and respond to the world around them. It’s a capability that Intel is increasingly interested in, so Intel is purchasing the company for an undisclosed amount. Movidius powered the first generation of Tango devices, which consisted of Android tablets (and later phones) that were able to map their surroundings in real time using an array of specialized cameras and sensors. The company’s follow-up act was a much bigger deal: helping make DJI’s Phantom 4 drone better able to sense and avoid obstacles. In a post about the acquisition, Movidius CEO Remi El-Ouazzane says that plan is combine his company’s expertise in on-device hardware with Intel’s cloud computing and AI. He also says that Movidius will "remain focused," and a spokesperson for Intel tells us that all of Movidius' 180 employees will be "integrated" into Intel's Perceptual Computing group. Intel, for its part, sounds a lot like Intel in its blog post. "Computer vision will trigger a Cambrian Explosion of compute," writes Intel SVP Josh Walden. But it’s no surprise that Intel is interested in picking up a chip company that’s focused on computer vision, because Intel has had computer vision on the brain for awhile now. Intel started demonstrating sense-and-avoid drones back in 2015 and has been aggressively pushing its RealSense brand. Here’s a module for robots it showed last month, and here’s a VR headset that also does 3D tracking in space. Intel also acquired another computer vision company, Itseez, back in May. Intel says it "will look to deploy the technology across our efforts in augmented, virtual and merged reality (AR/VR/MR), drones, robotics, digital security cameras and beyond." That’s not a small list of product categories and very few of them have proven themselves out in the mass market in a major way. But if any of them do, Intel obviously intends provide the chips that power them. Source: Intel, Movidius More From The Verge Sand's End Facebook won’t call itself a media company. Here’s how it can still support journalism Trump’s chief strategist Steve Bannon suggests having too many Asian tech CEOs undermines ‘civic society’ Facebook's Like button is a built-in filter bubble Your life will be a video game Supported By Consider the PS4 Pro before you buy that expensive gaming PC Now Trending Microsoft Surface Studio review: a beautiful invader of Apple's base Sand's End Trump’s chief strategist Steve Bannon suggests having too many Asian tech CEOs undermines ‘civic society’ This Article has a component height of 8. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Podcast The Vergecast This week on the Vergecast: real talk about fake news by Andrew Marino The tech review season continues this week with reviews of the Macbook Pro with Touch Bar, Microsoft’s Surface Studio, and even an actual book that Apple released. This week on Vergecast, Nilay, Paul, and Dieter give an overview of these products... New, 0 comments Gaming Pokemon Nintendo Nintendo Switch will reportedly get a version of Pokémon Sun and Moon by Kwame Opam@kwameopam The Nintendo Switch may be the first home console to get a core Pokémon game. Eurogamer reports that the upcoming hybrid console will receive a new version of the just-released Pokémon Sun and Moon in 2017. Titled Pokémon Stars, this new title... New, 0 comments Poll Tech First Click Poll: Is this the holiday you finally buy that drone? by Thomas Ricker@Trixxy I really want a drone. Every Christmas since I was a kid has been highlighted by some kind of remote controlled vehicle. I’ve had countless RC cars, of course; tanks, boats, and lots and lots of remote-controlled helicopters. The quality has... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Science Tech Researchers send text message using chemicals by James Vincent@jjvincent We take it for granted that modern communication systems — everything from smartphones to the internet — use electronics to send and receive messages, but what if that weren’t the case? A group of researchers from Stanford are exploring an... New, 0 comments US & World Entertainment Politics Kanye West: America is a racist country and I would have voted Trump by James Vincent@jjvincent At a concert in San Jose during his Saint Pablo tour, Kanye West opened up about the 2016 election in typical style. According to videos and tweets from the night, West told fans —in no particular order — that if he'd voted he would have voted for... New, 54 comments Microsoft Gaming Tech Microsoft cuts top Xbox One games by 40% in Black Friday deals by Tom Warren@tomwarren Microsoft is unveiling its Black Friday deals for the Xbox One today. New Xbox One games like Battlefield 1, FIFA 17, Titanfall 2, and even Overwatch are all being discounted by up to 40 percent. Battlefield is available for $40.19 until November... New, 2 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. The Apple engineer who moved Mac to Intel applied to work at the Genius Bar in an Apple store and was rejected Business Insider 9/6/2016 Jim Edwards © Provided by Business Insider Inc JK Scheinberg, the engineer who spent 21 years working at Apple and is most famous for persuading Steve Jobs to move the Mac from PowerPC to Intel in 2005, was rejected from a job at an Apple store. He had applied to work at a Genius Bar, according to The New York Times. The Times used it as an example of age discrimination in the workplace. Writer Ashton Applewhite wrote: Quotes in the article Apple Inc AAPL ▲ 110.09 +0.14 +0.13% Intel Corp INTC ▼ 34.79 -0.23 -0.67% New York Times Co NYT ▲ 12.45 +0.15 +1.22% Sony Corp SNE ▼ 29.23 -0.47 -1.58% I'm lucky enough to get my tech support from JK Scheinberg, the engineer at Apple who led the effort that moved the Mac to Intel processors. A little restless after retiring in 2008, at 54, he figured he'd be a great fit for a position at an Apple store Genius Bar, despite being twice as old as anyone else at the group interview. "On the way out, all three of the interviewers singled me out and said, 'We'll be in touch,' " he said. "I never heard back." Apple, notoriously, employs very young staff in its stores. It is unlikely that anyone is more qualified to work at Apple than Scheinberg, who ran the famous "Marklar" Intel project. Business Insider described Marklar in an article on the extreme culture of secrecy inside Apple: Kim Scheinberg tells this story about her husband, Apple employee JK, who invented an Intel version of Mac OSX that ran on PCs. Bertrand Serlet, the svp of software engineering, liked the project: "Bertrand sits JK down and has a talk with him about how no one can know about this. No one. Suddenly, the home office has to be reconfigured to meet Apple security standards." "JK points out to Bertrand that I know about the project. In fact, not only do I know about it, I am the person who named it." "Bertrand tells JK that I am to forget everything I know, and he will not be allowed to speak to me about it again until it is publicly announced." "I guess he had some kind of 'Total Recall' memory wipe in mind." More on MSN Money: A Twitter version of the Genius Bar Click to expand Replay Video Trump says he helped keep Ford plant from moving Donald Trump claims credit for the automaker's decision to keep a plant in Kentucky rather than moving it to Mexico. CNBC One man in Georgia might have been inflating chicken prices nationwide A weekly bulletin released by the Georgia Department of Agriculture might've swayed billions of dollars in chicken purchases. Newsy Volkswagen shedding 30,000 jobs FRANKFURT, Germany — Automaker Volkswagen said Friday it will shed 30,000 jobs to cut costs as it tries to recover from its diesel emissions scandal and invests more in electric-powered vehicles and digital services. Company officials said that 23,000 of the job cuts will come in Germany. It said the measures will save some 3.7 billion euros ($4 billion) a year from 2020. Around 11 million cars worldwide have the deceptive software. CEO Matthias Mueller said it was "the biggest reform package in the history of our core brand." Wochit Business PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Apple Opens a Twitter Version of the Genius Bar Wochit Tech See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump says he helped keep Ford plant from moving CNBC0:38 One man in Georgia might have been inflating chicken prices nationwide Newsy1:07 Volkswagen shedding 30,000 jobs Wochit Business0:39 Lego opens its biggest store in the world in London The Wall Street Journal.1:08 McDonald's CEO: We are modernizing your burger experience CNN Money3:13 How Trump's policies will impact IPOs Bloomberg3:28 Yellen on Dodd-Frank: 'I wouldn't want to see the clock turned back' CNN Money2:36 Couple’s guide to collecting Social Security CNBC1:43 Alaska's pot businesses must pay taxes in cash Wochit Business0:43 Trump rode $5 billion in free media to the White House The Street0:59 South Africa game industry counts drought costs Reuters1:42 Trump's family matters: Mixing business, government Bloomberg2:38 Insurance ad parody video highlights industry tensions The Wall Street Journal.2:06 Check out the hottest cars from the L.A. Auto Show Fox Business3:04 A look at Nashville's music industry and health care BBC News1:32 Airplane ticket prices to fall in 2017 Reuters1:11 UP NEXT MacRumors has a nice summary of the story, too. It begins with Scheinberg realising that he could use an off-the-shelf Sony PC to run a version of Mac OS X, the Apple desktop operating system: Bertrand walks in, watches the PC boot up, and says to JK, "How long would it take you to get this running on a (Sony) Vaio?" JK replies, "Not long" and Bertrand says, "Two weeks? Three?" JK said more like two *hours*. Three hours, tops. Bertrand tells JK to go to Fry's (the famous West Coast computer chain) and buy the top of the line, most expensive Vaio they have. So off JK, Max and I go to Frys. We return to Apple less than an hour later. By 7:30 that evening, the Vaio is running the Mac OS. [My husband disputes my memory of this and says that Matt Watson bought the Vaio. Maybe Matt will chime in.] The next morning, Steve Jobs is on a plane to Japan to meet with the President of Sony. Go to MSN Home More in Money 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money What Trump's win could mean for older Americans CBS News 30 things you should never buy without a coupon GOBankingRates 6 brand mascots that actually existed in real life Business Insider 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney Up Next 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From Business Insider Stephen Hawking: Humans only have about 1,000 years left Business Insider Trump likely to embark on a victory tour of rallies in states he won Business Insider Here's when to split the bill evenly and when to pay your share Business Insider 7 innovations that are changing the way we manage diabetes, a disease that affects 371 million people worldwide Business Insider Business Insider View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
null
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual CrunchiesCelebrate Startups At TechCrunch's Awards Show This February Grab Your Tickets Today Virtual Reality Oculus is giving away its mesmerizing VR painting tool, Quill Like by smiling? Facebook acquires emotion detection startup FacioMetrics Google Earth brings its breathtaking views into VR Browse more... Intel Intel announces $250 million for autonomous driving tech How drones will reshape the enterprise Inside Intel’s race to build a new reality Browse more... Movidius Inside Intel’s race to build a new reality Movidius brings its computer vision tech to the world’s largest security camera maker Lenovo gets serious about VR with Movidius partnership Browse more... Intel buys computer vision startup Movidius as it looks to build up its RealSense platform Posted Sep 5, 2016 by Lucas Matney (@lucas_matney) 0 SHARES Next Story 11 reasons we didn’t invest in your company Intel’s RealSense platform was the star of its Intel Developer’s Forum conference in San Francisco last month and it seems the company is only looking to grow the scale and capabilities of its computer vision tech. Today, the company announced that it is acquiring the computer vision startup behind Google’s Project Tango 3D-sensor tech, Movidius. In a blog post, Movidius CEO Remi El-Ouazzane announced that his startup will continue in its goal of giving “the power of sight to machines” as it works with Intel’s RealSense technology. Movidius has seen a great deal of interest in its radically low-powered computer vision chipset, signing deals with major device makers, including Google, Lenovo and DJI. The eight-year old company has about 180 employees with offices in Silicon Valley, Ireland and Romania. The company had raised $86.5 million in funding across several rounds from investors including Summit Bridge Capital, Capital-E, DFJ and Emertec Gestion amongst others. Terms of the deal were not disclosed. “We’re on the cusp of big breakthroughs in artificial intelligence,” wrote El-Ouazzane. “In the years ahead, we’ll see new types of autonomous machines with more advanced capabilities as we make progress on one of the most difficult challenges of AI: getting our devices not just to see, but also to think.” The company’s Myriad 2 family of Vision Processor Units are being used at Lenovo to build the company’s next generation of virtual reality products while Google struck a deal with the company to deploy its neural computation engine on the platform to push the machine learning power of mobile devices. At its recent IDF developers conference, Intel made major announcements related to its depth-sensing RealSense platform, including a new virtual reality platform called Project Alloy, feature upgrades to its autonomous drone piloting and other initiatives aimed at enhancing computer vision in consumer and enterprise devices. Intel wants to get its RealSense sensor tech in as many devices as possible and a major key is keeping the power usage low enough to appeal to a broad array of devices. Movidius gives Intel an in to get its sensor tech on low-powered mobile devices. Movidius’s SoC claims a sub-1 Watt power budget, a rate much lower than competitors. “We see massive potential for Movidius to accelerate our initiatives in new and emerging technologies,” said Josh Walden, Senior Vice President and General Manager of Intel’s New Technology Group. “The ability to track, navigate, map and recognize both scenes and objects using Movidius’ low power and high performance SoCs opens up opportunities in areas where heat, battery life and form factors are key.” 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Intel Founded 1968 Overview Intel designs, manufactures, and sells integrated digital technology platforms worldwide. The company operates through PC client, data center, Internet of Things, mobile and communications groups; software and services; and all other segments. Its platforms are used in various computing applications comprising notebooks, desktops, servers, tablets, smartphones, wireless and wired connectivity products, … Location Santa Clara, CA Categories Semiconductor, Hardware, Software, Manufacturing Website http://www.intel.com/ Full profile for Intel Movidius Founded 2006 Overview Movidius is a vision processor company that designs compact, high-performance, ultralow power, computational imaging and vision processing chips, software, development tools and reference designs. Movidius’ architecture delivers a new wave of intelligent and contextually aware experiences for consumers in mobile and wearable devices, and other consumer and industrial camera applications. Movidius … Location San Mateo, CA Categories Semiconductor, Machine Learning, Product Design, Software, Artificial Intelligence, Mobile Founders Sean Mitchell, David Moloney Website http://www.movidius.com Full profile for Movidius Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Tesla Acquisition of SolarCity Approved | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Movidius Intel Virtual Reality Popular Posts Featured Stories Japanese unicorn Mercari is gunning for eBay’s crown 48 minutes ago | Haje Jan Kamps Google reverses its ‘digital death sentence’ for Pixel phone resellers 2 hours ago | Sarah Perez Confirmed: DraftKings and FanDuel are merging into one company 3 hours ago | Fitz Tepper Amazon Prime Video is finally going global to give Netflix some serious competition 12 hours ago | Jon Russell Latest From TechCrunch Gillmor Gang LIVE 11.18.16 36 seconds ago | Steve Gillmor Pokémon Sun and Moon break 3DS records with 10M units shipped globally 22 minutes ago | Darrell Etherington Listen makes phone numbers smarter with auto-responders, muting, reminders and more 32 minutes ago | Sarah Perez Seen enough? Here’s how to get the SEC’s attention 33 minutes ago | Connie Loizos Comment moderation powered by Up Next 11 reasons we didn’t invest in your company Posted Sep 5, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Director, Software Security @ Practice Fusion at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Developer at CastleBranch (Wilmington, NC, United States) Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Google reverses its ‘digital death sentence’ for Pixel phone resellers 2 hours ago by Sarah Perez Here’s the 19th batch of 500 Startups companies 1 hour ago by Matthew Lynley Confirmed: DraftKings and FanDuel are merging into one company 3 hours ago by Fitz Tepper Airbnb is turning itself into an ‘experience’ machine beyond just booking places to stay 23 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Niantic’s new invite-only “Portal Recon” tool lets players vote real-world locations into Ingress yesterday by Greg Kumparak Microsoft joins the Linux Foundation Nov 16, 2016 by Frederic Lardinois Shareholders approve Tesla acquisition of SolarCity 20 hours ago by Darrell Etherington Report: Apple asked manufacturing partners to explore making iPhones in the U.S. 8 hours ago by Jon Russell 500 Startups ditches the ‘accelerator’ brand as it looks to differentiate 1 hour ago by Matthew Lynley Amazon Prime Video is finally going global to give Netflix some serious competition 12 hours ago by Jon Russell
null
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Software  »  Security  »  News Intel doesn't want John McAfee to use his own name by Thomas McMullan  |  Tuesday 6 September 2016  | Comment Now Would a cybersecurity firm by any other name smell as sweet? Antivirus magnate and Character with a capital “C” John McAfee has filed a lawsuit against Intel, after the tech giant itself filed a letter saying he couldn’t call a company after his name. In May, McAfee announced he was joining MGT Capital Investments as chief financial officer, following the company’s acquisition of anti-spyware firm D-Vasive. Within a few months, the MGT announced its intention to change its name to “John McAfee Global Technologies, Inc”. According to court documents filed at the beginning of the month, posted by The Register, Intel is attempting to block this – pointing to its acquisition of the McAfee trademark when it bought the antivirus company for $US7.68 billion in 2010. “Any use of the McAfee name in connection with your company and its provision of D-Vasive’s anti-spy software or other security solutions would surely be likely to confuse customers as to the source of your company’s products, and/or suggest some affiliation or relationship with McAfee or Intel that does not exist,” wrote Intel managing counsel Kelly Smith in the letter, adding for good measure that “John McAfee does not have any right to use the McAfee name for security related goods and services”. McAfee sees things differently. Last Friday MGT Capital Investments and himself filed a lawsuit against Intel, citing a 1991 document outlining his sale of assets to McAfee Associates LP, in which he did not agree to stop using his name while conducting business. McAfee also points to the fact that in 2014 Intel changed the name of the McAfee antivirus line to Intel Security.   READ NEXT: AVG climbs the AV-Comparatives antivirus ratings According to Bloomberg, Intel is making plans to sell off its antivirus unit as part of an overall strategy to focus on its data-centre business. It's likely the company wants to keep clear ownership of the McAfee brand while in the process of attracting potential bidders, and is therefore unhappy with McAfee putting his moniker on MGT Capital Investments. It would be an understatement to say McAfee has had a dramatic past few years. While living in Belize in 2012, local police alleged he was tied up in unlicensed drug manufacturing, and later sought him as a person of interest after his neighbor was murdered. McAfee subsequently moved to Guatemala, and after a period of detainment he returned to the US where, in 2015, he announced his 2016 presidential campaign as a Libertarian Party Candidate, which he lost out on to New Mexico governor Gary Johnson. Two weeks ago, McAfee, now 70 years old, posted a video on YouTube titled ‘McAfee School of Badass: Now Open’. It’s... um, yeah. See for yourself. Related Articles Liveblog: Microsoft E3 Event - Halo 4, Smartglass, South Park and no new Xbox Liveblog: EA's 'The Download' - Sim City, pro-sports and Warfighter New screens from Dishonored - cloak, dagger and magic! Wargaming.net announces unified gaming service, and World of Battleships trailer Meeting the real Warfighters: A Medal of Honor day out Source: Copyright © Alphr, Dennis Publishing See more about:  dvasive  |  intel  |  john mcafee  |  mcafee antivirus  |  mgt capital investments   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Gallery: The PCs of PAX Australia 2016     How should we teach our kids to use digital media?     Report identifies path from online gaming to cyber-criminality     How inkjet cartridges are made     New screens and art from Dark Souls 3   More in Security (1 of 10 articles) NEWS This is PoisonTap - Kamkar tool can hack locked PCs << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (2 of 10 articles) NEWS Firefox Focus for iOS promises to tighten privacy while browsing << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (3 of 10 articles) NEWS Protect your privacy with SafeErase Professional 11 << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Malwarebytes 3.0 beta released << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (5 of 10 articles) NEWS New ransomware variant extorts your reputation rather than money << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (6 of 10 articles) NEWS Interest in encrypted email spikes following Trump win << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Russia launches probe into Microsoft after Kaspersky accusations << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (8 of 10 articles) NEWS 10-year-olds break safety rules set by parents to hide cyber-lives << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (9 of 10 articles) NEWS DDoS service's teenage inventor pleads guilty << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (10 of 10 articles) NEWS Researchers spot cyber-crooks actively upgrading Mirai botnet << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Security News This is PoisonTap - Kamkar tool can hack locked PCs Review Labs Brief: SecuraLive Antivirus Feature The Big Question: What's the best password manager? Group Test Group Test: Switch your antivirus Gallery Photos: AusCERT 2012 day one A-list Product Kaspersky Total Security From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories How to use Microsoft OneNote to organise your minutes, memos and more 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Fitbit Charge 2 verdict: the best-value fitness band Ingram Micro toasts 2016 partners Which VMware partners did we see at vForum Sydney? Telstra launches smart home-as-a-service SMS admits restructure led to sales pipeline collapse Inside Best Technology's 240-store upgrade for Woolworths POS Capgemini exposes millions of recruitment firm clients Big W shutters online shopping after data leak Banks rubbish Apple's security claims over NFC access How Westpac and the ASX are using the 'overhyped' blockchain 'Significant breakdowns' mar NSW shared services outsourcing Review: Motorsport Manager takes you to the races 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege PSA: You can play Red Dead Redemption on PC… kinda 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 10 essential tips to get you started in Civilization VI About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2016 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
null
null
About Us | Newsletter Sign Up Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: U.S. Analog IP Startup Partners with Megachips NEWS & ANALYSIS: Intel Preps its AI Strategy NEWS & ANALYSIS: Samsung's Naked Auto Desire: $8B Harman Buy NEWS & ANALYSIS: DSRC's 'Dead End,' Says Qualcomm Exec NEWS & ANALYSIS: Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal SPONSORED: Spend $3.14 at Arrow.com, get a FREE Raspberry Pi 3! News & Analysis Intel Spins out Security Group Rick Merritt 9/7/2016 07:30 PM EDT Post a comment NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet SAN JOSE, Calif. – Intel Corp. will sell 51% of its security group to a private equity company for $3.1 billion in cash, spinning it off as an independent company to be called McAfee. Under former chief executive Paul Otellini, the x86 giant bought McAfee in 2010 for $7.68 billion. Intel will retain 49% ownership of the new company in a transaction valuing the business at $4.2 billion. In a written statement, Intel called the new company “one of the world’s largest cybersecurity companies.” An estimated 7,500 McAfee employees will leave Intel at the close of transaction, expected in the second quarter of 2017. The move follows a broader reorg announced in April in which Intel said it is laying off 12,000 workers. In a research note, Deutsche Bank analyst Ross Seymore forecast the group would earn $2.2 billion this year with an operating margin of 17%. Overall, represents about 4% of Intel’s revenues and 2% of its operating profits, he said. “While taking a sizable loss is sub-optimal, we nonetheless applaud the company’s increasing focus on its core competencies and its efforts to become more efficient,” wrote Seymore. “We view this divestiture as consistent with CEO Brian Krzanich’s increasing focus on Intel’s core areas” such as the data center, the Internet of Things and non-volatile memory, he added. After a reorg last year, the group grew revenue 11% to $1.1 billion and operating income by 391% to $182 million in the first half of this year. In 2015, the group reported revenues of $2 billion and an operating margin of 11%. Chris Young, the general manager of the Intel group, will become the independent company’s chief executive. “We will continue to focus on solving the unique demands of customers in the dynamic cybersecurity marketplace, drive innovation that anticipates future market needs, and continue to grow through our strategic priorities,” Young said in a statement. — Rick Merritt, Silicon Valley Bureau Chief, EE Times Related posts: Intel to Plug Security Hole Between Cloud & Devices Intel Cuts 12,000, 11% of Staff ARM, Softbank and 1,500 Engineers McAfee deal brings Intel into mobile security Email This Print Comment More Related Links Integrated Resistors for an Advanced Node CMOS Qualcomm Boss Brainstorms on 5G Startup Programs Multicores on Data, Not Gut U.S. Analog IP Startup Partners with Megachips Chip Veterans Scan Horizon Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] Be the first to post a comment regarding this story. Most Recent Comments                 11/18/2016 12:39:51 PM realjjj Lots of options for electric bikes and pedelecs but prices are not great. I am somewhat tempted by pedelecs, pedaling a bit is not a bad thing and you also get good range, maybe... 11/18/2016 12:39:51 PM realjjj Lots of options for electric bikes and pedelecs but prices are not great. I am somewhat tempted by pedelecs, pedaling a bit is not a bad thing and you also get good range, maybe... 11/18/2016 12:05:44 PM Max The Magnificent @Elizabeth...There's something about having a commute with a substatial hill on each end that discourages bicycling... I'm from Sheffield, England. Like Rome, Sheffield is spread... 11/18/2016 11:59:07 AM Howman Though hapless Harry is now blissfully cleaning up his ACT (Antique Cluster of Technology), he will soon find out what the cleanroom manager does with his contraband feather d... 11/18/2016 11:58:17 AM sw guy OK, now I understand what you meant, thanks 11/18/2016 11:55:30 AM Lefty4 But how do you know it's the first 10nm SoC in production? The other SoC's that I mentioned are probably also in production, so the only way to tell who is first is when the actual... 11/18/2016 11:55:02 AM elizabethsimon That MATE bike is really very appealing. Maybe I should ask for one of those instead of the minizum. I could actually see riding something like that to work.And it's portable... 11/18/2016 11:28:25 AM elizabethsimon Actually the city center doesn't need to be flat for this to be useful but it's helpful if there is a bike path. I've got a non-electric kick scooter which is fun on the flat... 11/18/2016 11:14:06 AM realjjj Would be a bit foolish to make a guess with little info. Based on history, they would likely keep evolving the GPU to better fit this task, the question is how much and how fast.... 11/18/2016 10:57:38 AM Max The Magnificent @Antedeluvian" ...How do you fit 4 elephants in a mini? two in the front and two at the back! And people wonder why I drink LOL Navigate to Related Links Integrated Resistors for an Advanced Node CMOS Qualcomm Boss Brainstorms on 5G Startup Programs Multicores on Data, Not Gut U.S. Analog IP Startup Partners with Megachips Chip Veterans Scan Horizon Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest November 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest: Pulvis et umbra sumus "Your caption here!" 70 comments All Cartoons October 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest "Trick or Treat" A vacuum tube for you, an old transformer for you...ah, here's a real treat, a paper capacitor! 119 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  62   Why, Windows 10, Why?  51   TSMC, GF/Samsung Battle at 7nm  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  41   What Is Best & Worst STEM-Related Music Ever?  41   Accident on a Dark Freeway  37   Samsung to Ship 10nm SoCs in 2016  36   Did Processor Cause Samsung Note 7 Blowup?  32   What Are the Coolest Engineering Gifts?  30   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  29   Rad-Tolerant Lockstep Quad Core 8051 Uses ...  32   What Are the Coolest Engineering Gifts?  30   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  14   Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal  9   3D XPoint  Reality, Opportunity, and ...  8   3D Printed Buses Here  5   DSRCs Dead End, Says Qualcomm Exec  5   Samsung Makes 10nm Qcomm SoC  4   Samsung's Naked Auto Desire: $8B Harman Buy  3   Electronica Settles into Automotive, ...  3   Intel Preps its AI Strategy Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Sign up for EE Times newsletter GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan ESC Brazil Communities EE Times | EDN | EBN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Design News | DesignCon | ESC Working With Us: About | Editorial Policies | Contact Us | Media Kits | Reprints Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2016 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 8 September 2016 | MYT 7:05 AM Intel to spin out security unit, sell stake in business to TPG for US$3.1bil TPG will own 51 percent of the new entity, valuing the entire company at $4.2 billion including debt. Intel, which bought McAfee for $7.7 billion in 2011, will retain a 49 percent stake in the business. - Reuters NEW YORK: Intel Corp said it would spin out its cyber security division, formerly known as McAfee, and sell a majority stake in it to investment firm TPG for US$3.1 billion in cash. TPG will own 51 percent of the new entity, valuing the entire company at $4.2 billion including debt. Intel, which bought McAfee for $7.7 billion in 2011, will retain a 49 percent stake in the business. The deal ends a failed effort by Intel to stake out a major position in the computer security business. At the time of the acquisition, Intel spoke of integrating McAfee security technology into its chips, but little came of those plans. Intel executives at the time also said they hoped the acquisition would give it a piece of the emerging business of protecting corporations from sophisticated espionage, but newer players such as Mandiant, now a unit of FireEye<FEYE.O>, came to dominate that business. At the same time, PC growth slowed, eroding the traditional McAfee customer base’s potential. The unit, rebranded as Intel Security Group in 2014, will revert to the McAfee brand name following the closing of the deal, expected in the second quarter of 2017. McAfee’s founder, John McAfee, was for a time on the run from a murder investigation in Belize and is a pariah in the industry. He recently sued Intel to get back the right to use his name. Chris Young, Intel Security's general manager, will be named chief executive of the new company. Intel Security's revenue rose 11 percent to $1.1 billion through the first half of this year, the company said in a statement. TPG, which is making a $1.1 billion equity investment in the company, first approached Intel’s board about a potential transaction for McAfee around a year ago, sources familiar with the matter said. TPG also led a $120 million investment round for security startup Tanium last year and was the lead investor in a $100 million funding round in internet security firm Zscaler.- Reuters Tags / Keywords: Stocks , Earnings , Foreign News , Corporate News , Investing You May Be Interested MDEC and UOA Holdings to set up gaming hub Breakfast briefing: Friday, November 18 Stocks falter; euro hits dollar low for year Malaysia intervenes to help sagging ringgit: official China badminton star Lin Dan apologises for affair with model while wife was pregnant Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Bonus for civil servants Billionaire Widjaja family puts Singapore on the spot The Star's executive editor Soo Ewe Jin passes away Property Related advertisement Latest News Stocks falter; euro hits dollar low for year ECB chief Draghi hints at more stimulus to come Opec moves closer to oil output deal as Iran gets new offer Wall St flat at the open; Nasdaq hits record high Prestariang wins RM3.5bil deal to revamp Immigration’s IT system Most Viewed in Business Prestariang wins RM3.5bil deal to revamp Immigration’s IT system Ringgit continues slide Malaysia intervenes to help sagging ringgit: official Billionaire Widjaja family puts Singapore on the spot Opec moves closer to oil output deal as Iran gets new offer Ringgit opens lower against US dollar MDEC and UOA Holdings to set up gaming hub Prince Alwaleed sees Saudi currency depeg as last resort SC appoints Gumuri as AOB executive chairman Wall St flat at the open; Nasdaq hits record high advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Contact SFGate Customer Support Submissions & Tips Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants News Bay Area & State Education Traffic Nation World Politics Crime Election Results Obituaries Smell the Truth Traffic accident near Golden Gate Bridge snarls traffic Rainy weekend could put damper on Big Game Rohnert Park man busted in club-drug smuggling sting Trump effect on Calif. vote? Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Ward chases greatness in light heavyweight title bout Warriors game day: Can Golden State stop Celtics’ Isaiah Reid Travis, Stanford defense thwart Weber State High school football games of the week, Nov. 18 Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Pro-Trump bots overwhelmed pro-Clinton messages, researchers say Facebook adds FacioMetrics; a mansplaining hotline Judge scolds SF, Airbnb while staying fines in short-term rental Airbnb aims to handle full-service travel, competing with Expedia Entertainment The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events Puzzles TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do With “Fantastic Beasts,” Potter formula does the trick again The latest from Dear Abby Paul Verhoeven’s ‘Elle’ gives Huppert her defining role Johnny Marr on tour with autobiography, not band Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Sriracha-themed Lexus is one hot custom car Revival at the Applewood Inn: The 3-star review that wasn’t The Elite Café: remodeled and refreshed La Urbana closes on Divisadero Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities How to throw an unforgettable holiday party Fewer U.S. parents are spanking their kids 14 fresh ways to mix vintage style into a modern home Read a California student's letter to Donald Trump Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Suite Spot: Chaminade Resort & Spa, Santa Cruz Insider: Guidebook author’s Santa Cruz favorites Rick Steves: Communicate even if you don’t know the lingo Stargazing in Lake County Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Gutted Bernal Heights Victorian turned Contemporary view home awaits in Cow Hollow See the Sea Cliff mansion with cliffside hot tub and Golden Gate Hot Property: Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car An Artfully Performing SUV 1955 Beardmore Taxi A mid-size fuel saving hybrid without a plug Nurse finds adventure in ’66 Porsche Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Know why you need to develop self-awareness Shape up your resume to open more doors of opportunity Know how to ace an executive interview When reading your resume, the first 20 seconds count for Video Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Thomas Lee Matier & Ross C.W Nevius Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler The ultimate NorCal brewery map Top 100 Restaurants Warriors show their style off the court MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Hewlett-Packard-Enterprise-Intel-announce-big-9208595.php Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Intel announce big spin-offs Chronicle News Services Published 3:19 pm, Wednesday, September 7, 2016 Two Silicon Valley giants said Wednesday that they are spinning off software units, with Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. teaming up with a British company and Intel preparing to turn cybersecurity firm McAfee into an independent business once more. Hewlett Packard Enterprise’s deal is worth $8.8 billion, and the Palo Alto company says it will help it focus on faster-growing businesses. It said that the spun-off software businesses — they include big data, security for big companies and IT operations management units — will merge with British software company Micro Focus International. Hewlett Packard Enterprise will get a $2.5 billion cash payment and a 50.1 percent stake in the combined company. The deal requires antitrust approval. CEO Meg Whitman is looking for more ways to pare down her company to make it nimbler. The move follows the announcement in May that Hewlett Packard Enterprise would merge its technology-services division with Computer Sciences in a deal valued at about $8.5 billion. “They are fantastic assets,” Whitman said. “They’re just not core to our strategy.” As for the other move, Santa Clara’s Intel, which bought McAfee for $7.7 billion six years ago, announced that it had sold a majority stake in its cybersecurity business to investment firm TPG, in a transaction valuing the security provider at about $4.2 billion, including debt. The move will bring McAfee independence at a time when cybersecurity businesses have grown more prominent amid seemingly omnipresent hacking threats. Under the terms of the deal, McAfee will borrow money to pay an approximately $2 billion dividend to Intel, which will retain a 49 percent stake in the business. TPG will pay $1.1 billion in cash for a 51 percent stake. The business, currently called Intel Security, will once again adopt the McAfee name when the deal closes, which is expected to be in the second quarter of 2017. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. FIERCE OBAMA CRITICS CHOSEN Trump security picks signal sharp policy shift to the right Ford: Trump influenced decision to not move facility to Mexico Kanye West tells San Jose crowd he would've voted for Trump Researchers: Pro-Trump bots overwhelmed pro-Clinton messages Latest News Rainy weekend ahead, could dampen the Big Game fun Accident near Golden Gate Bridge snarls traffic Moose found frozen in Alaskan stream, locked at antlers 4 found unconscious at Orange County night club George Takei: Don't let Muslims be interned Rohnert Park man busted in club-drug smuggling sting King: Brace yourselves, cities, we don’t know what’s ahead Monroe dress for Kennedy birthday song fetches huge $$ at auction 12 takeaways from the Calif. vote: Separating myths from reality Study: 2 gun-control laws really do lower homicides (3 others... Trump's election triggers flood of immigration questions What will pollsters do after 2016? Lisa Lynn Masters, 'Kimmy Schmidt' actress, dies at 52 Robert Vaughn, suave 'Man from UNCLE' star, dies at 83 Bernal Heights home gutted, now selling for $3.2 mil Sea Cliff mansion with Golden Gate views goes for almost $18M Time picks 100 most influential photos of all time Rare, unseen photos will make you see SF in a new way Today's Gate Features The 16 tech positions with the biggest gender pay gaps Locally-made beers you must try this winter Contemporary view home awaits in Cow Hollow SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Grab this normally $100 touchscreen smartwatch for just $30 Save $35 on these cutting-edge, truly wireless earbuds Most Popular 1 Lisa Lynn Masters, ‘Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt,’ ‘Law &... 2 12 takeaways from the Calif. vote: Separating the myth from... 3 Shifting US policy to right, Trump taps Sessions, Flynn 4 Garrison Keillor: Life after the election 5 Obama warns Trump: 'If you're not serious' about the... 6 Kanye West says if he'd voted, he would've voted for Trump 7 Judge awards damages of $36M in Bobbi Kristina death case 8 4 found unconscious at Orange County night club 9 Horoscope for Friday, 11/18/16 by Christopher Renstrom 10 Patterson man suspected of having sex with girl in Oakland View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Member Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Free Subscription See the Current Issue Archived Issues Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search Submit News and Products Automotive Industrial Industrial Hardware Industrial Software Industrial Networking Sensors and Control Human Interface Test & Measurement Smart Energy IoT Development Kit Selector Hardware Boards Sensors Systems Development Kit Selector Dev Tools and OS RTOS Virtualization Processing DSP IP Microcontroller Programmable Logic SoC …More Networking Cloud Storage Security DIY Development Kit Selector Medical Military PLUS: Embedded TechCon Ray Zinn: Lessons from a Leader List of Authors RSS Reference Designs Dev Kit Selector Newsletters Embedded Daily IoT Design Weekly Embedded Europe E-newsletter Automotive Embedded Systems Monthly E-Letter Webcasts E-Letter COMMELL unveils new products based on Skylake-U processors COMMELL - Leave a Comment COMMELL, the worldwide leader of Industrial Single Board Computers, unveils Embedded boards in various form factors based on Intel(r) 6th generation "Skylake-U" Core(tm) processor family. these Embedded boards include Mini-ITX LV-67T, Pico-ITX LP-175 and 3.5" miniboard LE-37G. Taiwan Commate Computer Inc.(COMMELL), the worldwide leader of Industrial Single Board Computers, unveils Embedded boards in various form factors based on Intel® 6th generation "Skylake-U" Core™ processor family. The U-series 6th generation Intel® Core™ i3/i5/i7 leverage the power efficiency of a new 14nm microarchitecture to deliver best-in-class performance. Supporting up to two cores and four threads with Intel® HT Technology, these Embedded boards include Mini-ITX LV-67T, Pico-ITX LP-175 and 3.5" miniboard LE-37G. These products are designed to meet requirements of a broad range of embedded applications, including retail and transaction solutions, Signage, Information Kiosk, Gaming platforms, Medical equipment, Industrial automation, Industry 4.0 and Internet of Things (IOT). LV-67T Mini-ITX platform is designed for the 6th generation Intel® Core™ U-series processors with configurable 15W TDP. Its memory support dual channel DDR4 2133MHz up to 32GB. Advanced Intel® HD520 Graphics provides DirectX 12, OpenGL 4.4 and OPenCL 2.0 API, supports LVDS, DVI-I and one DP port(or VGA) for triple display. Rich I/O includes 4 x USB2.0, 4 x USB3.0, 2 x SATAIII support RAID 0,1. 1 x RS232/422/485, 5 x RS232, 1 x DIO, 1 x SMBUS, 1 x LPC, Dual Gigabit Ethernet ports: 1 x Intel® I210-AT and 1 x Intel® I219-LM( support iAMT11), Realtek ALC262 HD Audio, For the expansion slot, comes with 1 x PCI, 1 x Mini-PCI, 1 x SIM slot and 2 x Mini-PCIe(Card 2 support mSATA). ATX power or DC +9 ~ 24V wide power range supported. LP-175 Pico-ITX, equips with Intel® Core™ i3/i5/i7 (U-series), supports DDR4 2133MHz up to 16GB. Advanced Intel® HD520 Graphics supports 1 x HDMI, 1 x LVDS, 1 x DisplayPort(or VGA, requires COMMELL ADP-3355 DP to VGA module) for triple display. Rich I/O includes 2 x USB2.0, 2 x USB3.0, 1 x SATAIII, 2 x RS232, 1 x LPC, 1 x Intel® I219-LM Gigabit LAN( support iAMT11), Realtek ALC262 HD Audio, 1 x Mini-PCIe expansion slot(support mSATA). 5V power input. LE-37G 3.5" Miniboard, supports Intel® Core™ i3/i5/i7 (U-series), with one DDR4 2133MHz up to 16GB. Advanced Intel® HD520 Graphics supports 1 x HDMI, 1 x LVDS, 1 x DisplayPort(or VGA, requires COMMELL ADP-3355 DP to VGA module) for triple display. Rich I/O includes 4 x USB2.0, 4 x USB3.0, 2 x SATAIII support RAID 0,1. 1 x RS232/422/485, 5 x RS232, 1 x DIO, 1 x SMBUS, Dual Gigabit Ethernet ports: 1 x Intel® I210-AT and 1 x Intel® I219-LM( support iAMT11), Realtek ALC262 HD Audio, expansion slots come with 1 x SIM slot and 2 x Mini-PCIe(Card 2 support mSATA). DC +9 ~ 24V wide power range supported. About COMMELL COMMELL is a leading supplier of Single Board Computers and focuses on developing the most advanced and reliable IPC products. In addition to promise our customers constantly stay ahead of this competitive business, we are always in search of disruptive & incremental sustaining innovation. We treat every of our customer as partner and provide the best services and total support. The combination of innovation, superior quality, and excellent services will ensure both Taiwan Commate Computer Inc., and our customers always have the competitive edge in the computer world. For further information about COMMELL is available at www.commell.com.tw Advertisement Embedded Computing Design Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search © MMXVI Embedded Computing Design An OpenSystems Media publication. Home Archived Issues About Advertise Submit an Article Submit News and Products Privacy Policy Contact Last updated: Thu, 17 Nov 2016 10:03:53 +0000
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 53-57 We set you thinking Saturday 19 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Bersih leaders, opposition figures detained in pre-rally swoop 1479457860 Singapore Good Shepherd Loft facing closure over breach of safety regulations 1479477480 World France asks coalition to launch offensive to surround Raqqa: government spokesman 1479489583 World Fillon, the man who might surprise in France's presidential race 1479489266 World Myanmar rejects reports army killed Rohingya fleeing Rakhine conflict 1479489207 Business Novartis backs off from 2016 date for testing Google autofocus lens 1479488344 World Far from Mosul, Islamic State close to defeat in Libya's Sirte 1479487178 Business Fiat Chrysler teams up with Amazon to sell cars online 1479488612 World Iraqi troops expand foothold in Mosul as IS pledges more suicide attacks 1479481934 Business Abercrombie, Gap forecasts signal tough holiday quarter for retailers 1479488514 World Race wide open as France ticks down to presidential primaries 1479489466 World Pacific rim leaders debate future of trade after Trump win 1479488546 World Iraqi forces struggle to tell friend from foe in Mosul street battle 1479413065 World Trump and NATO chief hold phone call, agree on alliance's importance 1479488148 World U.S. pushes for U.N. to blacklist South Sudan's Machar, Malong 1479487701 Business China files appeal in U.S. anti-dumping case: WTO 1479487684 Business Mexico's market carnage spawns buying opportunities, investors say 1479487376 Business Wall Street slips; indexes still near record highs 1479486043 World NATO says 'absolutely confident' of Trump leadership in alliance 1479464858 Lifestyle 2017 health and fitness trends to jump into now 1479486060 Singapore The Big Read: Despite much fretting about jobs, lots of vacancies go a-begging 1479486360 World Chile's President Bachelet again reshuffles cabinet 1479484138 World Turkish ruling party sparks uproar with sexual abuse bill 1479484810 World Battle for Aleppo escalates, U.N. sees 'bleak moment' 1479485089 World Minister's arrest leaves Russian officials asking: Who's next? 1479484362 Business U.S. tentatively blocks expansion of American Airlines-Qantas alliance 1479484549 World Venezuela frees jailed politician, opposition seeks more releases 1479485367 World Trump effect hammers Renzi's referendum hopes, Italian pollsters say 1479485578 World U.N. says Syria's Aleppo faces 'bleak moment', all aid convoys blocked 1479484591 Business Fed's Bullard leaning toward supporting December rate hike 1479485254 Business Oil down on firmer dollar, set for weekly gain on OPEC hopes 1479485687 Singapore Eight Big Splash tenants offered lease extensions 1479484573 World Macedonian prosecutor investigates secret police over tapping of 4,000 phones 1479483294 World Tensions boil over in overcrowded Greek migrant camp 1479480439 Business Brookfield Asset proposes to take 50-60 percent stake in TerraForm Power 1479481824 World Thousands of Indonesians expected to rally against rising intolerance 1479465554 World Aleppo convoy 'war crime' could go to Security Council: deputy U.N. chief 1479483428 World Malaysia arrests pro-democracy leader ahead of anti-PM rally 1479483617 Business Volkswagen to cut 30,000 jobs 1479482009 World U.N. council extends inquiry into Syria toxic gas attacks 1479483428 Singapore Govt watching economy closely, will step in if necessary 1479483372 World India's move to curb black money a 'disaster' for rural women, activists say 1479479491 World Zimbabwean anti-government activists shot at, beaten, abducted 1479480229 World UK's May tells Germany: Brexit preparations are 'on track' 1479479437 World Venezuela rejoins global anti-'blood diamonds' group 1479480075 World Oman's Sultan Qaboos makes first public appearance in nearly a year 1479480338 Business Fantasy sports arch rivals DraftKings, FanDuel to merge 1479479950 Business Exclusive: Glencore seeks $550 million to raise stakes in Kurdish oil game 1479479685 World Social media’s globe-shaking power 1479481884 Business Trump opens doors for China in Latin America: Bloomberg View 1479481884 Business Intel to spin out security unit, sell stake in business to TPG The logo of Intel, the world's largest chipmaker is seen at their offices in Jerusalem. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:30 AM, September 8, 2016 Updated: 8:10 AM, September 8, 2016 Intel Corp <INTC.O> said it would spin out its cyber security division, formerly known as McAfee, and sell a majority stake in it to investment firm TPG for $3.1 billion in cash. TPG will own 51 percent of the new entity, valuing the entire company at $4.2 billion including debt. Intel, which bought McAfee for $7.7 billion in 2011, will retain a 49 percent stake in the business. The deal ends a failed effort by Intel to stake out a major position in the computer security business. At the time of the acquisition, Intel spoke of integrating McAfee security technology into its chips, but little came of those plans. Intel executives at the time also said they hoped the acquisition would give it a piece of the emerging business of protecting corporations from sophisticated espionage, but newer players such as Mandiant, now a unit of FireEye <FEYE.O>, came to dominate that business. At the same time, PC growth slowed, eroding the traditional McAfee customer base’s potential. The unit, rebranded as Intel Security Group in 2014, will revert to the McAfee brand name following the closing of the deal, expected in the second quarter of 2017. McAfee’s founder, John McAfee, was for a time on the run from a murder investigation in Belize and is a pariah in the industry. He recently sued Intel to get back the right to use his name. Chris Young, Intel Security's general manager, will be named chief executive of the new company. Intel Security's revenue rose 11 percent to $1.1 billion through the first half of this year, the company said in a statement. TPG, which is making a $1.1 billion equity investment in the company, first approached Intel’s board about a potential transaction for McAfee around a year ago, sources familiar with the matter said. TPG also led a $120 million investment round for security startup Tanium last year and was the lead investor in a $100 million funding round in internet security firm Zscaler. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yellen says Fed could raise interest rates 'relatively soon' World debut: Jaguar unveils all-electric I-Pace SUV With tougher rules, China wants fewer, but better, electric car makers With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? Wells Fargo account openings slow in October after scandal Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Wall street stocks lifted by data, earnings Yellen remarks Wall Street slips; indexes still near record highs Wall Street rises, lifted by technology and energy stocks Inside Today World France asks coalition to launch offensive to surround Raqqa: government spokesman Race wide open as France ticks down to presidential primaries Fillon, the man who might surprise in France's presidential race Myanmar rejects reports army killed Rohingya fleeing Rakhine conflict Pacific rim leaders debate future of trade after Trump win Business Fiat Chrysler teams up with Amazon to sell cars online Pacific rim leaders debate future of trade after Trump win Abercrombie, Gap forecasts signal tough holiday quarter for retailers Novartis backs off from 2016 date for testing Google autofocus lens China files appeal in U.S. anti-dumping case: WTO Sports Joseph Schooling is home, as packed week awaits From football’s whipping boys to regional heavyweights NZ surprises by hiring Scotsman as sevens coach Experienced defence the key in Lions’ Suzuki Cup bid Want to stay happy and positive? Exercise Entertainment Monroe’s ‘Happy Birthday Mr. President’ gown sold for almost S$7m Bollywood actress Mallika Sherawat attacked in Paris Five reasons why you should watch Legend Of The Blue Sea Got a film idea to share with Eric Khoo or Kelvin Tong? Goodbye, Plainsunset About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good HPE tape library permits unauthorised remote access Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Hacking Medical Security St Jude sues short-selling MedSec over pacemaker 'hack' report Defibrillator security saga will go to court 7 Sep 2016 at 22:00, Shaun Nichols Shaun Nichols Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Ios, Apple, Fcc, Microsoft, Google Recent Articles Chinese chap in the clink for trying to swap US Navy FPGAs with fakes to beat export ban RIP EarthLink, 1994–2016: From AOL killer to regional ISP's attic Teen in the dock on terror apologist charge for naming Wi-Fi network 'Daesh 21' Medical device maker St Jude has filed suit against a security startup that shorted its stock and publicized alleged flaws in its products for profit. Pacemaker supplier St Jude has sued both MedSec and investment research biz Muddy Waters in Minnesota, America, as well as three other individuals it says falsely reported serious vulnerabilities in its pacemakers and defibrillators. The allegations [PDF] include false advertising, false statements, conspiracy, and market manipulation. "We felt this lawsuit was the best course of action to make sure those looking to profit by trying to frighten patients and caregivers, and by circumventing appropriate and established channels for raising cybersecurity concerns, do not use this avenue to do so again,” St Jude president and CEO Michael Rousseau said in announcing the suit. "We believe this lawsuit is critical to the entire medical device ecosystem – from our patients who have our life saving devices, to the physicians and caregivers who care for them, to the responsible security researchers who help improve security, to the long-term St Jude Medical investors who incurred losses due to false accusations as part of a wrongful profit-making scheme." Muddy Waters and MedSec made headlines in August when they claimed to have discovered security vulnerabilities in St Jude's pacemaker and defibrillators that could be exploited by hackers to put patients' lives at risk. Rather than disclose the flaws to the manufacturer, the MedSec team instead went to investment house Muddy Waters and turned a tidy profit by short-selling St Jude's stock after its price dropped when they published their damning claims. Shortly after the MedSec and Muddy Waters report hit the markets, however, St Jude disputed the vulnerability claims and alleged the entire scheme had been made up to manipulate its stock price. "Our top priority is to reassure patients, caregivers and physicians who use our life-saving devices that we are committed to the security of our products, and to ensure patients and their doctors maintain ongoing access to the proven clinical benefits of remote monitoring," said St Jude vice president and chief medical officer Mark Carlson. "We decided to take this action because of the irresponsible manner in which these groups have acted." Experts at the University of Michigan also poured doubt on one claim by MedSec that St Jude's equipment is remotely brickable. ® Sponsored: The state of mobile security maturity Tips and corrections 18 Comments More from The Register Project Loon ready for Sri Lanka test Government in spectrum-for-cash deal to assess viability, tolerance for HappyHype! 4 Comments Sri Lanka braves monsoon with Loon broadband balloons Google scores whole-of-country deal for internet-over-windbags 4 Comments Muddying the waters of infosec: Cyber upstart, investors short medical biz – then reveal bugs Analysis Some sharks wear suits and ties 20 Comments Waters named HPE boss on his 40th b'day For absence of doubt, we mean birthday 4 Comments Microsoft sues US DoJ for right to squeal when Feds slurp your data Mad Nad and bad-ass Brad slam Sam in court thwart 15 Comments Microsoft tries, fails to crush 'gender bias' lawsuit brought by its own women engineers Redmond under fire for allegedly broken rating scheme 48 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Demand-driven application control: assuring application performance The evolution of enterprise applications, the data centers in which they reside and the increasing expectations of businesses and end-users on the Quality of Service delivered. Protecting and Empowering your Connected Organization There’s a big change happening in IT security and device management. Security was once largely limited to the confines of an on-premises world, but now it must extend to the cloud, as well as a myriad of mobile devices. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Hewlett Packard Enterprise to outsource global IT team to CSC borg Spotlight Some! at! Yahoo! knew! about! mega-breach! as! early! as! 2014! Blood donors' privacy anaemic after Red Cross data breach Good luck securing 'things' when users assume 'stuff just works' Democralypse Now? US election first battle in new age of cyberwarfare You've been hacked. What are you liable for? Securing Office 365? There's always more you can do National Cyber Security Centre to shift UK to 'active' defence You call it 'hacking.' I call it 'investigation' Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Intel to spin out security unit, sell stake in business to TPG News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Intel to spin out security unit, sell stake in business to TPG Intel Corp said it would spin out its cybersecurity division, formerly known as McAfee, and sell a majority stake in it to investment firm TPG for US$3.1 billion in cash. Posted 08 Sep 2016 04:30 Updated 08 Sep 2016 05:05 The logo of Intel, the world's largest chipmaker is seen at their offices in Jerusalem, April 20, 2016. REUTERS/Ronen Zvulun/File Photo Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Intel Corp said it would spin out its cybersecurity division, formerly known as McAfee, and sell a majority stake in it to investment firm TPG for US$3.1 billion in cash. TPG will own 51 percent of the new entity, valuing the entire company at US$4.2 billion including debt. Intel, which bought McAfee for US$7.7 billion in 2011, will retain a 49 percent stake in the business. The unit, rebranded as Intel Security Group in 2014, will revert to the McAfee brand name following the closing of the deal, expected in the second quarter of 2017. Chris Young, Intel Security's general manager, will be named chief executive of the new company. Intel Security's revenue rose 11 percent to US$1.1 billion through the first half of this year, the company said in a statement. (Reporting by Supantha Mukherjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18872.97 -0.16%   S&P 500 ▲ 2182.84 -0.20%   Nasdaq ▲ 5326.36 -0.14%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -14/32 yield 2.356%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.52 0.22%   Euro ▲ 1.0589 -0.36%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Facebook Fends Off Crises With Confidence China Presses U.S. Tech Firms to Police the Internet Tesla, SolarCity Merger Gets Shareholder Approval South Korea Blocks Google From Expanding Local Maps Personal Technology Nintendo NES Classic Edition Review: The Best Gadget Gift Since 1985 DraftKings, FanDuel Agree to Merge Salesforce Posts Rising Revenue, Lifts Outlook District Attorney’s Office Can’t Unlock 423 Apple Devices Theranos Whistleblower Shook the Company—and His Family What Will Happen to H-1B Skilled-Worker Visas Under Donald Trump? Intel Uses Acquired Chips to Drive Deep Learning AOL Will Lay Off Close to 500 Employees Intuit Sees Sales Rise on Increased Quickbook Subscribers Best Buy Gets Boost From Online Sales Facebook Says It Found More Miscalculated Metrics Russia Blocks LinkedIn Mazda CEO Says Electric Cars Coming in 2019 CMO Today: AT&amp;T Reads Trump Tea Leaves on Merger China Tencent’s Profit Jumps on Games Gains Personal Technology How to Win at Christmas Shopping: Don’t Just Trust Amazon Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Tech Intel Agrees to Sell Majority Stake in Security Unit to TPG Deal values McAfee at about $4.2 billion, including debt By Dana Mattioli, Dana Mattioli The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyDana Mattioli @DanaMattioli dana.mattioli@wsj.com Matt Jarzemsky and Don Clark Don Clark The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyDon Clark @donal888 www.facebook.com/DonClark Don.Clark@wsj.com Updated Sept. 7, 2016 6:35 p.m. ET Intel Corp. agreed to sell a majority stake in its computer-security unit to private-equity firm TPG, partly reversing a five-year-old acquisition that has largely proved disappointing. TPG will take a 51% stake in the business in a deal that values it at $4.2 billion including debt, Intel said in a statement Wednesday confirming an earlier report in The Wall Street Journal. The business, recently called Intel Security, will use... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos A Reporter's View From the Trump Tower Lobby Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds Wilson, Wyo.: The Priciest Town You Never Heard Of Nintendo NES Classic Edition Takes You Back to ’85 Donald Trump's Long List for Secretary of State Most Popular Articles Theranos Whistleblower Shook the Company—and His Family Opinion: The Democrats Double Down Opinion: What to Tell Your Children About Trump Trump, Ford and Kentucky Jobs: What’s Really Happening Trump Children Won’t Have Formal White House Roles Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Google+ Twitter YouTube Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Hardware Researchers develop hardware component to boost core-to-core communications in CPUs By Shawn Knight on Sep 7, 2016, 6:00 AM TechSpot Researchers from North Carolina State University in collaboration with Intel have come up with a method that significantly boosts the communication between cores of a processor. Processors powering today’s computers and mobile devices rely on multiple cores that work together to tackle workloads. This is currently achieved by sending and receiving software commands between cores. While this method does work, it takes time which slows down a chip’s overall performance. Researchers at NC State knew they could do better. With help from Intel, the team created a new chip design that replaces the aforementioned software middleman with an integrated hardware solution that accelerates communication between cores. Yan Solihin, a professor of electrical and computer engineering at NC State and co-author of a paper on the matter, calls the approach the core-to-core communication acceleration framework (CAF). According to the professor, CAF improves communication performance by two to 12 times which translates to execution times – from start to finish – that are at least twice as fast. The magic behind the CAF design is a small device attached to the processor called a queue management device (QMD) that, in addition to keeping track of communication requests between cores, can perform simple computational functions. Because of this, it can accelerate some basic computational functions by up to 15 percent. Solihin said his team is currently looking to develop other on-chip devices that could accelerate additional multi-core computations. Their work will be presented in a paper titled, “CAF: Core to Core Communication Acceleration Framework” at the 25th Annual Conference on Parallel Architectures and Compilation Techniques in Israel on September 11. Related Reads Researchers build the world's first 1,000-core processor Researchers develop invisibility cloaking tech using readily available lenses Researchers develop ultra-fast light-based microprocessor 7 comments 195 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… HP Z2 Mini boasts workstation-class specs in a tiny package Kaby Lake desktop lineup may include an overclockable Core i3 EVGA patch prevents GeForce 10-series cards from going up in flames Popular 33 comments Make Chrome great again: Performance and memory tweaks Samsung SSD 960 Evo 500GB Review: The king of the TLC hill Load Comments 7 ... User Comments: 7 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 14 Getting 5.1 surround through S/PDIF 3.5mm jack 8 Rebuilding a PC 14 I am going to build my next super PC Please tell me your thoughts 10 Budget gaming build 17 Removing "line in" echo from Realtek HD Audio output (if it is not a sound effect) Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Desktop PC News / Video: Hands-on with the modular HP Elite Slice and fabric-clad Pavilion Wave Video: Hands-on with the modular HP Elite Slice and fabric-clad Pavilion Wave by Michael Passingham 07 September 2016 0 shares Read Comments HP has launched a pair of new PCs that might be the most unusual desktops we’ve seen in months. The HP Elite Slice and the Pavilion Wave were unveiled at IFA 2016, where we were able to get a closer look. HP Pavilion Wave: It’s a PC that’s also a speaker The Pavilion Wave will divide opinion. Coated in quality fabric it looks like a high-end Bluetooth speaker, with the B&O branding on the front only adding to that feel. I think it’s supremely attractive and one of the best-looking compact desktops around, but TrustedReviews' Editor Evan Kypreos branded it a ‘piece of carpet’ and refused to change his stance. Mixed views. Related: Best gaming PC specs to build yourself At the top is a series of vents that both channel hot air from the components inside and the sound from the built-in speaker. From what I could hear, it sounded reasonably good, with even a bit of bass. I saw the device at a fairly busy event, so my impressions of the audio should be taken with a pinch of salt. There’s also a built-in microphone, so you won’t need extra peripherals on your desk beyond a keyboard, mouse and monitor. Inside there will be half-fat Intel Core i processors, either Core i3 or i5 chips with a T suffix, designed for smaller desktops with up to 16GB of DDR4 memory. There’ll also be the option of fitting an AMD Radeon R9 M470 GPU for modest gaming performance. It won’t power you to the latest games in Full HD, but it’ll definitely handle eSports titles. Related: Intel Core i explained On the rear you get a full set of ports, including two USB 3.0 connectors, a USB 3.1 Type-C, Gigabit Ethernet, an HDMI and DisplayPort as well as a power connector. On the front is another USB 3.0 port and a 3.5mm jack for headphones and external microphones. It’s no Mac Pro, but it won’t be priced like one either. Cost estimates seem to be in the region of £680 inc VAT for a base model, which is quite expensive, but considering the pleasing design and built-in speakers and mic, it doesn’t seem like a bad deal. HP Elite Slice: Stack 'em high(ish) The Elite Slice is a business-focused machine. It comes with a few different modules including a 360-degree speaker, a DVD drive and a VESA mount. It’s less ambitious than last year’s Acer Revo Build, but at least HP’s machine looks like it’s actually coming to market. It all connects via the USB-C standard, and once it's all snapped in place it feels very secure. The only way you’ll be able to disconnect the bits is by pulling on a firm clip at the base of each unit – something you’re unlikely to do by accident. There are three different versions of the top unit, which contain most of the Intel Core i-based innards. There’s one with no additions, one with a built-in microphone and conference call buttons (and Intel Unite conference call tech) for Skype, and a third option with wireless charging. Only the first two were available to look at on HP’s stand, so it remains to be seen when the wireless charging version will become available. The standard Elite Slice base unit will start at £500 for an Intel Core i3 model, while the Skype-specialised model will start at £649. There’s no pricing yet on the individual speaker or DVD drive modules. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
null
United States IBM® Site map IBM Learn Learn with our tutorials and training developerWorks provides tutorials, articles and other technical resources to help you grow your development skills on a wide variety of topics and products. Learn about a specific product or take a course and get certified. So, what do you want to learn about? Choose a topic Featured topics Mobile development Big data Cognitive computing Cloud Featured destinations Swift @ IBM developerWorks Open Architecture center developerWorks Premium Develop Develop with our trials & downloads Start developing with product trials, free downloads, and IBM Bluemix™ services. Sort by topic or product name and find everything we have to offer. View all downloads & trials Featured products Bluemix Websphere Application Server DB2 Express C MobileFirst Platform Foundation Featured destinations Swift @ IBM developerWorks Open Architecture center API Explorer Connect Find a community and connect Learn from the experts and share with other developers in one of our dev centers. Ask questions and get answers with dW answers. Search for local events in your area. All in developerWorks communities. View communities Featured Developer Centers Jazz.net IBM Cloud Analytics DEV Bluemix API Explorer Featured destinations Swift @ IBM developerWorks Open Architecture center developerWorks Premium IBM Blockchain Career Concierge dW Open Architecture Center Learn Linux Contents Introduction Mesos and Marathon Introduction to services Setting up a Mesos and Marathon cluster on OpenPOWER servers that are running RHEL Deploying an application through Marathon Connecting to a service deployed using the Marathon framework Connect Downloadable resources Comments Setting up a Mesos/Marathon cluster on RHEL 7.1 little endian Pradipta Banerjee Published on September 07, 2016 Mesos and Marathon Mesos is a distributed cluster manager that aims at improved resource usage by dynamically sharing resources among multiple tasks. Mesos provides a unified view of resources on all cluster nodes and seamless access to these resources in a manner similar to what an operating system kernel does for a single computer. Hence, Mesos is also called as the kernel for the data center. By using Mesos, you get a core for building data center applications and the main component of Mesos is a scalable two-phased scheduler. The following are the key components of a Mesos cluster manager: Master: A cluster manager that coordinates all the cluster operations. Multiple masters can be present to obtain high availability. Slaves (or the nodes): Cluster members where the tasks run. Frameworks: Actual tasks that run in the cluster. There are many existing frameworks that allow varied sets of applications and services to be deployed on a Mesos cluster manager. Refer to the Mesos Architecture for more information. The following section describes how to use the Marathon framework to deploy applications and services on Mesos. Availability The following table lists the location of the relevant packages for IBM PowerPC® Little Endian (ppc64le) platforms: Linux distribution Package location Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 7.X Unicamp Refer to the Unicamp repository at: http://ftp.unicamp.br/pub/ppc64el/rhel/7_1/misc_ppc64el/ Note: For other distributions on IBM Power®, you must build packages from source. Marathon Marathon is a framework that is used to run long-running applications or services on Mesos. These applications have high availability requirements, which means that Marathon can monitor and automatically restart the application instance in a failure and would be able to elastically scale the application. Marathon can run other frameworks, such as Hadoop, and itself. A typical Marathon usage workflow would be to run N number of instances of an application somewhere within the cluster, and each of the application instance requires one processor and 1 GB of memory. You can submit this request to Marathon that creates N number of Mesos tasks to run on the slaves. Marathon provides a Representational State Transfer (REST) API for starting, stopping, and scaling services. There is a browser-based GUI and also a command-line client. It can run in a highly available mode by running multiple Marathon instances. In this article, you can see how to deploy a service through Marathon and use the service in a sample application. The instructions that are mentioned here applies to both Intel® and IBM Power architecture (OpenPOWER) based servers. The service is a MySQL database service. At a high level, a Mesos/Marathon cluster is illustrated in the following figure: Figure 1. Mesos/Marathon cluster View image at full size Introduction to services A service is a self-contained, independently deployed and managed unit of functions. Service-oriented architectures (SOAs) and recently, microservice architectures, encourage applications to consist of loosely coupled services. More modern applications consist of multiple microservices, because they offer a number of advantages, such as code reuse, ease of scdefault port range of 31000 to 32000, use the followaling, independent failures, support for multiple platforms, flexibility in deployment, and greater agility. Mesos handles batch, real-time, and other processing frameworks, where operations typically take less time to complete. Enterprise infrastructure runs a lot of applications and services that take a longer time to complete and have different requirements than the data processing frameworks. These long-running services are critical for business and also consume a large portion of infrastructure resources. Hence, the ability to run services on Mesos is important. To run services at scale, the infrastructure needs to be able to support the following requirements: Deployment of a service can be complex if the service depends on other services and there are constraints about where the service can be deployed. Configuration management and packaging is about ensuring that all the dependencies for a service are met and the environment is configured properly for the service before the service starts. Service discovery and load balancing become important when multiple instances of a service are running. Service discovery answers the questions where there are the instances of a particular service running and load balancing is about deciding which instance a particular request should go to. After the service is deployed, it is important to do health monitoring of the service. Health monitoring information can be used to take further actions, such as scaling a service up or down, or relaunching the service on a failure. Availability requirement demands that the service needs to be available when there are high loads and failures. Setting up a Mesos and Marathon cluster on OpenPOWER servers that are running RHEL The following instructions describe how to set up a Mesos/Marathon cluster on OpenPOWER systems, such as, Tyan running RHEL little endian (LE). Installation and setup of Mesos master and Marathon Perform the following steps to install and set up Mesos master and Marathon. Add the Unicamp package repository. Ensure that the following repository is added to all the systems that are going to be part of the Mesos cluster (mesos-master and mesos-slaves): 	# cat > /etc/yum.repos.d/unicamp-misc.repo <<EOF
	[unicamp-misc]
	name=Unicamp Repo for Misc Packages
	baseurl=http://ftp.unicamp.br/pub/ppc64el/rhel/7_1/misc_ppc64el/
	enabled=1
	gpgcheck=0
	EOF Install the required packages by running the following command: 	# yum install mesos python-mesos zookeeper marathon Configure the Mesos master. Edit the /etc/sysconfig/mesos-master file and add the following information: MESOS_ip=MESOS_MASTER_IP
MESOS_ZK=zk://localhost:2181/mesos
MESOS_QUORUM=1 If the IP address of mesos-master is 192.168.122.31, the complete configuration file looks as shown in the following code:     # This file contains environment variables that are passed to mesos-master.
	# To get a description of all options run mesos-master --help; any option
	# supported as a command-line option is also supported as an environment
	# variable.
	# Some options you're likely to want to set:
	MESOS_log_dir=/var/log/mesos
	MESOS_work_dir=/var/run/mesos
	MESOS_port=5050
	
	# For isolated sandbox testing
	#MESOS_ip=127.0.0.1
	MESOS_ip=192.168.122.31
	MESOS_ZK=zk://localhost:2181/mesos
	MESOS_QUORUM=1 Restart ZooKeeper and mesos-master services by running the following command: 	# service zookeeper start
	# service mesos-master start Open the network ports. By default, mesos-master communicates on port 5050. Ensure that it ie following section, you can see how to deploy a s not blocked by a local firewall. If you are using firewalls, run the following commands to open a TCP port for the public zone: 	# firewall-cmd --zone=public --add-port=5050/tcp --permanent
	# firewall-cmd –reload Configure Marathon on the system by running the Mesos master. 	# cat >/etc/sysconfig/marathon<<EOF
	MARATHON_MASTER=zk://localhost:2181/mesos
	MARATHON_ZK=zk://localhost:2181/marathon
	MARATHON_TASK_LAUNCH_TIMEOUT=600000
	MESOS_NATIVE_JAVA_LIBRARY=/usr/lib64/libmesos.so.22
	MESOS_NATIVE_LIBRARY=/usr/lib64/libmesos.so.22
	EOF Start the marathon service by running the following command: 	# service marathon start Installation and setup of the Mesos slave Ensure that all Mesos slaves have the Docker setup configured. For more information about installing and configuring Docker on RHEL LE, refer to Docker for Linux on Power Systems. Install the required packages by running the following command: # yum install mesos python-mesos Configure Mesos slave. Edit the HOSTNAME variable in /etc/sysconfig/mesos-slave to point to the Mesos master IP, followed by setting the MESOS_EXECUTOR_REGISTRATION_TIMEOUT and MESOS_IP variables. For example, if the IP address of the mesos-master is 192.168.122.31 and that of the mesos-slave is 192.168.122.48, the configuration file looks as shown here: # This file contains environment variables that are passed to mesos-slave.
# To get a description of all options run mesos-slave --help; any option
# supported as a command-line option is also supported as an environment
# variable.
# The mesos master URL to contact. Should be host:port for
# non-ZooKeeper based masters, otherwise a zk:// or file:// URL.
MESOS_master=192.168.122.31:5050
MESOS_EXECUTOR_REGISTRATION_TIMEOUT=10mins
MESOS_IP=192.168.122.48
# For isolated sandbox testing
#MESOS_master=127.0.0.1:5050
# For a complete listing of options execute 'mesos-slave --help'
MESOS_log_dir=/var/log/mesos
MESOS_work_dir=/var/run/mesos
MESOS_containerizers=docker,mesos
# systemd cgroup integration
MESOS_isolation='cgroups/cpu,cgroups/mem'
MESOS_cgroups_root='system.slice/mesos-slave.service'
MESOS_cgroups_hierarchy=/sys/fs/cgroup Restart the mesos-slave service by running the following command: # service mesos-slave restart Open network ports. By default, mesos-slave communicates on port 5051. Ensure that it is not blocked by a local firewall. If you are using firewalls, run the following commands to open a TCP port for the public zone: 	# firewall-cmd --zone=public --add-port=5051/tcp -permanent
	# firewall-cmd -reload Marathon UI is accessible in the http://mesos_master_ip:8080 website. For example, if the IP address of mesos-master is 192.168.122.31, the Marathon UI link is accessible in the http://192.168.122.31:8080 website. Deploying an application through Marathon The source code is available in the https://github.com/bpradipt/docker-mysql.git website. The source code contains Docker files and related setup scripts to build the MySQL Docker image on both Intel and Power (ppc64le) systems. In the following examples, 192.168.122.48 is the IP address of the system that is running the Mesos server and Marathon. You can use the Marathon UI or the REST API directly to deploy an application. For example, the following commands deploy the application by using the REST API of Marathon: curl -X POST http://192.168.122.48:8080/v2/apps -d @mysqlcontainer.json -H "Content-type: application/json"
#cat mysqlcontainer.json
{
  "id": "mysql",
  "cpus": 0.5,
  "mem": 64.0,
  "instances": 1,
  "container": {
    "type": "DOCKER",
    "docker": {
      "image": "ppc64le/mysql",
      "network": "BRIDGE",
      "portMappings": [
        { "containerPort": 3306, "hostPort": 0, "servicePort": 0, "protocol": "tcp" }
      ]
    }
  },
  "env": {
     "MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD" : "password",
     "MYSQL_USER" : "test",
     "MYSQL_PASSWORD" : "test",
     "MYSQL_DB" : "BucketList"
   }
} A nonzero hostPort results in a random port being assigned. It is also possible to explicitly specify the hostPort value. Ensure that the ports that are specified in hostPort are included in some resource offers. For example, if the port ranges from 7000 to 8000 need to be used in addition to default port range of 31000 to 32000, use the following option: –resources="ports(*):[7000-8000, 31000-32000]" Connecting to a service deployed using the Marathon framework This section describes how to connect and use a service that is deployed through Marathon by using the MySQL service and use it in a sample web application. The source code is available from the https://github.com/bpradipt/sampleflaskapp.git website. The sample code has Docker files for both Intel and PowerPC LE (ppc64le) architecture. Connecting to a service by using Docker links After a service is deployed, you must discover and connect, that is link to the service from an application. A service in-turn can depend on another service. Hence, linking containers becomes important. When you are linking services by using Marathon, note the following points: Mesos/Marathon does not have a method to use a Docker link alias. Hence, if your application configuration depends on a link alias name, it would not work. For example, if the web application depends on a DB container and uses the environment variables with the DB link prefix (DB_PORT, DB_TCP_ADDR, and so on), ensure that the application configuration does not depend on a link alias prefix. The linked application and the service need to be deployed on the same host for them to communicate. Use the constraints parameter to deploy linked containers on the same node, as shown in the following example: 	$ curl -X POST -H "Content-type: application/json" localhost:8080/v2/apps -d '{
	   "id": "sleep-cluster",
	   "cmd": "sleep 60",
	   "instances": 3,
	   "constraints": [["hostname", "CLUSTER", "a.specific.node.com"]]
	}' To use the above code, start the mesos-slave with the hostname parameter, as shown in the following example: 	# mesos-slave --master=zk://192.168.122.48:2181/mesos --containerizers=docker,mesos --executor_registration_timeout=10mins --ip=192.168.122.253 --hostname=Ubuntu Starting linked container by using the Marathon API The setup is on an OpenPOWER (PowerPC architecture) based environment. However, you can use the same instructions for an Intel-based environment. Specify the target container name as a value to the link key. Additionally, use the constraints parameter to ensure that the new container gets deployed on the same host where the target container is running. curl -X POST http://192.168.122.48:8080/v2/apps -d @flaskcontainer.json -H "Content-type: application/json"
# cat flaskcontainer.json
{
  "id": "flaskappcontainer",
  "cpus": 0.5,
  "mem": 64.0,
  "instances": 1,
  "container": {
    "type": "DOCKER",
    "docker": {
      "image": "ppc64le/flaskapp",
      "network": "BRIDGE",
      "portMappings": [
        { "containerPort": 80, "hostPort": 0, "servicePort": 0, "protocol": "tcp" }
      ],
      "parameters": [
                { "key": "link", "value": "mesos-b81f9a21-3133-49de-acf6-988226eb6874-S18.5d3dcaa7-05c6-4a5b-af68-dba32b7d1835"}
            ]
    }
  },
  "constraints": [
                [ "hostname","CLUSTER","ubuntu" ]
              ]
} Using mesos-DNS for service discovery and connection The mesos-DNS creates application to IP address and port number mapping for each application running in a Mesos cluster. Mesos-DNS is available at the https://github.com/mesosphere/mesos-dns website. It requires the Go compiler and building it on any platform is straightforward if the Go compiler is available. A sample configuration file is included with the source itself and can be found in the https://github.com/mesosphere/mesos-dns/blob/master/config.json.sample website. The following is a sample configuration that was used for the setup: {
  "zk": "zk://192.168.122.48:2181/mesos",
  "masters": ["192.168.122.48:5050"],
  "refreshSeconds": 60,
  "ttl": 60,
  "domain": "mesos",
  "port": 53,
  "resolvers": ["8.8.8.8"],
  "timeout": 5,
  "listener": "0.0.0.0",
  "SOAMname": "ns1.mesos",
  "SOARname": "root.ns1.mesos",
  "SOARefresh": 60,
  "SOARetry":   600,
  "SOAExpire":  86400,
  "SOAMinttl": 60,
  "dnson": true,
  "httpon": true,
  "httpport": 8125,
  "externalon": true,
  "IPSources": ["netinfo", "mesos", "host"],
  "EnforceRFC952": false
} Where, zk is the location where ZooKeeper is running masters is the location where masters are running domain is the domain name for the Mesos cluster port is the Mesos DNS port listener is the IP that binds to mesos-dns resolver is the external DNS server httpport: port which will run mesos-dns HTTP API For more information about the mesos-DNS configuration parameters, refer to the Mesos-DNS Configuration Parameters website. You can either run the mesos-dns directory on any host or run it through the Marathon framework. For example: curl -X POST http://192.168.122.48:8080/v2/apps -d @mesos-dns.json -H "Content-type: application/json" This starts mesos-dns through Marathon. curl -X POST http://192.168.122.48:8080/v2/apps -d @mesos-dns.json -H "Content-type: application/json" This starts mesos-dns through Marathon. # cat mesos-dns.json
{
    "cmd": "<path>/mesos-dns -config=<path>/config.json",
    "cpus": 1.0,
    "mem": 1024,
    "id": "mesos-dns",
    "instances": 1,
} Use the following command to run mesos-dns directly on the host: # mesos-dns -v=1 -config=<path_to_config_json> Name the service using the following format: <service-name>.<framework>.<domain-name> Hence, the MySQL service DNS name would be mysql.marathon.mesos Mesos-DNS also creates DNS SRV record for the services. An SRV record associates a service name to a host name and an IP port. Mesos-DNS generates a DNS-SRV record for the service name as _task._protocol.framework.domain. Where: Task is the application/service that started (MysSQL in this case) Protocol is UDP or TCP, framework is Marathon or any other framework Domain is the cluster domain (Mesos in this case). This SRV record can be used by other Marathon applications to discover services. As an example, any application that requires MySQL service can look up the SRV record for _mysql_tcp.marathon.mesos # docker ps
CONTAINER ID IMAGE          COMMAND    CREATED       STATUS                PORTS                        NAMES
e227390bfb3d ppc64le/mysql "/setup.sh" 3 seconds ago Up Less than a second 0.0.0.0:31172->3306/tcp   mesos-fabb6e52-064a-425a-a501-330bc772cd55-S16.85fb3e7c-b2ca-412f-ac75-1ec314bee575
# dig _mysql._tcp.marathon.mesos -t SRV
; <<>> DiG 9.9.4-RedHat-9.9.4-29.el7 <<>> _mysql._tcp.marathon.mesos -t SRV
;; global options: +cmd
;; Got answer:
;; ->>HEADER<<- opcode: QUERY, status: NOERROR, id: 2126
;; flags: qr aa rd ra; QUERY: 1, ANSWER: 1, AUTHORITY: 0, ADDITIONAL: 1
;; QUESTION SECTION:
;_mysql._tcp.marathon.mesos. IN SRV
;; ANSWER SECTION:
_mysql._tcp.marathon.mesos. 60 IN SRV 0 0 31172 mysql-4huw5-s16.marathon.slave.mesos.
;; ADDITIONAL SECTION:
mysql-4huw5-s16.marathon.slave.mesos. 60 IN A 192.168.122.48
;; Query time: 1 msec
;; SERVER: 192.168.122.48#53(192.168.122.48)
;; WHEN: Mon Feb 08 14:27:38 IST 2016
;; MSG SIZE rcvd: 147 For more information on mesos-dns naming, see Service Naming. The following is an example Python code using the dnspython module to query the SRV record and retrieve the host and port required to access the service: import dns.resolver

a = dns.resolver.query("_mysql._tcp.marathon.mesos",dns.rdatatype.SRV)
for i in a.response.answer:
    for j in i.items:
        print j.target
        print j.port The following is the output in the example setup: mysql-4huw5-s16.marathon.slave.mesos.
31172 Thus, it can be inferred that the MySQL service is running on the slave with the host name, mysql-4huw5-s16.marathon.slave.mesos, and at port 31172. A similar logic can be directly incorporated into the application configuration, or the data can be used to set relevant environment variables required by the application configuration. For example, you can set MYSQL_TCP_ADDR and MYSQL_TCP_PORT to the values returned by target and port respectively. Connect The IBM Linux Technology Center (LTC) is a team of IBM open source software developers who work in cooperation with the Linux open source development community. The LTC serves as a center of technical competency for Linux. Connect with us. Follow us on TwitterJoin the communityRead my blog Downloadable resources PDF Comments Sign in or register to add and subscribe to comments. Subscribe me to comment notifications static.content.url=http://www.ibm.com/developerworks/js/artrating/ SITE_ID=1 Zone=Linux ArticleID=1036801 ArticleTitle=Setting up a Mesos/Marathon cluster on RHEL 7.1 little endian publish-date=09072016 developerWorks About Help Submit content RFE Community Report abuse Third-party notice Join Faculty Students Business Partners Select a language English 中文 日本語 Русский Português (Brasil) Español Việt Events dW TV Feeds Newsletters dW Answers dW Blog dW Premium Downloads dW Courses Contact Privacy Terms of use Accessibility Feedback Cookie Preferences
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums MSI Z170A Gaming M6 boasts a better USB 3.1 controller by Zak Killian  9:14 AM on September 7, 2016 As Intel and AMD move more and more chipset features onto their processors, motherboard vendors have faced growing challenges to separate themselves from the pack. MSI is looking to stand out by offering what it claims is "the fastest USB 3.1 solution on the market." Its upcoming Z170A Gaming M6 will integrate the ASMedia 2142 USB 3.1 controller, a new chip that MSI and ASMedia apparently worked together to create. That controller can talk over two lanes of PCIe 3.0 instead of the single lane of PCIe 3.0 or two lanes of PCIe 2.0 that powered the older ASMedia 1142 chip used on many boards until now. The fancy new USB controller doesn't provide the board with any extra ports. The Gaming M6 still comes with the usual pair of USB 3.1 Type-A and Type-C ports. MSI does say that the extra connectivity should improve performance when using both ports, though. Besides that fancy new USB controller, the board also offers "next-generation" Killer Networking hardware, although MSI apparently isn't ready to reveal details on exactly what hardware that might be. There's also no product page for the new board yet. Poring over the board image, we can see a pair of metal-reinforced PCIe x16 slots and a pair of M.2 slots, putting this board squarely in the high-midrange category of Z170 boards. MSI hasn't revealed pricing and availability for the Z170A Gaming M6 yet. Tags: Motherboards Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... View full site Copyright ©1999-2016 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
null
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article Snapchat Prepares for an IPO What you need to know Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article Best Black Friday Deals From Target, Best Buy and More Get great deals this season My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Intel Plans To Buy Chip Startup -- WSJ September 07, 2016, 02:48:00 AM EDT By Dow Jones Business News Shutterstock photo By Don Clark and Joshua Jamerson Intel Corp. said it would acquire Movidius, a startup focusing on computer vision technology, in the Silicon Valley giant's latest bet on specialized chips for artificial-intelligence applications. Terms of the transaction weren't disclosed. The deal, subject to certain closing conditions, was announced in blog posts on Monday. The company was an early partner with Alphabet Inc.'s Google unit in Project Tango, an effort designed to build technology into smartphones to measure and map surrounding objects and interior spaces. Intel is seeking to move into new markets beyond the shrinking personal computer business, where sales of microprocessors are its largest source of revenue. The company, which failed to build a major business in chips for smartphones, has announced a series of moves to provide technology for drones, wearable devices and other connected gadgets associated with a trend called the Internet of Things. The company's offerings include RealSense, a combination of chips and 3-D camera technology that it plans to incorporate into a prototype virtual-reality headset called Project Alloy. Intel and Movidius said combining their efforts should spur significant advances in vision-related fields. "We see massive potential for Movidius to accelerate our initiatives in new and emerging technologies," wrote Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel's new technology group. Rival Nvidia Corp. has a head start in some artificial-intelligence fields, adapting graphical processing chips that are best known for rendering images in videogames. Intel, whose microprocessors are the mainstay of most computers, has acknowledged that its general-purpose x86 design may not be sufficient for some artificial-intelligence jobs. Intel last month announced a deal to buy Nervana Systems Inc., a startup making artificial-intelligence chips and software, for undisclosed terms. The company also is promoting a specialized x86 variant known as Xeon Phi for use in server systems. Write to Don Clark at don.clark@wsj.com and Joshua Jamerson at joshua.jamerson@wsj.com 

  (END) Dow Jones Newswires
  09-07-160248ET
  Copyright (c) 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.
 This article appears in: Technology Referenced Symbols: INTC More from Dow Jones Business News Subscribe Intel Uses Acquired Chips to Drive Deep Learning Intel Uses Chips Acquired in Deal With Startup to Drive Deep Learning Intel Uses Chips Acquired in Deal With Startup to Drive Deep Learning Related stocks Articles Subscribe 3 Stocks Warren Buffett Is Selling 11/18/2016 12:40 PM Why Shares of Gap Inc. Slumped Today 11/18/2016 12:36 PM An Unexpected Way To Profit From Rate Hikes 11/18/2016 12:30 PM See headlines for INTC Follow on: Featured Brokers Compare Online Brokers Most Popular Highest Rated Nasdaq Halts DryShips Inc. China Consumer Group Reports Problems With iPhones Nasdaq Names Adena Friedman Chief Executive Officer Russia Looks to Have Gained Two Allies Pimco Returns to Net Inflows, Boosting Allianz Shares -- 2nd Update As Cybercrime Rises, So Does Spending On Cyber Security EXL Appoints Suren Kumar as Global Head of EXL Consulting Nasdaq Halts DryShips Inc. What You Need To Know Before You Buy An Infrastructure ETF View All Highest Rated Stocks Referenced INTC 84% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX We have a favor to ask Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.

  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Drivers Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > Drivers > Blog FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Anti-Keylogger Premium      30% OFF! Intel Makes Available New HD Graphics Driver - Get Version 20.19.15.4501 The new release adds 3 DVI/HDMI displays support on 6th Gen Sep 7, 2016 06:41 GMT  ·  By Iulian Pascal  ·  Share:  Intel has made available a new version of its HD Graphics package, namely the 20.19.15.4501 driver, which adds Unify colors for different panels and support for 5K3K panel with content protection for both Overlay and non-Overlay drivers. In addition to that, the present update includes 6th-gen camera pipe Windows 7 support, allows 3 DVI/HDMI displays on 6th-gen processors and x2 DP mode for type-C systems, and implements a new LACE (Local Adaptive Contrast Enhancement) feature. Moreover, Intel also improves the DX12 performance for some benchmarks, allows selecting which outputs to be active when more compatible displays are available, and synchronizes the operating system and driver gamma values. Last but not least, build 4501 implements a fix in the OGL component to resolve TDR seen when running 3D-CAD application “FJICAD/SX,” enables Dithering for eDP, and removes the bug that prevented the display from switching back to LCD-only in certain situations. In terms of compatibility, the producer has provided 2 downloadable archives suitable for Windows 7, 8, 8.1, and 10 operating systems, one for each 32- and 64-bit architectures. Also, your configurations must include a 4th, 5th, or 6th generation supported CPU. With this in mind, download Intel HD Graphics Driver 20.19.15.4501, unzip and run the available setup file, perform a reboot upon completion, and enjoy these new changes. Also, check back with us as often as possible to stay “updated one minute ago.” #HD Graphics#Intel#Intel 4501#20.19.15.4501 reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news NVIDIA Makes Available Quadro Graphics Driver 369.26 - Update Now AMD Rolls Out Radeon Crimson Graphics Driver 16.8.3 Hotfix - Update Now NVIDIA Makes Available New GeForce Graphics Driver - Version 372.70 Intel Rolls Out New Beta HD Graphics Driver - Download Version 20.19.15.4474 Google Suspends Lots of Pixel Buyers Accounts for Reselling Them - Update Hacker Breaks into Italian Government Website, 45,000 Users Exposed Three UK Hacked, Details of 6 Million Customers at Risk Microsoft Replaces Command Prompt with PowerShell in Latest Windows 10 Build NVIDIA Makes Available New GeForce Graphics Hotfix Driver - Version 375.95 AMD Releases Radeon Crimson Edition 16.11.4 Hotfix - Download and Apply Now New Firmware Is Available for Sony PlayStation 4 Consoles - Get Version 4.06 Amazon Adds Alexa to Its Fire, Fire HD 8, and Fire HD 10 - Get Firmware 5.6.0    Intel 4501 adds support for Local Adaptive Contrast Enhancement New Apps WinSent Innocenti: Simple tool that helps you receive messages, notifications and alerts via Windows Messenger Service, and copy the messages to the clipboard or delete them Reflector: This easy to use application allows you to easily connect your iOS or Android device to the PC and use the AirPlay feature to stream content to your desktop Dbvisit Replicate: Create a duplicate for your Oracle database for backup or migration purpose with the help of this advanced and effective program Gwyddion: An efficient and reliable modular application designed specifically for SPM (scanning probe microscopy) data visualization and analysis Gus Tools: Turn ESD images of Windows 10 to ISO format, so that you may upgrade your computer to this operating system using a USB or a DVD Avira System SpeedUp: Clean junk files, repair registry errors, delete invalid keys, clean computer activity traces, and defragment your drives using this all-in-one tool POPcon PRO: Advanced program that helps you retrieve messages from POP3 mailboxes and deliver them to your Microsoft Exchange Server mailboxes using antispam, archive, antivirus engine, rule-based distribution and scheduled tasks Reader comments Amazon Adds Alexa to Its Fire, Fire HD 8, and Fire HD 10 - Get Firmware 5.6.0 more on: Fire HD 8 i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy feedback      
PC Gamer News Reviews Hardware Pro Best Of More Magazine Meet the team Newsletter Signup Community Guidelines Affiliate Links Search ReCore system requirements revealed [Updated] By Andy Chalk Microsoft says you're going to need a Core i5 for this one. Shares Update: The system requirements listed on the ReCore site have changed since this post went up. The changes are reflected in the specs below. Original story: When Microsoft confirmed in January that Comcept's ReCore will be coming to Windows 10 as well as the Xbox One,  I held out a tiny sliver of hope that it might find its way to other, earlier versions of Windows as well. But now the system requirements are out, and it's confirmed that we'll have no such luck. No surprise really, but I dared to dream. And have been punished accordingly. The system requirements, as listed on the Microsoft Store:  Minimum: OS: Windows 10 Architecture: x64, X64 DirectX: DX11 Memory: 8GB Video Memory: 2GB CPU: Intel Core i5-3550 @ 3.3 GHz or AMD FX-6300 Graphics: AMD Radeon R7 370 or Nvidia GeForce GTX 660/570 Recommended: OS: Windows 10 Architecture: x64, X64 DirectX: DX11 Memory: 16GB Video Memory: 4GB CPU: Intel Core i5 4570 @ 3.2 GHz or AMD FX-8350 Graphics: AMD Radeon R9 290X or Nvidia GeForce GTX 780 Microsoft also recommends using an Xbox One controller, although ReCore will support keyboard and mouse as well. Cross-platform saving between the PC and Xbox One is in there too. I should probably get used to the idea of “Windows 10” being a system requirement rather than the more wide-open “PC,” and be thankful that Microsoft isn't keeping stuff like this exclusive to its consoles anymore. Windows 10 itself seems fine, after all—I've been using it for several months now without any hitches—and I have no particular affection for Steam. What I do is a certain skepticism of new, exclusive platforms, particularly those with echoes of Games for Windows Live. Sorry, guys, but that wound runs deep. ReCore comes out in one week: That's September 13. ABOUT THE AUTHOR Andy Chalk As lead news writer during ‘merican hours, Andy covers the day-to-day events that keep PC gaming so interesting, exciting, and occasionally maddening. He’s fond of RPGs, FPSs, dungeons, Myst, and the glorious irony of his parents buying him a TRS-80 instead of an Atari so he wouldn't end up wasting his life on videogames. Topics comcept Action Recore We recommendBy Zergnet Load Comments Recommended The PC Gamer holiday gift guide The best Black Friday PC gaming deals for 2016 Hardware Buying Guides Latest Game Reviews 1 The best RGB LED Lighting Kit 2 The best wireless gaming mouse 3 The best ATX mid-tower PC cases 4 Recommended PC gaming chairs 5 The best webcam 1 Owlboy review 2 Tyranny review 3 Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare review 4 Hitman Episode 6 review 5 Football Manager 2017 review PC Gamer Newsletter Subscribe to get the best content of the week, and great gaming deals, as picked by the editors. No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. PC Gamer is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future US, Inc. One Lombard Street, Suite 200, San Francisco California 94111.
null
null
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good HPE tape library permits unauthorised remote access Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Intel Data Center HPC Hardcore core-to-core comms core-alled into hardware Intel and boffins let cores talk among themselves without software mediation 7 Sep 2016 at 02:45, Richard Chirgwin Richard Chirgwin Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics NBN, Privacy, Security , Science, Google Recent Articles 'Oi! El Reg! Stop pretending Microsoft has a BSOD monopoly!' Printers now the least-secure things on the internet A nice long pub crawl is good for your health, if you stay on your feet Intel and boffins at the North Carolina State University have cooked up a framework that coordinates core-to-core communications in hardware rather than software. This work is important because to keep processing power scaling up, you want the overhead of multi-core computing processes to stay down. The CAF – core-to-core acceleration framework – will be presented at the ACM's 2016 International Conference on Parallel Architectures and Compilation later this month in Israel. The authors are working on solving the problems that arise using shared memory for core-to-core communications – cache misses, and loss of coherence. To get around this, the researchers put together a “queue management device” (QMD) which gets attached to the on-chip network. The QMD, the university explains in this canned statement, tracks communication requests between cores without needing queue management software. Different workloads put different loads on the queues – in their abstract, the boffins highlight pipelined packet processing as the kind of workload that suffers “significant” core-to-core communication overhead. The researchers claim between 2x and 12x performance improvement with their QMD. While its processing power is limited, the researchers say the QMD has enough to aggregate data from multiple cores, which helps more basic computational functions by “as much as 15 per cent”. ® Sponsored: Transforming software delivery with DevOps Tips and corrections 2 Comments More from The Register Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Developer outreach failed for WIndows Phone, Firefox OS and BlackBerry. It will work on Tizen why, exactly? 32 Comments Enter our developer competition to win fabulous prizes Samsung S6 Edge +, Galaxy Tab S2 and much more up for grabs Samsung spills beans on mystery username, password emails to devs Someone pressed the wrong button in portal redesign 16 Comments Samsung halts production of Galaxy Note 7 Stops throwing fuel on the fire 49 Comments Samsung to Galaxy Note 7 users: Turn it off. Now Phirebug phablet phreeze conphirmed as Samsung orders all sales and swaps stopped 56 Comments Samsung wants your exploding Galaxy Note 7. Have a new one instead Replacement programme for UK and Ireland 27 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Demand-driven application control: assuring application performance The evolution of enterprise applications, the data centers in which they reside and the increasing expectations of businesses and end-users on the Quality of Service delivered. Protecting and Empowering your Connected Organization There’s a big change happening in IT security and device management. Security was once largely limited to the confines of an on-premises world, but now it must extend to the cloud, as well as a myriad of mobile devices. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Hewlett Packard Enterprise to outsource global IT team to CSC borg Spotlight NetApp's regeneration could be deep surgery or anti-wrinkle cream Facebook Telecom Infrastructure Project starts chucking rocks at mobile model Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Fire alarm sparked data centre meltdown emergency Weka.IO – a stealthy startup swimming against the tide Will the roulette ball fall for WANdisco's spiel? Speaking in Tech: Worst OpenStack summit ever? Windows Server 2016 persistent memory support supercharges storage IO Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Top Stories  • Video •  Live TV new Staff Stories Most Popular Front Page News All Latest One News Page > News Videos > Intel to Acquire Movidius in Bid to Boost Artificial Intelligence Portfolio Intel to Acquire Movidius in Bid to Boost Artificial Intelligence Portfolio Duration: 00:39s - Published: on September 6, 2016< > Embed Shares of Intel were higher Tuesday on word that it will acquire Movidius, a semiconductor startup. The terms of the agreement were not disclosed. The Wall Street Journal reports that the deal would boost Intel's artificial intelligence portfolio, as its looks to become a big player in that area. Movidius' customers include Alphabet and Lenovo Group, which use its technology in drones, security cameras, virtual reality headsets and other devices. 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Recent related news Intel Unveils Strategy for State-of-the-Art Artificial IntelligenceSAN FRANCISCO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Intel Corporation today announced a range of new products,... Business Wire 21 hours ago - Press Releases You Might Like Facebook Page People Donald Trump Jared Kushner Barack Obama Kanye West José Mourinho Current Topics Attorney General Jeff Sessions Fantasy Sports DraftKings And FanDuel Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Totally Aesthetic Staff Stories Why You Could Soon Be Protected On The Road With a $5 Paper Helmet DOCTOR WHO: Is Season 10 The Last For Peter Capaldi? Who Will Run For President In 2020 - And Why Are So Many Looking To Hollywood? Blackberry's Last Encore.. And It's Got a Keyboard Further BREXIT Delays? Why The UK's EU Departure May Now Be Coming Even Later MOVIE REVIEW: The Accountant Is Photo Messaging a Dying Trend? Instagram Working On Video Content MOVIE REVIEW: Arrival Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2016 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+


Freitag, 18. November | 19:02 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: ROHSTOFF INTERNATIONAL 0:00 | 07.09.2016 XPED Ltd (ASX:XPE) Company Update Xped Limited (ASX:XPE) (“Xped” or “the Company”) wishes to provide an update regarding Board and Management changes: Cancellation of Founders Vendor Performance Shares Xped vendors John Schultz and Chris Wood have agreed to cancel the existing 150m performance shares that were set to vest over 3 future milestones under the terms of the Heads of Agreement entered by the Company and vendors on 26 October 2016, for nil consideration, subject to obtaining all necessary ASX and shareholder approvals. The Company proposes to issue new performance shares with new targets to Mr Martin Despain, Mr Athan Lekkas and corporate advisor Seneca Financial Services under their various agreements as outlined below in order to see the value proposition of the Company be reached. Upon cancellation of the existing performance shares, the issue of the new performance shares will add no further dilution to existing shareholders. Managing Director Appointed to the Board The Company today announced that it has secured Mr Martin Despain as Managing Director to the board, effective from 19 September 2016. Most recently, Martin was General Manager, Smart Home Division, Internet of Things Group at Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) developing and implementing Intel’s IoT strategy and product offering for the home. A separate announcement released today provides more information regarding Mr Despain’s appointment. Chairman Performance Targets Since his time with Xped, the present CEO & Chairman, Athan Lekkas has been instrumental in securing international talented professionals to serve on the Board of Xped including Dr Wenjun Sheng and now Mr Martin Despain. Athan has extensive international networks and professional relationships across various industries and is proficient and versed in growing public companies in the small capital markets. Outside of leading and running organisations, Mr Lekkas has demonstrated the ability to secure funding and capital commitments from international and local funding institutions as and when required. Mr Lekkas identified and secured the Telink opportunity for Xped and established the close working relationship between the parties and wishes to see this grow further as the Company continues its development work with Telink. His skillset in mergers and acquisitions was recently shown when he identified the JCT Healthcare opportunity and managed the deal with JCT vendor for favourable outcome for all parties whilst seeking to add value to Xped shareholders by securing recurring revenue. In recognition of his continuing ability to lead, identify opportunities and see Xped recognised globally for its technology, the Company has agreed to incentivise Mr Lekkas through the issue of performance shares over a number of milestones that will establish and restore additional value to shareholders if the milestones are achieved. These milestones are itemised in the link below. Each performance share will convert into one fully paid ordinary share upon the relevant milestone being reached and are otherwise on terms consistent with the existing performance shares on issue. It is a condition of all milestones that Mr Lekkas remains engaged by the Company at the time of meeting the milestone. The issue of the performance shares is subject to the Company obtaining all necessary ASX and shareholder approvals. Corporate Advisor Appointment The Company has appointed Seneca Financial Services Pty Ltd (“Seneca”) as Corporate Advisors to the Company. Seneca has been appointed as the exclusive advisors to the Company. The Company has agreed to incentivise Seneca through the issue of options and performance shares over a number of milestones. These milestones for the performance shares are itemised in the link below. Each performance share will convert into one fully paid ordinary share upon the relevant milestone being reached and are otherwise on terms consistent with the existing performance shares on issue. The issue of the performance shares is subject to the Company obtaining all necessary ASX and shareholder approvals. The Company has also agreed to issue Seneca (or its nominees) 30 million unlisted options to subscribe for shares with an exercise price of 1.45 times the 5 day VWAP prior to issue, expiring 12 months from issue. The appointment of Seneca replaces previous agreements with Otsana Capital, EAS Advisors and KTM Capital which have now all ceased. In consideration for the termination of the mandate in place with KTM Capital and all ongoing obligations under the Mandate, Xped has agreed to issue 10 million fully paid ordinary shares to KTM Capital (or its nominees) for no cash consideration, which are to be subject to 12 months voluntary escrow. JCT variation and consideration payment Xped and JCT have agreed to vary the subsequent payment consideration under the Sale and Purchase Agreement (“SPA”) previously entered. The agreement between both parties replaces the $1m of consideration shares with $500,000 cash and $500,000 of fully paid ordinary shares by way of 14 day VWAP prior to issue, to be issued in July 2017 subject to existing terms being met. The Company also wishes to advise that it has made a $250,000 cash payment to the JCT vendor on 5th September as per the terms of the SPA. The Company elected to pay cash instead of issuing fully paid ordinary shares for the consideration payment due. As announced on 19th April 2016, the acquisition of JCT would provide for immediate revenue for the Company. The unaudited revenue for JCT for the year ended 30 June 2016 (based on management accounts) was approximately $1.5m. The provided figure was prior to the acquisition of JCT by Xped occurring on 4th July 2016 and is not a guarantee of future performance. JCT believes that it is making positive progress in respect of the first milestone under the SPA ($3m revenue within 12 months of completion) and further updates will be provided as required in due course. Management Update The Company also wishes to advise that Mr John Stefanac who held the position of Head Asia has tendered his resignation to the Company and will cease his term with the Company no later than 30 November 2016. The board would like to wish Mr Stefanac all the very best for the future. Corporate Website Launch The Company is in the progress of releasing a new corporate website and has engaged IRM Pty Ltd to complete the work who are recognised for their online investor communications. The new website is expected to go live at the end of September and apart from a new theme and styling will incorporate better menu and content structure and improved investor engagement with news and alerts subscription service. To view tables, please visit: http://abnnewswire.net/lnk/QB52OT79 About XPED Ltd: XPED Ltd (ASX:XPE) has developed revolutionary and patent protected technology that allows any consumer, regardless of their technical capability, to connect, monitor and control devices and appliances found in our everyday environment. It’s as simple as two people shaking hands. By enabling the Internet of Things, Xped’s ADRC platform will bring benefit to Manufacturers, Retailers, Service Providers and Consumers. At Xped, we’re Making Technology Human Again. Contact: For Xped Inquiries: Company Secretary T: +61-3-9642-0655 E: info@xped.com www.xped.com Source: XPED Ltd Copyright (C) 2016 ABN Newswire. All rights reserved. Empfehlen Drucken Bookmarken   NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 18:28 Uhr | 18.11.2016 EZB-Chefvolkswirt: Werden ... 18:21 Uhr | 18.11.2016 AKTIE IM FOKUS 2: Stellenabbau ... 18:13 Uhr | 18.11.2016 Aktien Europa Schluss: Verluste - ... 18:11 Uhr | 18.11.2016 Mexikos Notenbank: 'Trump ist kein ... 18:10 Uhr | 18.11.2016 ROUNDUP/Aktien Frankfurt Schluss: ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min   Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2016 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Tag News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted Journalist Account PRNewswire Distribution Search Axiomtek's Palm-sized eBOX560-500-FL with High Performance 6th Generation Intel Core I Family CPU Axiomtek releases its newest palm-sized, high performance embedded computer system with a full-featured I/O interface. Axiomtek's new palm-sized eBOX560-500-FL.   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * Palm-sized * Compact Embedded Computer * High performance embedded PC By Industry: * ComputersCITY OF INDUSTRY, Calif. - Sept. 6, 2016 - PRLog -- Axiomtek, one of the world's leading designers and manufacturers of innovative, high performance and reliable PC-based industrial computer products, is proud to announce the eBOX560-500-FL, a fanless embedded computer system with compact size and full-featured I/O interface. This new system features scalable CPU options for excellent computing performance and ultra-low power consumption with the 6th Generation Intel® CoreTM i7-6600U or Celeron® 3955U processors. The eBOX560-500-FL supports 12V DC input with screw-type lock and features a user-friendly AT/ATX DIP switch for adjustments between automatic and manual operation control. The compact eBOX560-500-FL is suitable for Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) solutions, digital signage, retail equipment, smart factory automation, thin clients, industrial controller systems and more. "The extremely compact eBOX560-500-FL is designed for use in many different hazardous environments with rugged features such as wide operating temperature range of -10°C to +50°C (-14°F to +122°F), IP40-rated anti-dust ingress protection, and up to 3G vibration endurance," said Product Manager Janney Lee. "This reliable fanless embedded box computer comes with a full-featured I/O interface and one PCI Express Mini Card for wireless network communication options, making it a perfect solution for IIoT applications." The rugged industrial eBOX560-500-FL is equipped with rich I/O options including four USB 3.0 ports, one RS-232/422/485 port, one RS-232 port, two Gigabit Ethernet ports, two SMA type connector openings for antenna, and two HDMI ports. For system integrators that have extensive storage needs, the eBOX560-500-FL comes with one 2.5" SATA HDD, one mSATA and one 260-pin DDR4-2133 SO-DIMM socket with system memory up to 16 GB. This embedded computer system supports Jumbo Frame (9.5K), wake-on-LAN (WoL), PXE Remote Boot and Teaming. The system also runs well with the Windows® 8.1 and Windows® 10 operating systems. The eBOX560-500-FL also supports Axiomtek's exclusive AXView 2.0 monitoring software package, for intelligent remote management. To ensure that this this embedded computer system can be integrated into a variety of different locations, the eBOX560-500-FL supports VESA mount, wall mount and DIN-rail mount by request. The eBOX560-500-FL will be available in October. Axiomtek provides a wide array of intelligent IoT & M2M solutions, network communication platform, industrial panel PCs, systems & platforms and embedded boards & modules solutions. For more product information or pricing, please visit our website at us.axiomtek.com or contact a sales representative at solutions@axiomtek.com. Advanced Features: - 6th Generation Intel® Core™ i7-6600U 3.4 GHz/ Celeron® 3955U 2.0 GHz ULT SoC - 260-pin DDR4-2133 SO-DIMM max. up to 16 GB - Compact size with 12VDC power input - Supports two HDMI, two COM and four USB 3.0 ports - Supports Jumbo Frame (9.5K), WoL, PXE and Teaming About Axiomtek Co., Ltd Axiomtek Co., Ltd. is one of the world's leading designers/manufacturers of PC-based industrial computer products. From its roots as a turnkey systems integrator specializing in data acquisition and control systems, Axiomtek has mirrored the PC evolution in various industries by shifting its focus toward the design and manufacture of PC-based industrial automation solutions. Axiomtek Co., Ltd. established in 1990, has more than 60 distributor partners globally.  Axiomtek offers Industrial PCs (IPC), Single Board Computers and System on Modules (slot CPU card, small form factor embedded boards & SoM), Fanless & Rugged Embedded System (eBOX and rBOX), Intelligent Transportation System (tBOX), Industrial IoT Gateway and Intel Firewall, Touch Panel Computers (TPC), Medical PCs (MPC), Human Machine Interface (HMI), Digital Signage Players (DS), Industrial Network and Network Appliances (NA). As an associate member of the Intel® Internet of Things Solutions Alliance, Axiomtek continuously develops and delivers cutting edge solutions based on the latest Intel® platforms. Contact Axiomtek 6265813232 solutions@axiomtek.com End Source : Axiomtek » Follow Email : ***@axiomtek.com Listed Under- Tags : Palm-sized, Compact Embedded Computer, High performance embedded PC Industry : Computers Location : City of Industry - California - United States Subject : Products A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse AXIOMTEK News Axiomtek's Newest Compact Network Appliance for SOHO Network Security Applications – The NA345 Axiomtek's New High Performance Embedded PC with Flexible Expansion Options– the eBOX670-891-FL Axiomtek Releases Its Newest OPS Digital Signage Player with Remote Management – the OPS500-501 Axiomtek Releases Its New High Performance, Feature-rich Industrial ATX Motherboard – the IMB500 Axiomtek's New Slim Type 12.1-inch IP65-rated Industrial Touch Monitor– the P6121 Trending Huntsville Cyber Security Contractor Addresses New FAR Rule Implementing CUI Program Jeff Gordon Promotes Axalta's New Powder Coating Learning and Development Center Prairie Capital Advisors Announces The Sale of McKinney Communications Corp. To An ESOP Chrysta Bell & BellaSun release singles 'In My Life' and 'Swing Low, Sweet Chariot' IOTAP has been featured in the CIOReview magazine Daily News Coldwell Banker Hearthside, REALTORS® Appoints Douglas Krautheim As Sales Manager - 400 views New 3D Printing Support Cleaning Apparatus Features Large Capacity for Stratasys FDM Systems - 266 views A Social Science Experiment Reveals that Not Everything Is As Real As It Seems In Every Protest - 258 views Compuware and CPT Global Partner to Enhance Mainframe Cost-Efficiencies - 228 views Mint SIM Launches Best F*!ing Deal in Wireless (We Said "Foxing"!) - 197 views Weekly News Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 1239 views 2016 Denver Christkindl Market Brings European Charm to Downtown Denver - 938 views Wisco Hotel Group hires Regional Vice President for Milwaukee Area - 805 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 739 views Wayman Aviation Opa Locka to Relocate After 30 years - 709 views PTC News Say YES to Year End Savings on Quick Move-In Lennar Homes Across Colorado - 351 views New Models Open at D'Andrea Tomorrow - 244 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 207 views Lennar's Schulz Ranch in Carson City Grand Opens With Great Success - 188 views Dave Bautista (WWE Superstar Batista), Finn Bálor Blast Into Wizard World Comic Con New Orleans - 149 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Feeds | Get Alerts | Journalist Account | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral - Real Life - Fun Times - Science World - Animal Life - Celeb Life - Tech Times TechNow - Movies - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Login go Breaking Business News Technology Small Business HOT TOPICS: Grace scandal Trump presidency 8th Amendment Home»Business Intel set to buy chip maker Movidius Wednesday, September 07, 2016 Intel plans to buy Movidius, a Dublin-based maker of computer chips used in vision applications, to expand its operations in computer-driven sensing and mapping, at a reported price of €322m. The company was established in Dublin a decade ago by David Moloney and Seán Mitchell. It subsequently opened its offices in San Mateo in California, in the heart of Silicon Valley, and last year established its first dedicated Chinese office in Shanghai. Movidius also closed a funding round in 2015 which saw it raise $40m (€35.8m). Intel had already launched operations it calls RealSense, which it says gives it a lead in computer vision applications. “Additionally, this acquisition brings algorithms tuned for deep learning, depth processing, navigation and mapping, and natural interactions, as well as broad expertise in embedded computer vision and machine intelligence,” said Josh Walden, the senior vice president and general manager of Intel’s New Technology Group. “Specifically, we will look to deploy the technology across our efforts in augmented, virtual and merged reality, drones, robotics, digital security cameras and beyond.” READ MORE Visit the section home page here KEYWORDS business, finance, economy, intel, movidius © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox More in this Section Ryanair: Irish tourism is under performing KBC Bank Ireland chief sees path to mortgage rate cuts narrowing as it grows market share to over 10% Breaking Stories Could Apple be considering moving iPhone production to the US? Twitter apologises for white supremacist ad that appeared on the social site Lifestyle Womb transplantation offers hope to women who wish to get pregnanct Top 8 cookbooks of 2016 More From The Irish Examiner Buy framed pages & newspaper books: Visit Shop Photo Sales: View Gallery ePaper: Find out more Irish Examiner Digital Archive: View every printed page from the Irish Examiner from 1841 Lotto Results Wednesday, November 16, 2016 12 14 27 31 37 42 30 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner    
About Us | Newsletter Sign Up Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: U.S. Analog IP Startup Partners with Megachips NEWS & ANALYSIS: Intel Preps its AI Strategy NEWS & ANALYSIS: Samsung's Naked Auto Desire: $8B Harman Buy NEWS & ANALYSIS: DSRC's 'Dead End,' Says Qualcomm Exec NEWS & ANALYSIS: Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal SPONSORED: Spend $3.14 at Arrow.com, get a FREE Raspberry Pi 3! News & Analysis Intel Buys Movidius: Automotive Vision in Play? Junko Yoshida 9/6/2016 00:00 AM EDT Post a comment NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet MADISON, Wis. – Intel Corp. unveiled early Tuesday morning the company’s plan to acquire Movidius Technology, a San Mateo, Calif.-based startup who has developed an ultra-low-power computer vision-processor. The deal is expected to close in the later third or early fourth quarter this year. The two companies have not disclosed the transaction cost. Just four months ago, EE Times posted a blog entitled “Will Intel’s Drone Chips Fly?” In that blog, referring to Intel’s depth sensing technology called RealSense, Remi El-Ouazzane, Movidius CEO called the technology “a world-class, quality depth solution.” At that time, El-Ouazzane also told us: “Practically all the chip companies currently in the drone market —Intel, Qualcomm, Nvidia and Movidius included—are going after the same target: Autonomous drones.” For Intel, however, this is not just about entering the drone and robot markets. Computer vision,  deep learning, AI More significantly, the processor giant is intent on taking the “lead in providing computer vision and deep learning solutions -- from the device to the cloud,” as Josh Walden, Intel’s senior vice president responsible for New Technologies Group, put it in his blog. Intel senior vice president of New Technology Group Josh Walden with Movidius CEO Remi El-Ouazzane Indeed, Intel has recently devoured a number of startups whose technologies are focused on deep learning, computer vision and artificial intelligence. They include: RealSense (depth-sensing technology), Nervana Systems (a specialized chip designed specifically for deep learning AI applications), Saffron (a leading cognitive computing platform provider). Earlier this year, Intel also acquired Ascending Technologies, a German drone company with sense-and-avoid algorithms. Movidius, founded in 2006, is the latest on a list of recently acquired tech companies that will report to senior vice president Walden's New Technologies Group. Movidius’ VPU (Vision Processing Unit) platform has earned a solid reputation, allowing the startup to form partnerships with established companies ranging from Google to DJI, FLIR and Lenovo. Movidius’ mission thus far has been in “giving sight to smart devices including drones, security cameras, AR/VR headsets and more,” explained El-Ouazzane. New processing paradigms Kevin Krewell, principal analyst at TIRIAS Research, observed, looking at the Movidius and Nervana acquisitions, “It implies Intel is looking for new processing paradigms beyond the CPU and traditional GPUs that can accelerate next generation computing workloads.” Next page: From drones to automotive? Email This Print Comment Page 1 / 2 Next > More Related Links 3D Printed Buses Here DSRCs Dead End, Says Qualcomm Exec Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal Lowly Bus Gets Reinvented Comma.ai Fiasco Leaves None Unscathed Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] Be the first to post a comment regarding this story. Most Recent Comments                 11/18/2016 12:39:51 PM realjjj Lots of options for electric bikes and pedelecs but prices are not great. I am somewhat tempted by pedelecs, pedaling a bit is not a bad thing and you also get good range, maybe... 11/18/2016 12:39:51 PM realjjj Lots of options for electric bikes and pedelecs but prices are not great. I am somewhat tempted by pedelecs, pedaling a bit is not a bad thing and you also get good range, maybe... 11/18/2016 12:05:44 PM Max The Magnificent @Elizabeth...There's something about having a commute with a substatial hill on each end that discourages bicycling... I'm from Sheffield, England. Like Rome, Sheffield is spread... 11/18/2016 11:59:07 AM Howman Though hapless Harry is now blissfully cleaning up his ACT (Antique Cluster of Technology), he will soon find out what the cleanroom manager does with his contraband feather d... 11/18/2016 11:58:17 AM sw guy OK, now I understand what you meant, thanks 11/18/2016 11:55:30 AM Lefty4 But how do you know it's the first 10nm SoC in production? The other SoC's that I mentioned are probably also in production, so the only way to tell who is first is when the actual... 11/18/2016 11:55:02 AM elizabethsimon That MATE bike is really very appealing. Maybe I should ask for one of those instead of the minizum. I could actually see riding something like that to work.And it's portable... 11/18/2016 11:28:25 AM elizabethsimon Actually the city center doesn't need to be flat for this to be useful but it's helpful if there is a bike path. I've got a non-electric kick scooter which is fun on the flat... 11/18/2016 11:14:06 AM realjjj Would be a bit foolish to make a guess with little info. Based on history, they would likely keep evolving the GPU to better fit this task, the question is how much and how fast.... 11/18/2016 10:57:38 AM Max The Magnificent @Antedeluvian" ...How do you fit 4 elephants in a mini? two in the front and two at the back! And people wonder why I drink LOL Navigate to Related Links 3D Printed Buses Here DSRCs Dead End, Says Qualcomm Exec Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal Lowly Bus Gets Reinvented Comma.ai Fiasco Leaves None Unscathed Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest November 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest: Pulvis et umbra sumus "Your caption here!" 70 comments All Cartoons October 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest "Trick or Treat" A vacuum tube for you, an old transformer for you...ah, here's a real treat, a paper capacitor! 119 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  62   Why, Windows 10, Why?  51   TSMC, GF/Samsung Battle at 7nm  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  41   What Is Best & Worst STEM-Related Music Ever?  41   Accident on a Dark Freeway  37   Samsung to Ship 10nm SoCs in 2016  36   Did Processor Cause Samsung Note 7 Blowup?  32   What Are the Coolest Engineering Gifts?  30   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  29   Rad-Tolerant Lockstep Quad Core 8051 Uses ...  32   What Are the Coolest Engineering Gifts?  30   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  14   Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal  9   3D XPoint  Reality, Opportunity, and ...  8   3D Printed Buses Here  5   DSRCs Dead End, Says Qualcomm Exec  5   Samsung Makes 10nm Qcomm SoC  4   Samsung's Naked Auto Desire: $8B Harman Buy  3   Electronica Settles into Automotive, ...  3   Intel Preps its AI Strategy Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Sign up for EE Times newsletter GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan ESC Brazil Communities EE Times | EDN | EBN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Design News | DesignCon | ESC Working With Us: About | Editorial Policies | Contact Us | Media Kits | Reprints Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2016 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go Home › Technology Retired Apple software engineer JK Scheinberg couldn't get a job at Genius Bar The Apple Store declined to hire 54-year-old software engineer JK Scheinberg despite his long and storied career with the company, in what is being seen as an example of age discrimination Published 06/09/2016 0 Comments Share Retired Apple software engineer JK Scheinberg couldn't get a job at Genius Bar BelfastTelegraph.co.uk A former Apple software engineer who pioneered a major change to the Mac operating system was turned down for a job at the Genius Bar in one of the tech giant’s retail stores, in what has been touted as an example of age discrimination in the workplace. http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/technology/retired-apple-software-engineer-jk-scheinberg-couldnt-get-a-job-at-genius-bar-35027874.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/article35014199.ece/42c26/AUTOCROP/h342/2016-09-02_bus_24284108_I1.JPG Email People queue in Belfast for the latest product at the Apple Store A former Apple software engineer who pioneered a major change to the Mac operating system was turned down for a job at the Genius Bar in one of the tech giant’s retail stores, in what has been touted as an example of age discrimination in the workplace. JK Scheinberg left Apple in 2008 after 21 years with the firm, during which he reportedly figured out how to run Apple’s Mac OS on his home PC, which was powered by Intel processors. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments He then led the company’s secret "Marklar" project to modify all Macs to run on Intel chips. At 54, and bored with retirement, he decided to apply for a job at an Apple Genius Bar, the in-person customer support locations at Apple’s high street stores, which tend to be staffed by younger people. Sure enough, the other applicants at his group interview were all half his age. Author Ashton Applewhite wrote about the episode in an article on age discrimination for the New York Times. "I'm lucky enough to get my tech support from JK Scheinberg, the engineer at Apple who led the effort that moved the Mac to Intel processors," Ms Applewhite wrote. On the way out of his interview, Mr Scheinberg told her, the interviewers singled him out to say they would be in touch. But, he said, "I never heard back." After the piece was published, he tweeted: "Wonder if Apple will finally give me callback on that genius bar interview." Apple has not yet commented on the case, but describes itself on its website as "an equal-opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity." Independent News Service Your Comments COMMENT RULES: Comments that are judged to be defamatory, abusive or in bad taste are not acceptable and contributors who consistently fall below certain criteria will be permanently blacklisted. The moderator will not enter into debate with individual contributors and the moderator’s decision is final. It is Belfast Telegraph policy to close comments on court cases, tribunals and active legal investigations. We may also close comments on articles which are being targeted for abuse. Problems with commenting? customercare@belfasttelegraph.co.uk Powered by Livefyre Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Livefyre. Read More Golden Joystick Awards: Dark Souls III named ultimate game of the year  Action role-playing video game Dark Souls III has been named ultimate game of the year at the annual Golden Joystick Awards. Investigatory Powers Bill: 'Snoopers Charter 2' to pass into law, giving Government sweeping...  The House of Lords has passed the Investigatory Powers Bill, putting the huge spying powers on their way to becoming law within weeks. Apple iPhones less reliable than Android devices, study finds  Apple’s iPhones and iPads are losing the battle against Android devices. 6 of the best bargain gadgets  By Keeley Bolger AmazonBasics Nano Bluetooth Speaker, £10.99, www.amazon.co.uk: Give the gift of sound this Christmas with this Amazon portable speaker. Designed for those on-the-go, it easily fits into an adult hand and is light enough to stash into a bag. Being a budget speaker built for movability, the sound quality isn't crystal clear, but for plugging... Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Supersonic Boom: New passenger plane to fly faster than Concorde  Technology 6 of the best bargain gadgets  Technology Investigatory Powers Bill: 'Snoopers Charter 2' to pass into law, giving Government...  Technology Apple iPhones less reliable than Android devices, study finds  Technology Snapchat: Is it really worth €20bn? Are you too old for it? How does it make its money?  Technology Video: Queen meets Portuguese President  Video News Anger after Daily Express confuses Ireland and Northern Ireland on Brexit tea caddy  UK Donald Trump could make Sinn Fein ally Peter King counter-terror chief in White House  World UK charity warns tourists in Dubai not to report rape after woman who was 'gang raped'...  World Why pets like Walnut make us better human beings simply for having them share...  Gail Walker Wayne Rooney controversy: Unnamed football agent claims Irish background to blame for behaviour Ex-property tycoon Taggart brothers owe another €4m to Ulster Bank Investigatory Powers Bill: 'Snoopers Charter 2' to pass into law, giving Government sweeping spying powers Northern Ireland needs a Brexit wishlist, insists former Blair aide Belfast could get 50 more offices over the next five years Edward Snowden post-US election Q&A Battlefield 1 review: 'One of the greatest' Technology Robot takeover: Government completely unprepared for automation and artificial... Technology Paralysed patients walk again after training with exoskeleton and virtual reality Technology Apple’s Philip Schiller interview: Touch Bars, headphone jacks and voice... Technology Tech billionaires convinced we live in the Matrix are secretly funding scientists to help... Technology Paralysed patients walk again after VR training Technology PlayStation VR: Sony releases virtual reality kit Technology Instagram to launch online shopping trial Offbeat UK's first professional drone race to be held in London Technology Art created using virtual reality headset to be exhibited at the Royal Academy Technology Oculus Rift UK and Europe release date Technology Facebook to start taking user data from WhatsApp Technology How is technology affecting our health? Technology Netherlands on brink of banning sale of petrol-fuelled cars Technology What the human body would have to look like to survive a serious car crash Technology China's straddling bus takes first test drive By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go
Enter your email Address Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Press Releases / Intel Gets FAA Waiver for Nighttime Small UAS Operations Intel Gets FAA Waiver for Nighttime Small UAS Operations Dominique Stump September 6, 2016 Press Releases 1,487 Views TYSONS CORNER, VA, Sept. 6, 2016 — Intel (Nasdaq: INTC) has received a certificate of waiver from the Federal Aviation Administration that allows the company to operate up to 1,000 small unmanned aircraft systems at night within special security notice flight restricted areas, ExecutiveBiz reported Friday. The company said Thursday the Part 107 waiver is an extension of the Section 333 exemption it previously received to fly 100 small UAS for its Drone 100 light show in California. About Executive Mosaic: Founded in 2002, Executive Mosaic is a leadership organization and media company. It provides its members an opportunity to learn from peer business executives and government thought leaders while providing an interactive forum to develop key business and partnering relationships. Executive Mosaic offers highly coveted executive events, breaking business news on the Government Contracting industry, and delivers robust and reliable content through seven influential websites and four consequential E-newswires. Executive Mosaic is headquartered in Tysons Corner, VA. www.executivemosaic.com Contact: David Smith (703) 226-7002 david.smith@executivemosaic.com Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags certificate of waiver drone Drone 100 Executive Mosaic ExecutiveBiz FAA Federal Aviation Administration govcon intc Intel nighttime drone operations Part 107 Section 333 exemption UAS unmanned aircraft systems waiver Related Articles Carahsoft to Market Palo Alto Networks IT Security Tool to the Public Sector November 18, 2016 CAE Promotes Joe Armstrong to VP, GM of Canada Defense & Security Unit November 18, 2016 NCR Self-Service Kiosks Provided Support at Veterans’ Day Parades; Stan Ratcliffe, Tom Verbeck Comment November 17, 2016 Check Also SAP’s Mark Testoni: Skill Development Programs Could Help Veterans Land Civilian Jobs TYSONS CORNER, VA, Nov. 17, 2016 — Mark Testoni, president and CEO of SAP National Security … Boeing to Consolidate Defense & Space Business Facilities; Chris Raymond Comments TYSONS CORNER, VA, Nov. 17, 2016 — Boeing (NYSE: BA) plans to consolidate facilities and workloads … Sponsor Click to Play Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags Carahsoft to Market Palo Alto Networks IT Security Tool to the Public Sector November 18, 2016 CAE Promotes Joe Armstrong to VP, GM of Canada Defense & Security Unit November 18, 2016 State Dept Clears Potential $21B F-15 Sale to Qatar November 18, 2016 State Dept OKs $10B Sale of Boeing Super Hornet, Northrop, Raytheon & GE Components to Kuwait November 18, 2016 DLA Awards $252M in Retail Electricity Contracts to 5 Firms November 18, 2016 Deloitte Reports $468B 2015 Cost Overrun for Major Defense Acquisition Programs; Robin Lineberger Comments October 27, 2016 9,041 CSRA Lands $114M Task Order to Help Secure Pentagon’s IT Networks October 20, 2016 3,534 Huntington Ingalls to Buy Camber for $380M to Add IT, Govt Services Market Footprints November 2, 2016 3,397 L-3 Signals More Acquisitions This Year, CACI & Raytheon Pivot to Organic Growth Focus October 28, 2016 2,438 BC Partners, Medina Capital Seek to Add Analytics, Machine Learning Tools to Cyber JV Via Brainspace Purchase November 7, 2016 2,139 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... featured govcon Executive Mosaic Lockheed Martin ExecutiveBiz Contract Awards business news Financial News Defense Department government contracting Northrop Grumman Executive moves Raytheon Contract Award Boeing nyse news financial report General Dynamics SAIC GovCon Index U.S. Air Force DOD press release U.S. Navy Defense Contracting Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire Government Contracting News Wire - GovConWire - The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz SC3 Appoints Natl Security Industry Vet Susan Holley as Business Devt SVP Mitre Appoints Mike Rogers, Cathy Minehan to Board of Trustees AECOM Appoints LaMont Wells an EVP for Mgmt Services Group; John Vollmer Comments Raytheon to Provide Aerial Decoy Jammers to USAF Under $76M Contract Option BAE to Provide Post-Delivery Services for Navy Zumwalt-Class Destroyers Under $193M IDIQ ﻿﻿NTT Data Acquires Dell Services for $3.05B; Tim Conway Comments @Follow Me CAE Promotes Joe Armstrong to VP, GM of Canada Defense & Security Unit https://t.co/SWCrIKMUC1 #cae #canada3 hours ago .@StateDept clears potential $21B F-15 sale to Qatar #GovCon https://t.co/Ko5OV5E9n14 hours ago .@StateDept OKs $10B sale of @Boeing $BA Super Hornet, @northropgrumman $NOC, @Raytheon $RTN tools to Kuwait #GovCon https://t.co/nTGtzF6GqJ4 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2016, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
null
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     PC Hardware   /   AMD Ships 7th Generation Desktop PC Processors       AMD Ships 7th Generation Desktop PC Processors     By Jeffrey Burt  |  Posted 2016-09-06 Print               The "Bristol Ridge" chips offer improved performance and efficiency, but the real shift will come with the "Zen"-based processors early next year. Advanced Micro Devices is shipping its latest desktop processors that will come with up to four of the vendor's current "Excavator" cores and will appear in systems from HP Inc. and Lenovo later this year. While the new 7th Generation A-Series "Bristol Ridge" desktop chips won't feature AMD's high-profile upcoming 'Zen' core—those processors will begin to appear later this year and really ramp in early 2017—they will bring significant performance and power efficiency improvements over their "Kaveri"-based predecessors, will be more competitive with Intel processors and will include the chip maker's new AM4 platform, which comes with its own set of new features. In all, the new Bristol Ridge accelerated processing units (APUs), which put the compute and graphics capabilities on the same piece of silicon, and the adoption by Lenovo and HP are important steps for AMD, according to Kevin Lensing, corporate vice presidence and general manager of client computing at the company. "First, it marks a major increase in productivity performance, streaming video and eSports gaming experiences sought after by today's consumers," Lensing said in a statement. "Second, because these new OEM designs also feature our new AM4 desktop platform, the motherboard ecosystem shows its readiness for our upcoming high-performance 'Summit Ridge' desktop CPUs featuring 'Zen' cores, which share the same platform." AMD introduced the Bristol Ridge processors in June at the Computex 2016 show, saying the chips will help AMD become a stronger competitor to Intel in the PC market. Worldwide PC shipments have continued to slow since 2011, forcing a wide array of vendors—such as Dell, HP and Intel—to look for new growth markets and to make moves to reduce their dependence on the PC space. However, during a conference call with journalists and analysts earlier this summer, Lensing said there still is a significant market opportunity of about $20 billion for client chips. Intel has held a dominant position in the space, with its chips found in more than 95 percent of the PCs sold. However, AMD officials are targeting the client space as one of several key markets in their larger plan to put the chip maker on greater financial footing. AMD officials said HP and Lenovo are only the first system makers to announce new systems based on the Bristol Ridge chips, and that other OEMs also are embracing the 7th Generation APUs. The chips will offer up to four Excavator cores and will come in 35- and 65-watt versions. The processors will deliver performance normally found in 95 watt chips, and will match Intel's Core i5 6500 processor in productivity performance and provide 99 percent better graphics performance, they said. They also include enhanced video playback capabilities that support up to 4K Ultra HD in both H.264 and H.265 formats, will include Graphics Core Next graphics and will support Microsoft's DirectX  12 technology. The AM4 socket—which will bring compatibility between the Bristol Ridge processors and the upcoming Zen-base "Summit Ridge" desktop chips—deliver DDR4 memory, next-generation interconnect technology and peripheral support, such as PCIe Gen 3, USB 3.1 Gen 2, NVMe and SATA Express, officials said. The introduction of the Zen core microarchitecture will be key to AMD's future. Company engineers designed the x86 chips from the ground up for all of AMD's efforts, from the smallest notebooks to the largest high-performance computing (HPC) systems, and executives unveiled the plan more than a year ago. Last month, officials gave some clarity on the Zen timeline, saying the first chips with the new cores will be in desktops, followed by server processors—dubbed "Naples"—in the second quarter 2017 and followed by Zen-based notebooks in the second half of next year. The goal with Zen was to create a new x86 microarchitecture with greater performance and power efficiency for a cloud-based world that includes such fast-growing computing trends as virtual reality (VR), augmented reality (AR), esports and data analytics. Zen offers a 40 percent improvement in instructions-per-clock performance over AMD's current processors, and during a demonstration in August, Senior Vice President and CTO Mark Papermaster said a Summit Ridge chip delivered comparable performance and efficiency as a similarly configured "Broadwell-E" processor from Intel. In an interview with eWEEK last month, AMD President and CEO Lisa Su said AMD made a "high-risk, high-reward" bet on Zen that is paying off. "I would agree that this is the biggest product launch [for AMD] in 10 years," Su said. "We're exactly where we thought we would be."           LATEST PC HARDWARE ARTICLES   Factors You Need to Consider When Replacing Aging Laptops New Microsoft Surface Books, Surface Dial Go on Sale Microsoft Nixes Xbox Streaming Stick AMD Targets Gaming, VR Content Creators With New Radeon Graphics Cards Microsoft Surface Devices Challenge Apple in Enterprise Strongholds                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Jump to navigation Log in Sign Up Feed Main menu Articles Business Education Government Health Law Life Resources Projects and applications Conferences and events Organizations The open source cloud Big data Docker Internet of things Kubernetes Linux containers Microservices OpenStack Software defined networking Open source alternatives Alternatives to Acrobat Alternatives to AutoCAD Alternatives to Dreamweaver Alternatives to Gmail Alternatives to MATLAB Alternatives to Minecraft Alternatives to Picasa Alternatives to Publisher Alternatives to Slack Alternatives to Trello More... eBooks Community Join the community Register Rules for comments and discussions Community Moderator program Community Columnist program Points and badges Editorial calendar Submit your story Writer Testimonials Guides for writers Article submission and style guide How to conduct an interview How to enter an article Tips for promoting your Opensource.com article Contributor Club Editorial writing topics About The Open Source Way Meet the team Press kit Contact The Open Org What is The Open Organization? Chapter download Twitter chats Open Org FAQs Resources Catalyst in Chief download Field guide download Discussion guides Readling list Book club Meet the ambassadors Ambassadors program Search form Search Main menu Articles Business Education Government Health Law Life Resources Projects and applications Conferences and events Organizations The open source cloud Open source alternatives eBooks Community Join the community Register Rules for comments and discussions Community Moderator program Community Columnist program Points and badges Editorial calendar Submit your story Writer Testimonials Guides for writers Article submission and style guide How to conduct an interview How to enter an article Tips for promoting your Opensource.com article Contributor Club Editorial writing topics About The Open Org What is The Open Organization? Chapter download Twitter chats Open Org FAQs Resources Catalyst in Chief download Field guide download Discussion guides Readling list Book club Meet the ambassadors Ambassadors program Google's open source program office offers a model for other companies About the author John Mark Walker - John Mark Walker is Director of Product Management at Dell EMC and is responsible for managing the ViPR Controller product as well as the CoprHD open source community. He has led many open source community efforts, including ManageIQ, » More about me Learn how you can contribute How Google created a new kind of open source program office Posted 06 Sep 2016 John Mark WalkerFeed 48up Image by :  opensource.com In my previous article, What is an open source program office? And why do you need one?, I introduced the idea of an open source program office (OSPO) and discussed what they do, why a company would want to create one, and how to optimize them. In that article I focused on technology vendors and for a good reason—they were the first to embrace open source program offices strategically. From IBM and Intel to Oracle and even Microsoft, open source program offices were all the rage at technology companies from 1999 through about 2005. At that time, open source program offices were a way for vendors to get a handle on this brave new open source world and coordinate activities through a centralized office. But the one company I held up as the definitive example, Google, was a harbinger of things to come. Google was not a software vendor, at least not in the purest sense. Google was a provider of Internet search services and advertising, as this was before they became known for their mobile platform and services. Google's ability to influence the direction of open source software development brought to mind one of the core tenets of open source development: Everyone has a seat at the table, and everyone can use it to exercise power. Google's foray into open source politics made one thing crystal clear—software production was no longer controlled by software vendors. Since then, one commercial user after another made inroads into software development, in many cases wielding far more power than so-called software creators. Since Google demonstrated that software development was an avenue to increasing industry influence, we've seen many other companies expand into the open source program world, including Yahoo!, Facebook, Twitter, PayPal, Netflix, GitHub, and scores of others. What do all of these companies have in common? None of them are known for creating software for general consumption—at least, they weren't before. Sure, many of them are technology companies, but they were known for delivering services, not software for outside users. Since this rising tide first surfaced, how much influence these companies have on the software industry has dramatically increased, to the point in which many of their engineers and executives are the first to be listed as headline speakers and keynote speakers at technology conferences. The Google example Although many companies have created OSPOs and wield influence over open source communities and ecosystems, Google stands out for its open source efforts. Perhaps this is because all the other OSPOs feel very ... utilitarian in comparison. This is not necessarily bad, but what differentiates Google from other organizations, aside from being the first to embrace the OSPO approach, is that Google embraces the mission of spreading free software to the world. And no it's not altruistic, because the company garners acclaim and accolades for the greater glory of the Googleplex, but I've known many of Google's OSPO staffers through the years, and there's one thing I've never heard them say: "I'm an open source pragmatist." I've heard lots of other people at the other OSPOs say those exact words, often with a sense of pride. Google's open source program office staffers aren't just enthusiastic about making Google software better—they seem enthusiastic about changing the world through open source. How does Google benefit by embracing a mission that goes beyond wielding industry influence? The benefits are not easy to calculate, but there are metrics that are objective, such as perceived influence compared to actual engineering contributions. Google may not contribute the most code and, before Kubernetes, its open source projects were either small efforts or tightly constrained and not very open (e.g., Chrome, Android), but it carries great (one might say outsized) influence in open source developer circles, which gave it a great platform to launch Kubernetes and increase its chances of success. But Google did things like create Google Code, which at one time was a massive repository of the world's open source code, and it created the Summer of Code. Although neither of these initiatives involved massive code contributions by Google, they enabled developers around the world to collaborate and write more code. To date, no other company—vendor, user, or otherwise—has embraced this mission to the same degree as Google. Although this is great for Google, one wonders when some other enterprising company will invest in a similar vision. I suspect that the bottom line is risk: Why associate with an initiative not tightly coupled with a company's business objectives? After all, Facebook's business is not to build open source communities; its business is advertising. Someone looking at the books at Facebook would conclude that investing money in growing the world's open source ecosystems is simply not in keeping with the goals of a publicly traded company. However, the counterpoint is that Google also is, at its core, an advertising company, and is able to leverage its open source efforts into real business advantages. There also could be a sense of "been there, done that." At the time that Google started its OSPO, how much of the world would end up running on open source software wasn't clear yet. These days, open source quickly is taking over the software world, to the point in which all major areas of software innovation are happening on open source platforms. Perhaps these companies don't see the need to embrace a larger mission, when that very mission seems quite capable of sustaining itself. In their thinking, the hard work of establishing open source as a viable methodology for creating the world's best software has already been done. Why put time and money into something that doesn't need a boost? I would counter that there is still much to be done, especially for end-user facing software and platforms. Furthermore, expanding the open source mission to under-represented communities would lead to great gains for both the technology world and those communities. The benefits for those who solve that problem are immense—who's going to expand their OSPO to take it on? The point is, if a core factor in Google's uniqueness and success is its embrace of a problem space that's larger than simply its immediate business objectives, isn't there something to learn from that? Technology vendors vs. other companies Now that I've covered why an organization such as Google would create an open source program office, let's consider tech company efforts. As I mentioned, software companies and other companies that don't sell or support software as a primary business have different objectives and challenges to creating an OSPO. Whereas a primary software-development goal for organizations is to create better solutions for internal use, software development vendors often will see open source initiatives as a better way to distribute software products to the far reaches of the globe. This could also explain why some software development vendors have fallen behind when it comes to open source participation and influence—the fear of losing software (or software support) sales outweighs what they think they would gain by participating more aggressively in open source ecosystems. This could be described as extreme risk-aversion from technology vendors. After all, if they're making high-margin money from the sales of software products and services, why risk that just to influence open source ecosystems? After all, it's easy for companies that don't sell software to decide that they want to collaborate more deeply with open source ecosystems, and the subtext of that participation is one of avoiding vendors, so why would vendors help them along? The reason is because the market for old-fashioned vendor-supplied software deployed on premises is shrinking by the day. As you probably know, it's an open source world now, and a company's success can be directly tied to how much they participate in these ecosystems. So companies that get this continue to grow and expand whereas others, not so much. In this context, I have to wonder why a technology vendor in 2016 would not decide that strong investment into open source technologies is the right way forward. In fact, think back to the late 1990s and early 2000s and IBM's news splash around their $1-billion investment in Linux, with their "Peace, Love, and Linux" marketing campaign. Vendors must see themselves as between a rock and a hard place—investing in open source carries the risk of aiding other companies and losing potential sales, whereas not investing in open source carries the risk of being bypassed entirely by the technology world. In the end, however, technology vendors have no choice—collaborate or die. They can willfully disregard trends as long as they want, but ultimately it's to their detriment. They would do well to borrow a few pages from Google and other TODO Group participants and take a holistic approach to open source ecosystems: Which ones are of strategic importance, and how can participation help go to market more quickly with new products and services? And for an extra dash of magic, Google has shown that embracing a mission outside of a company's primary product focus yields results as well. But hey, one step at a time. Tags Business, software, Google About the author John Mark Walker - John Mark Walker is Director of Product Management at Dell EMC and is responsible for managing the ViPR Controller product as well as the CoprHD open source community. He has led many open source community efforts, including ManageIQ, » More about me Learn how you can contribute Recommended reading A new kernel on the way, self-taught software engineering, and more open source news How Capital One is embracing open source Evolving the design summit, bare metal deployments, and more OpenStack news 5 open source dashboard tools for visualizing data Open source FIWARE platform creates new IoT business opportunities 'Open source' is not 'free software' Comment now Login or Register to earn points for your comments. Your name * E-mail * The content of this field is kept private and will not be shown publicly. Accept the Terms of Use to continue. You are licensing your contribution(s) as CC-BY-SA. * Comment * Home page By submitting this form, you accept the Mollom privacy policy. Sign up for Opensource.com news Footer Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Meet the Team Visit opensource.org Find us:  Twitter Facebook Google Plus Instagram Youtube LinkedIn Flickr RSS For more discussion on open source and the role of the CIO in the enterprise, join us at The EnterprisersProject.com. The opinions expressed on this website are those of each author, not of the author's employer or of Red Hat. Opensource.com aspires to publish all content under a Creative Commons license but may not be able to do so in all cases. You are responsible for ensuring that you have the necessary permission to reuse any work on this site. Red Hat and the Shadowman logo are trademarks of Red Hat, Inc., registered in the United States and other countries.
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Tag News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted Journalist Account PRNewswire Distribution Search Capsa Ventures Receives The Intel Environmental Responsibility & Sustainability Award   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * Fourth * East Austin * Capsa Ventures By Industry: * Real EstateAUSTIN, Texas - Sept. 6, 2016 - PRLog -- Capsa Ventures, LLC, an Austin-based real estate developer focused on creating sustainable urban projects, last week received The Intel Environmental Responsibility & Sustainability Award in Small Division category from Greater Austin Chamber of Commerce during the 16th Annual Greater Austin Business Awards Gala, recognizing Capsa's commitment to environmentally sound practices. Starting with 904 West in 2009 Capsa Ventures has shown substantial commitment to provide Austinites who value our environment with better options to call home – focused on sustainability while remaining beautiful, highly functional, and located in sought-after neighborhoods. The company has implemented a comprehensive approach, utilizing a wide array of eco-conscious technologies, materials and techniques to preserve precious natural resources, reduce energy and water consumption, taking sustainable development in Austin to the next level. From rooftop solar panels and courtyard rain gardens, to electric vehicle charging stations, the use of recycled or sustainable construction materials and high-performance fixtures, Capsa Ventures makes it easy for the Austinites to live a more sustainable life and promotes eco-conscious development in the real estate industry. "We are very proud to be recognized by Austin's business community for our continued commitment to making our city a more sustainable, better place to live," said Rance Clause, founder and CEO of Capsa Ventures. "Our communities are designed with a focus on green architecture and the creation of a sustainable structure, from the foundation and exterior walls to the solar panels and interior finishes. With each project we push the envelope further, thereby changing the way Austin is built." Capsa Ventures' latest sustainable project, Fourth& is currently under construction. Situated on 2.2 acres in East Austin at the corner of Fourth and Chicon Streets, just south of the Plaza Saltilllo MetroRail line and less than a mile east of Interstate 35, Fourth& is redefining "quality of life" and is the only real estate development in Austin that offers a full life with a small footprint. The 130,000-square-foot condominium and mixed-use community includes 97 residential condominium units and 42,000 square feet of flexible, street level commercial space, all sheltered under a wealth of solar panels on the roof. Other sustainable features include an electric vehicle charging station, multiple courtyard rain gardens with native draught-tolerant landscaping, recycled quartz countertops, LED lighting, Low-E windows, Energy Star-rated appliances, energy-efficient water heaters, bamboo flooring and exterior siding. When completed in summer 2017, Fourth& will be among the largest mixed-use developments in East Austin. For more information visit our website at http://www.FourthAndAustin.com. About Capsa Capsa Ventures, LLC, is an Austin-based real estate developer focused on creating sustainable urban projects in fast growing medium sized markets. Capsa founder, veteran real estate developer Rance Clouse, has a long history of creating modern buildings in Austin that are as green as they are beautiful. Among the firm's signature projects are the green townhomes Towns on Cumberland and the noted solar developments Pease Place and 904 West. Clouse's prior endeavors include several developments in the Phoenix area and founding Homes Direct, Inc., which was acquired by Belgravia Capital. Media Contact Ania Czarnecka Ward 7138690707 aczarnecka@wardcc.com End Source : Capsa Ventures Email : ***@wardcc.com Listed Under- Tags : Fourth, East Austin, Capsa Ventures Industry : Real Estate Location : Austin - Texas - United States Subject : Awards A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse Chamberlain Hrdlicka News Chamberlain Hrdlicka Hosts 39th Annual Tax and Business Planning Seminar Seventeen Chamberlain Hrdlicka Attorneys Named to US News - Best Lawyers in America Trending Huntsville Cyber Security Contractor Addresses New FAR Rule Implementing CUI Program Jeff Gordon Promotes Axalta's New Powder Coating Learning and Development Center Prairie Capital Advisors Announces The Sale of McKinney Communications Corp. To An ESOP Chrysta Bell & BellaSun release singles 'In My Life' and 'Swing Low, Sweet Chariot' IOTAP has been featured in the CIOReview magazine Daily News Coldwell Banker Hearthside, REALTORS® Appoints Douglas Krautheim As Sales Manager - 400 views New 3D Printing Support Cleaning Apparatus Features Large Capacity for Stratasys FDM Systems - 266 views A Social Science Experiment Reveals that Not Everything Is As Real As It Seems In Every Protest - 258 views Compuware and CPT Global Partner to Enhance Mainframe Cost-Efficiencies - 228 views Mint SIM Launches Best F*!ing Deal in Wireless (We Said "Foxing"!) - 197 views Weekly News Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 1239 views 2016 Denver Christkindl Market Brings European Charm to Downtown Denver - 938 views Wisco Hotel Group hires Regional Vice President for Milwaukee Area - 805 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 739 views Wayman Aviation Opa Locka to Relocate After 30 years - 709 views PTC News Say YES to Year End Savings on Quick Move-In Lennar Homes Across Colorado - 351 views New Models Open at D'Andrea Tomorrow - 244 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 207 views Lennar's Schulz Ranch in Carson City Grand Opens With Great Success - 188 views Dave Bautista (WWE Superstar Batista), Finn Bálor Blast Into Wizard World Comic Con New Orleans - 149 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Feeds | Get Alerts | Journalist Account | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Apple Former high-level Apple engineer turned down for job at Genius Bar JK Scheinberg, who masterminded major innovation during his 21 years at company, was snubbed for in-store tech support role Apple staff use iPads at a store in central London. The company employs people at its Genius Bars to give technical support. Photograph: Oli Scarff/Getty Images Rob Davies Tuesday 6 September 2016 10.51 EDT Last modified on Tuesday 6 September 2016 11.06 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close This article is 2 months old An engineer credited with changing the way in which Apple computers work was turned down for a job at one of the company’s Genius Bars. JK Scheinberg left Apple in 2008 after 21 years, having masterminded the top secret Marklar project to run Apple’s operating system on Intel chips. He later applied for a job in the customer support area, commonly staffed by younger people, at one of Apple’s high street stores after growing bored of retirement, according to reports in the US. A brief guide to everything that’s annoying about Apple Read more Despite possessing vast knowledge of Apple’s technology from working on some of its most high-level projects, Scheinberg was knocked back. Details of the surprising rejection emerged in an article about age discrimination in the New York Times. The author, Ashton Applewhite, said Scheinberg helps her with IT problems and the same support could have been offered to Apple customers. “I’m lucky enough to get my tech support from JK Scheinberg, the engineer at Apple who led the effort that moved the Mac to Intel processors,” said Applewhite. “A little restless after retiring in 2008, at 54 he figured he’d be a great fit for a position at an Apple store Genius Bar, despite being twice as old as anyone else at the group interview.” Applewhite said Scheinberg told her: “On the way out, all three of the interviewers singled me out and said: ‘We’ll be in touch.’ I never heard back.” Scheinberg has since addressed the rejection on Twitter. He also tweeted a link to Applewhite’s book This Chair Rocks: A Manifesto Against Ageism. JK Scheinberg (@tiltdad) Wonder if Apple will finally give me callback on that genius bar interview https://t.co/9fXt5fBFTU #ageism September 5, 2016 Scheinberg worked out how to run Apple’s operating system on his personal PCs, powered by Intel processors, according to his wife, Kim. The company developed his findings and has since switched all its computers from PowerPC processors to Intel. Apple did not return a request for comment. More news Topics Apple Computing Technology sector Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Apple Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Evercore Sees Light At The End Of The Tunnel For PCs, Upgrades Intel To Buy Jim Swanson , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} September 06, 2016 9:41am   Comments Share: Related INTC Intel Corporation, Mobileye May Be Star-Crossed Lovers, But Chowdhry Calls Veronian Tragedy 3 Stocks To Own Under President Trump Nobody Has Talked About What AMD Is Doing In Deep Learning (Seeking Alpha) Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC) has underperformed other Semiconductors year-to-date, on concerns regarding a slowdown in the company’s Server business and sustained PC weakness. Evercore’s C.J. Muse upgraded the rating on the company to Buy, while raising the price target from $38 to $45. Data Center Muse believes that the scenario is about to change for Intel, as DGC accelerates to more than 10 percent growth in the second half of 2016. This could be a meaningful catalyst to drive the stock higher. Beyond this, the analyst believes there could be potential competition for some workloads in the Data Center business, although Intel is likely to be able to deal with the competition, given the ongoing innovation with the company’s Xeon processors, as well as the recent product introductions, such as FPGA, Optane and Silicon Photonics. “Layer in a meaningful and perhaps misunderstood Networking opportunity as carriers upgrade their networks for 5G and the 50 billion coming connected devices, and we are comfortable underwriting a 12 percent growth CAGR for DCG,” Muse stated. PCs On the other hand, the analyst noted that PCs were tracking in the high single digits during Q3 and were expected to be “flat to modestly high” in Q4, indicating that the consensus expectations for CCG could prove conservative. “Add in lower losses from memory, a plethora of other options that offer incremental upside, and an ongoing restructuring that should support a 30 percent operating margin into CY17 and we believe Intel can generate $3.00 in EPS in CY17 – nicely ahead of current consensus of $2.71,” Muse said. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Latest Ratings for INTC Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Charter Equity Upgrades Market Perform Buy Oct 2016 Deutsche Bank Maintains Buy Oct 2016 Nomura Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for INTC View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: C.J. MuseAnalyst Color Long Ideas Upgrades Price Target Top Stories Analyst Ratings Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (INTC) Intel Corporation, Mobileye May Be Star-Crossed Lovers, But Chowdhry Calls Veronian Tragedy 3 Stocks To Own Under President Trump Big Tech Is Leading The Stock Market Higher Today Wall Street's M&A Chatter From Thursday, November 3 Benzinga's M&A Chatter for Tuesday November 1, 2016 Apple's New MacBook Specs Take On Top Competitors View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Benzinga Sign up for email alerts on INTC Trending Recent 1 THCBF, APHQF: 5 Best Marijuana Stocks Of 2016 2 DRYS, SINO: 3 Legitimate Catalysts Driving The Illegitimate Rally In S... 3 NMM, SINO: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 4 TSLA, MBLY: Mobileye Could Collapse By Next Spring,... 5 EGLE, GLBS: DryShips Announces Offering A... 6 DSKX, DRYS: The T-12 Nasdaq Hal... 7 CSCO, WMT: 12 Must Wa... 1 SSNLF, BBY: Best Buy's Execution Continues To Improve, Yet Maturing 4K TV Cyc... 2 MSG, WWE: Dana White Enters Vince McMahon's Territory: Does He Have... 3 Soybean Futures Trading Higher 4 ELGX, SLP: Mid-Day Market Update: Abercrombie & Fitch Drops... 5 WSM: Williams-Sonoma: Bad Comps, Soft Sales And Another... 6 FB, GOOGL: RBC's Mark Mahaney Talks FANG Trade... 7 BBH, CELG: Assessing The Legitimacy Of The... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Technical Alert: S&P 500 Index Futures Holding Friday's Gains Live Cattle Futures Trading Lower
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»INTEL AKTIE»MGT Capital Files Complaint In U.S. Court For Declaratory Judgment Against Intel INTEL CORPORATION 32,831  Euro -0,056 -0,17 % WKN: 855681  ISIN: US4581401001 Ticker-Symbol: INL  Frankfurt | 18.11.16 | 18:03 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheHalbleiter AktienmarktNASDAQ-100 DJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 32,844 32,95 19:02 32,837 32,90 19:02 06.09.2016 | 15:11 (6 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News MGT Capital Files Complaint In U.S. Court For Declaratory Judgment Against Intel SANTA CLARA (dpa-AFX) - MGT Capital Investments Inc. (MGT) said that on September 2nd the Company and John McAfee filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court, Southern District of New York seeking a judgment that the Company's use of 'John McAfee Global Technologies Inc.' does not infringe upon any trademark rights of Intel Corporation or breach any agreement between the parties. In 1991, Mr. McAfee entered into an asset acquisition agreement with McAfee Associates, L.P., with Mr. McAfee as Managing Partner. That agreement transferred ownership of certain business assets, but did not transfer or otherwise assign rights to Mr. McAfee's personal name via assignment of trademark or otherwise, or agree to restrict his right to do business using his name. Further the agreement did not contain any non-compete provisions of any kind. In fact, any trademarks pertaining to doing business as 'McAfee Associates' were subsequently cancelled or abandoned. Over the past 25 years, McAfee Associates was involved in a merger and was renamed 'Network Associates,' later changed back to 'McAfee Associates.' It was then purchased by Intel Corporation in 2010. Intel itself renamed the business 'Intel Security' a few years later, and, according to press reports, Intel is now attempting to sell Intel Security. Mr. McAfee sold his remaining stake in McAfee Associates in 1997, and has remained a notable entrepreneur with several business ventures, as well as a renowned global thought leader and public figure. The plan to change MGT's name to John McAfee Global Technologies, Inc. is a clear reference to Mr. McAfee as a famed international figure in his own right. 'When MGT announced it was to be renamed John McAfee Global Technologies, Intel sent a letter claiming they owned my name,' John McAfee explained. 'In my opinion, it has been Intel improperly using my name, and I have not been happy that the general public associates Intel's products with me.' Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu INTEL CORPORATION Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 18:07 Closing The Book On Intel And Vuzix ► Artikel lesen 16:21 Tech Today: Salesforce, Marvell Surge, Apple's Inventory, Intel's A.I. ► Artikel lesen 15:46 Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good ► Artikel lesen 15:22 Intel Corporation Is Preparing a Core i3 7350K Gaming Chip ► Artikel lesen 14:33 Google und Intel wollen Cloud Computing in die Unternehmen bringen MOUNTAIN VIEW (IT-Times) - Die Google Cloud Sparte hat eine Allianz mit dem Halbleiterkonzern Intel geformt, um die Akzeptanz von Cloud Computing in Unternehmen zu verbessern. Google hatte mit Intel... ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu MGT CAPITAL INVESTMENTS INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 18:07 MGT Capital Investments appoints John McAfee CEO ► Artikel lesen 17:31 John McAfee Officially Appointed as MGT Capital (MGTI) CEO ► Artikel lesen Di MGT Capital (MGTI) Reports Wider Q3 Loss; Updates on Recent Operations ► Artikel lesen Mo MGT CAPITAL INVESTMENTS INC - 10-Q, Quaterly Report ► Artikel lesen 10.11. MGT Capital (MGTI) Announces Completion of Bitcoin Phase Two Ahead of Schedule ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart INTEL CORPORATION Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % INTEL CORPORATION 32,831 -0,17 % MGT CAPITAL INVESTMENTS INC 2,104 -2,91 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Salon Home News news Emboldened by Donald Trump’s win, Republican lawmakers nationwide rush to pass repressive legislation Sophia Tesfaye Sexual assault and harassment in the United States are all too common, even before Donald Trump Sarah Cook Divided, battered Haiti to hold elections, ready or not David Mcfadden Politics politics 2016 Elections On the road with our American selves, or how to feel like a jerk in Mombasa, Kenya Mattea Kramer Emboldened by Donald Trump’s win, Republican lawmakers nationwide rush to pass repressive legislation Sophia Tesfaye New Google Chrome extension replaces the term “alt-right” with “rebranded white nationalism” Matthew Rozsa Entertainment entertainment Books Movies Music TV Kroenke, Goodell break ground on Rams’ Inglewood stadium Greg Beacham Breaking: “I am being considered for every major role in Donald Trump’s White House”: The Greatest Living American Writer Neal Pollack Woody Harrelson on his new role in a coming-of-age drama: “I was nominated in high school for class clown. It was disappointing I didn’t get it.” Gary M. Kramer Life life Life Stories Love & Sex Parenting On the road with our American selves, or how to feel like a jerk in Mombasa, Kenya Mattea Kramer Sexual assault and harassment in the United States are all too common, even before Donald Trump Sarah Cook The danger of Tinder’s LGBT-friendly upgrade: How the dating app could be used to target trans users Nico Lang Business business Wall Street Finance Labor Donald Trump pats self on back for saving Ford plant that wasn’t going to close Matthew Rozsa The Wolves of Wall Street: Trump’s Treasury contenders — what big teeth they have … Gary Legum Power Rangers: Why car companies are moving into home energy storage business Angelo Young Innovation innovation Power Rangers: Why car companies are moving into home energy storage business Angelo Young The danger of Tinder’s LGBT-friendly upgrade: How the dating app could be used to target trans users Nico Lang Minivan makeover: The Chrysler Pacifica Hybrid could be the next hot car Matthew Rozsa Video video Feeling validated by Donald Trump’s win, German hate groups team up with right-wing American hate groups Kali Holloway 3 Reasons the Trump coalition will crumble — and Democrats will need to pick up the pieces Simon Johnson Bernie Sanders: Donald Trump should apologize for campaign rhetoric, fire Steve Bannon Lisa Lerer Log out Sign in Tuesday, Sep 6, 2016 12:44 PM UTC Intel purchases Movidius to help complete its “human-like sight” initiative Movidius' system-on-a-chip will allow Intel's RealSense to process visual data with little power, and in real time Scott Eric Kaufman Follow Share WhatsApp Post 0 All Share Services Topics: AI, Business, Intel, Movidius, Business News Intel sign(Credit: Intel) Intel purchased Irish system-on-a-chip (SoC) manufacturer Movidius on Tuesday in order further develop its ambitious “human-like sight” initiative, which has been hampered by the amount of processing power required to run its RealSense depth-sensing camera. According to Intel’s technology chief Joshn Walden, the plan will be to integrate Movidius’ SoC into smaller devices — such as drones and digital security cameras — that currently lack the power to process their surroundings absent a connection to a computer cloud. “We see massive potential for Movidius to accelerate our initiatives in new and emerging technologies,” Walden wrote in a statement. “The ability to track, navigate, map and recognize both scenes and objects using Movidius’ low-power and high-performance SoCs opens opportunities in areas where heat, battery life and form factors are key.” Movidius’ SoC works by taking information provided by a range of sources and breaking it down into tasks small enough to performed in parallel. Instead of the power-hungry sensors currently found on automated vehicles — which can afford be so, given that they have access to an abundant and renewable supply of energy — Movidius’ SoC will allow for the placement of real-time image-processing cameras in smaller, lighter, and less powerful entities that require vision-processing units. Scott Eric Kaufman is an assistant editor at Salon. He taught at a university, but then thought better of it. Follow him at @scottekaufman or email him at skaufman@salon.com. Follow More Scott Eric Kaufman. Comments Loading Comments... Powered by Livefyre brought to you by ✕ video About | Advertising | Contact | Corrections | Help | Investor Relations | Privacy | Terms of Service Copyright © 2016 Salon Media Group, Inc. Reproduction of material from any Salon pages without written permission is strictly prohibited. SALON ® is registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office as a trademark of Salon Media Group Inc. Associated Press articles: Copyright © 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Google+ Twitter YouTube Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Hardware Industry AMD announces new desktop APUs and (Zen compatible) AM4 socket By Shawn Knight on Sep 5, 2016, 11:30 AM TechSpot AMD on Monday said desktop PCs featuring Bristol Ridge APUs will arrive in the near future, offering both performance and efficiency improvements over previous desktop-based APUs. What’s likely more interesting here for most isn’t the new APUs but the introduction of the AM4 socket. AMD’s seventh-generation A-series chips for entry-level desktops will be offered in eight variants, from the highest-end A12-9800 sporting four cores, a base clock of 3.8GHz and Radeon R7 graphics at 65 watts to the A6-9500E with two cores, a base clock of 3.5GHz, Radeon R5 graphics and a TDP of 35 watts. There’s also a non-APU variant called the Athlon X4 950, a quad-core chip clocked at 3.5GHz and a 65 watt TDP. AMD says its new APUs offer as much as 17 percent higher processing performance compared to Intel’s Core i5-6500 and 99 percent better graphics performance. The latter is no surprise as Intel’s integrated graphics have never really been on par with AMD’s. Like Intel’s upcoming Kaby Lake chips, AMD’s new desktop APUs also support VP9 and H.265/HEVC. That said, Bristol Ridge chips likely won’t even show up as a blip on enthusiasts’ radars as true hardware hounds are waiting to see what AMD’s upcoming Zen platform has to offer. That’s especially true considering these new chips are still based on the Carrizo architecture and built using the dated 28-nanometer manufacturing process. The new AM4 socket, however, is noteworthy as it will run both Bristol Ridge and Summit Ridge (Zen) chips and offer support for DDR4 RAM, USB 3.1 G2, NVMe and SATA Express. Initially, AMD will offer a trio of chipsets: the AMD B350 for the mainstream segment, the AMD A320 for the essential crowd and the AMD X/B/A300 for small form factor boards. HP and Lenovo will be among the first partners to offer Bristol Ridge-based desktops, AMD said. Related Reads AMD's new AM4 socket spotted in the wild, ready for Zen AMD's Zen processors to feature up to 32 cores, 8-channel DDR4 AMD Zen CPUs delayed to early 2017, more details revealed 4 comments 184 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… China still has the two fastest supercomputers in the world The indefatigable PC IBM says Macs save as much as $543 per user versus a PC Load Comments 4 ... User Comments: 4 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 14 Getting 5.1 surround through S/PDIF 3.5mm jack 8 Rebuilding a PC 14 I am going to build my next super PC Please tell me your thoughts 10 Budget gaming build 17 Removing "line in" echo from Realtek HD Audio output (if it is not a sound effect) Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
null
null
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Fri, Nov 18, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Intel acquires Dublin-based chipmaker Movidius Acquisition represents ‘massive potential’ for emerging technologies, says Intel Tue, Sep 6, 2016, 08:17 Updated: Tue, Sep 6, 2016, 16:58 Charlie Taylor, Eoin Burke-Kennedy Movidius co-founders Seán Mitchell and David Moloney and chief financial officer John Bourke. Photograph: Cyril Byrne         Tech giant Intel has acquired Dublin-based chip-design company Movidius in a multimillion-euro deal. Movidius makes computer vision hardware which has applications in drone and camera technology, and lists Google and Lenovo among its blue-chip clients. The company was recently named one of the 50 smartest companies in tech by the MIT Technology Review. The price paid by Intel has not been disclosed although it is believed the deal was worth close to $400 million (€355 million). This is significantly higher than the €250 million valuation placed on the company last year following a fundraising round. Original backers The firm’s original backers include Atlantic Bridge Capital, DFJ Esprit, Robert Bosch Venture Capital and the AIB Seed Capital Fund. The Irish taxpayer also previously invested an undisclosed amount in Movidius through the China-Ireland Growth Technology Fund, which is funded by the Ireland Strategic Investment Fund (ISIF). Movidius, which was co-founded by Seán Mitchell and David Moloney in 2005, employs 180 staff across its global operations. It recently announced plans to create 100 jobs in Dublin after raising an additional $40 million from new investors. “We will continue to operate with the same eagerness to invent and the same customer-focus attitude that we’re known for, and we will retain Movidius talent and the start-up mentality that we have demonstrated over the years,” said company chief executive Remi El-Ouazzane. Draper Esprit, which has a 10 per cent stake in Movidius, told investors the deal would result in a cash return of £27 million (€32m) for the firm. ISIF, which owns about 8 per cent of the company, is believed to have earned around €30 million. Other investors include Atlantic Bridge, which has a 12 per cent stake, Robert Bosch Venture Capital, which has a 10 per cent stake, and Summit Bridge Capital, which has a 7.5 per cent shareholding. ADVERTISEMENT While both Mr Mitchell and Mr Moloney retain a shareholding in the business, along with other management and staff, it has been much diluted over several fundraisings. Movidius’s technology is expected to be integrated with Intel’s RealSense platform, which is being built into augmented-reality headsets, webcams and drones. “We see massive potential for Movidius to accelerate our initiatives in new and emerging technologies,” said said Josh Walden, general manager of the ne technology group at Intel.       Topics: Google Intel Lenovo Group Movidius Dublin(IE) Read More Recognising the opportunity that enables machines to see Movidius on move to next-generation interaction Movidius to create 100 jobs in Dublin as it raises $40m Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Technology Ireland could be facing even bigger recession, Martin warns Work Pre-meetings key to successful meetings on contentious issues International Rory Best: We need our best performance ever Business Fold-away €5 bike helmet wins Dyson award Sponsored Designing the F-Pace: the story of Jaguar's best-seller HR managers need a simplified approach to pensions World-first tech restores mains electricity to Aran Islands Newbridge Silverware builds ambitious plan for US market ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Airbnb takes on tourism industry with move into excursions 17:10 Three UK hit by data breach but no risk to Irish customers 16:28 Abercrombie & Fitch shares slide as sales miss estimates 15:52 Draghi warns against allowing Central Bank to cap mortgage rates 15:50 Germany says Commission has no right to decide on its fiscal space 15:39 ADVERTISEMENT Tech Tools Review: Vivofit Jr, an activity tracker for kids Fool your children into activity by turning it into a game Prynt prints your smartphone photos – and adds video Tech Tools: It’s augmented reality meets actual reality with the help of Zink technology Smart wifi plug gives you the power to control the power Tech Tools: TP Link device means you can use home appliances from your smartphone Could sleep problems be a thing of the past with Sense? Tech Tools: ‘Sleep pills’ that aren’t, and a glowing orb that controls everything. Welcome to the future Most Read in Business 1 Ireland’s biggest landlord: ‘I feel bad for the Irish people’ 2 Public sector pay rises? We cannot afford them 3 Donald Trump’s team reveals surprising lack of global business knowledge 4 Draghi warns against allowing Central Bank to cap mortgage rates 5 Aviva to become full-fledged subsidiary of UK parent once again 6 Donald Trump victory triggers surge in jobseeking in Ireland 7 Airbnb takes on tourism industry with move into excursions 8 Germany says Commission has no right to decide on its fiscal space 9 Ireland could be facing even bigger recession, Martin warns 10 Volkswagen to cut 30,000 jobs in historic shake-up Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Web Log Get smart with the Science Gallery Podcast Research finds way to curb racist tweets Angry Chef debunks ‘clean’ eating movement Mac App Store now facing strong competition San Francisco hosts world’s first convention for emoji fans Game Reviews Pokemon Go Review   Gotta catch ‘em all? Be prepared for the long haul Gordon Ramsay Dash   If you can’t stand the heat... Preview: EA’S UFC 2   Step into the Octagon Tearaway Unfolded   Big screen debut for Atoi & Co Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Fri 18/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Contact Jobs Contribute Advertise Team About Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers Launch Distract World Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalise content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Intel acquires Google’s Project Tango partner Movidius by Abhimanyu Ghoshal — in Insider Credit: Movidius 375 shares Intel has acquired computer vision firm Movidius, which partnered with Google to develop 3D space mapping technology for Project Tango devices. The terms of the deal were not disclosed. With its latest purchase, Intel is set to build on its RealSense technology, which allows for measuring depth in physical spaces and is used in drones to help them avoid obstacles, as well as in webcams for applications like motion capture and 3D object scanning. Movidius, which has bases in California, Romania and Ireland, has also seen its tech integrated into Project Tango devices like the Lenovo Phab2 Pro, which uses special cameras to map spaces like the interiors of malls and to enable augmented reality functions such as visualizing furniture in your home before buying it. The company noted that, following its acquisition, it will continue to focus on its mission to “give the power of sight to machines,” and execute at scale with Intel’s backing. Intel’s senior vice president of New Technologies Group, Josh Walden, said in a blog post that the purchase of Movidius will bring his company access to “low-power, high-performance SoC platforms for accelerating computer vision applications.” He added: Additionally, this acquisition brings algorithms tuned for deep learning, depth processing, navigation and mapping, and natural interactions, as well as broad expertise in embedded computer vision and machine intelligence. Movidius’ technology optimizes, enhances and brings RealSense capabilities to fruition. Movidius + Intel = Vision for the Future of Autonomous Devices on Movidius Read next: Google might launch a 7-inch Pixel tablet this year GoogleIntelMoney Share on Facebook (37) Share on Twitter (288) Abhimanyu Ghoshal is a reporter from Bangalore, IN. Happy to hear your thoughts on abhimanyu@thenextweb.com or @aghoshal on Twitter. Abhimanyu is an avid gamer, street food gourmet and design connoisseur. Hit him up on Twitter, his site, or via mail: abhimanyu@thenextweb.com. Contact Mail Tweet Location Bangalore, IN Posts 2172 Posts / mo. 41.34   All posts by Abhimanyu > The latest articles around Google Google Play is adding support for introductory discounts on Android app subscriptions Abhimanyu Ghoshal See what the fuss is about: Enter to win a brand-new Google Pixel XL smartphone TNW Deals Google's Daydream View VR headset-controller combo hits stores next week Abhimanyu Ghoshal Shh. Here's some distraction Is Mark Zuckerberg onto something? TNW 5 ways to deal with expenses and reimbursements TNW with Expenditure Watch this water jet cut through a camera, an iPhone and a tarantula Juan Buis Experience Zelda in a real-life escape room Abhimanyu Ghoshal I can't stop watching this bird speak perfect Japanese Juan Buis Never lose your Discover Weekly playlist again with this IFTTT Applet Matthew Hughes Comments Recommended 3 quick SEO fixes for every website SEO PowerSuite Most popular 1 Twitter rolls out Snapchat-like QR codes for some users Bryan Clark 2 Coca-Cola 'selfie bottle' lets you snap pics as you sip your health away Mix 3 Domino's begins delivering pizza by drone in New Zealand Abhimanyu Ghoshal 4 Amazon Prime Video is going global next month to take on Netflix Abhimanyu Ghoshal 5 Apple reportedly considering building iPhones in the US instead of China Napier Lopez Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Who's Hiring Add your company ABN AMRO Reinventing the world of banking Philips Embrace the unexpected Facebook Build and make an impact Uber Work that moves you Amazon We are a company of pioneers Latest Nest Cam now lets you see who's at the door through your Android TV Josh Levenson This amazing wallet-sized smartphone tripod will arrive just in time for the holidays TNW Deals One day only: Store up to 1TB of data into the cloud forever for the bargain-basement price of $29 TNW Deals 3 quick SEO fixes for every website SEO PowerSuite Watch Conan O'Brien deep dive into virtual reality at the YouTube VR Lab Mix This addictive web experiment knows exactly what you're doing Juan Buis This revolutionary pill expands to stay in your stomach for multiple days Juan Buis I just applied for a job at Donald Trump's administration and you can too Mix Firefox Focus for iOS makes private browsing a breeze Abhimanyu Ghoshal Three Mobile breached, millions of UK customers' data at risk Abhimanyu Ghoshal Facebook now lets users trigger Safety Checks Abhimanyu Ghoshal White supremacists plan to flood Twitter with 'fake black people' Bryan Clark Apple finally acknowledges iPhone 'Touch Disease' problem by denying responsibility Bryan Clark This iPad-like 'Apple Mirror' is all I want for Christmas Bryan Clark Dog Parker is a high-tech parking spot... for your dog Bryan Clark Guy Kawasaki Ideas are easy. Implementation is hard. Share Upcoming Events CES Jan 5, 2017 SXSW Mar 10, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact © 2006–2016 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.65M followers 763K likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous.
