For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Bristol-Myers Lung-Cancer Drug Disappoints in Trial Analysis Naomi Kresge naomikresge Allison Connolly aconnollynews October 9, 2016 — 1:22 PM EDT Updated on October 9, 2016 — 2:39 PM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Drugmaker says trial design may have influenced negative data Bristol-Myers results contrast with Merck’s in similar group Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.’s immune-based therapy Opdivo fell short of already low expectations in study results that throw into question whether the drug can help lung-cancer patients who’ve just been diagnosed. Opdivo wasn’t superior to chemotherapy even in patients with high levels of a protein called PD-L1, which has been thought to be a predictor of how well the immune-system drugs will work, Bristol-Myers said in results presented Sunday at the European Society for Medical Oncology meeting in Copenhagen. The data came from a detailed analysis of the Checkmate-26 study, whose main results were released in August, causing Bristol-Myers’ stock to slump. The results were in stark contrast to the performance of Merck & Co.’s Keytruda in a similar group of patients. Merck’s entire trial was designed around people with high PD-L1 levels, while Bristol-Myers tried to reach a wider range of patients. Bristol-Myers had already announced in August that Opdivo didn’t help the broader group. Sunday’s results showed the treatment didn’t aid the narrower group either. More Women The results were “below expectations,” wrote John Scotti, an analyst at Evercore ISI in New York. Imbalances in the trial, where more women and more people with high PD-L1 levels got chemotherapy, may have skewed the results, said Nick Botwood, the company’s development lead for lung cancer. “The study was designed to ask a very specific question at the 5 percent expression,” Botwood said during a conference call after the data presentation. “It wasn’t designed to ask a question at 50 percent.” He was referring to a measure of how prominent the PD-L1 biomarkers are in a patient’s cancer -- with 50 percent being considered a high level. Sam Fazeli, an analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence, said Bristol-Myers shouldn’t be written off just yet. “No one believes that Opdivo is dead in first line,” Fazeli said in an e-mail. “It’s a drug that has worked in many settings. It’s just that the trial had so many aspects that apparently worked against it.” Merck and Bristol-Myers have been battling for dominance in the new field of immune-oncology, in which medicines are designed to boost the body’s own defenses against cancer. Both drugmakers’ medicines are already approved for people whose lung cancer got worse after initial treatment. The trials presented Sunday would form the basis for approval or rejection as an initial treatment in lung cancer, a much bigger group of potential patients, and could be good news for Merck. “With the right tactical moves, Merck can turn Keytruda into the broadest offering in lung cancer,” said Tim Anderson, an analyst with Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Bristol-Myers Squibb Co Cancer Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
null
null
Sonntag, 13.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»PFIZER AKTIE»Pfizer Presents Promising New Immunotherapy Combination Data With INLYTA (axitinib) In Advanced Renal Cell Carcinoma (RCC) PFIZER INC 30,11  Euro -0,811 -2,62 % WKN: 852009  ISIN: US7170811035 Ticker-Symbol: PFE  Frankfurt | 11.11.16 | 19:11 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BranchePharma AktienmarktS&P 100 S&P 500 DJ Industrial 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 29,868 30,219 12.11. 29,991 30,089 11.11. 09.10.2016 | 16:30 (12 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Pfizer Presents Promising New Immunotherapy Combination Data With INLYTA (axitinib) In Advanced Renal Cell Carcinoma (RCC) Data From a Trial of INLYTA With Pembrolizumab Provides Additional Support for Novel Immunotherapy Combinations in RCC Preliminary Results from an Ongoing Trial of INLYTA with Avelumab in RCC Were Also Presented Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) today announced data from an ongoing, investigational Phase 1b study of INLYTA (axitinib) combined with the checkpoint inhibitor pembrolizumab (A4061079, NCT02133742), a PD-1 inhibitor known as KEYTRUDA and marketed by Merck, known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, in treatment-naïve patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC). The study was designed to establish dosing and evaluate the safety and anti-tumor activity of INLYTA when combined with pembrolizumab in first-line treatment of advanced RCC. Preliminary results from a similar, separate study combining INLYTA with avelumab (JAVELIN Renal 100, NCT02493751), an investigational, fully human anti-PD-L1 IgG1 monoclonal antibody that is being co-developed by Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer were also presented. The data suggest evidence of anti-tumor activity for INLYTA in combination with avelumab and were presented during a poster discussion session at the ESMO 2016 Congress, the annual meeting of the European Society for Medical Oncology being held in Copenhagen, Denmark. Based on these Phase 1 results, two independent global Phase 3 trials evaluating these combinations INLYTA plus pembrolizumab and INLYTA plus avelumab each compared with SUTENT (sunitinib) in first-line advanced RCC are now enrolling patients. "Combining immunotherapy agents with currently approved therapies such as INLYTA may provide a meaningful improvement in outcome for patients with renal cancer," said Chris Boshoff, M.D., Ph.D., head of immuno-oncology, early development and translational oncology, Pfizer Global Product Development. "The results presented today indicate that there is a potential additive or synergistic effect between INLYTA and a checkpoint inhibitor in RCC." Early indicators from the A4061079 study point to strong response rates with the INLYTA/pembrolizumab combination, with 37 patients (71.2%, confidence internal 56.9, 82.9) achieving objective responses (three complete responses and 34 partial responses); 10 patients had stable disease and 5 patients had disease progression. Separately, in the JAVELIN Renal 100 study of INLYTA in combination with avelumab, five out of six patients treated so far had confirmed partial responses (objective response rate 83.3%, 95% confidence interval: 35.9, 99.6) and one patient with tumor shrinkage not meeting partial response criteria had stable disease. INLYTA is an oral vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptor inhibitor for the treatment of patients with advanced RCC after failure of one prior systemic therapy approved in 63 countries. It was the first treatment to demonstrate superior progression-free survival benefit in a Phase 3 study versus sorafenib, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, in second-line treatment of advanced RCC. About Avelumab Avelumab (also known as MSB0010718C) is an investigational fully human anti-PD-L1 IgG1 monoclonal antibody. By inhibiting PD-L1 interactions, avelumab is thought to enable the activation of T-cells and the adaptive immune system. By retaining a native Fc-region, avelumab is thought to potentially engage the innate immune system and induce antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC). In November 2014, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer announced a strategic alliance to co-develop and co-commercialize avelumab. About INLYTA® (axitinib) INLYTA is an oral therapy that is designed to inhibit tyrosine kinases, including vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptors 1, 2 and 3; these receptors can influence tumor growth, vascular angiogenesis and progression of cancer (the spread of tumors). In the U.S., INLYTA is approved for the treatment of advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC) after failure of one prior systemic therapy. INLYTA is also approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for use in the EU in adult patients with advanced RCC after failure of prior treatment with sunitinib or a cytokine. INLYTA Important Safety Information Hypertension including hypertensive crisis has been observed. Blood pressure should be well controlled prior to initiating INLYTA. Monitor for hypertension and treat as needed. For persistent hypertension, despite use of antihypertensive medications, reduce the dose. Discontinue INLYTA if hypertension is severe and persistent despite use of antihypertensive therapy and dose reduction of INLYTA, and discontinuation should be considered if there is evidence of hypertensive crisis. Arterial and venous thrombotic events have been observed and can be fatal. Use with caution in patients who are at increased risk or who have a history of these events. Hemorrhagic events, including fatal events, have been reported. INLYTA has not been studied in patients with evidence of untreated brain metastasis or recent active gastrointestinal bleeding and should not be used in those patients. If any bleeding requires medical intervention, temporarily interrupt the INLYTA dose. Cardiac failure has been observed and can be fatal. Monitor for signs or symptoms of cardiac failure throughout treatment with INLYTA. Management of cardiac failure may require permanent discontinuation of INLYTA. Gastrointestinal perforation and fistula, including death, have occurred. Use with caution in patients at risk for gastrointestinal perforation or fistula. Monitor for symptoms of gastrointestinal perforation or fistula periodically throughout treatment. Hypothyroidism requiring thyroid hormone replacement has been reported. Monitor thyroid function before initiation of, and periodically throughout, treatment. No formal studies of the effect of INLYTA on wound healing have been conducted. Stop INLYTA at least 24 hours prior to scheduled surgery. Reversible Posterior Leukoencephalopathy Syndrome (RPLS) has been observed. If signs or symptoms occur, permanently discontinue treatment. Monitor for proteinuria before initiation of, and periodically throughout, treatment. For moderate to severe proteinuria, reduce the dose or temporarily interrupt treatment. Liver enzyme elevation has been observed during treatment with INLYTA. Monitor ALT, AST, and bilirubin before initiation of, and periodically throughout, treatment. For patients with moderate hepatic impairment, the starting dose should be decreased. INLYTA has not been studied in patients with severe hepatic impairment. Women of childbearing potential should be advised of potential hazard to the fetus and to avoid becoming pregnant while receiving INLYTA. Avoid strong CYP3A4/5 inhibitors. If unavoidable, reduce the dose. Grapefruit or grapefruit juice may also increase INLYTA plasma concentrations and should be avoided. Avoid strong CYP3A4/5 inducers and, if possible, avoid moderate CYP3A4/5 inducers. The most common (=20%) adverse events (AEs) occurring in patients receiving INLYTA (all grades, vs sorafenib) were diarrhea (55% vs 53%), hypertension (40% vs 29%), fatigue (39% vs 32%), decreased appetite (34% vs 29%), nausea (32% vs 22%), dysphonia (31% vs 14%), hand-foot syndrome (27% vs 51%), weight decreased (25% vs 21%), vomiting (24% vs 17%), asthenia (21% vs 14%), and constipation (20% vs 20%). The most common (=10%) grade 3/4 AEs occurring in patients receiving INLYTA (vs sorafenib) were hypertension (16% vs 11%), diarrhea (11% vs 7%), and fatigue (11% vs 5%). The most common (=20%) lab abnormalities occurring in patients receiving INLYTA (all grades, vs sorafenib) included increased creatinine (55% vs 41%), decreased bicarbonate (44% vs 43%), hypocalcemia (39% vs 59%), decreased hemoglobin (35% vs 52%), decreased lymphocytes (absolute) (33% vs 36%), increased ALP (30% vs 34%), hyperglycemia (28% vs 23%), increased lipase (27% vs 46%), increased amylase (25% vs 33%), increased ALT (22% vs 22%), and increased AST (20% vs 25%). For more information and full Prescribing Information, visit www.pfizer.com. About Pfizer Oncology Pfizer Oncology is committed to pursuing innovative treatments that have a meaningful impact on those living with cancer. As a leader in oncology speeding cures and accessible breakthrough medicines to patients, Pfizer Oncology is helping to redefine life with cancer. Our strong pipeline of biologics, small molecules and immunotherapies, one of the most robust in the industry, is studied with precise focus on identifying and translating the best scientific breakthroughs into clinical application for patients across a wide range of cancers. By working collaboratively with academic institutions, individual researchers, cooperative research groups, governments and licensing partners, Pfizer Oncology strives to cure or control cancer with its breakthrough medicines. Pfizer Oncology knows that success in oncology is not measured solely by the medicines you manufacture, but rather by the meaningful partnerships you make to have a more positive impact on people's lives. Learn more about how Pfizer Oncology is applying innovative approaches to improve the outlook for people living with cancer at http://www.pfizer.com/research/therapeutic_areas/oncology. Pfizer Inc.: Working together for a healthier worldTM At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of healthcare products. Our global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines as well as many of the world's best-known consumer healthcare products. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world's premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 150 years, Pfizer has worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. For more information, please visit us at www.pfizer.com. In addition, to learn more, follow us on Twitter at @Pfizer and @Pfizer_News, LinkedIn, YouTube, and like us on Facebook at Facebook.com/Pfizer. DISCLOSURE NOTICE: The information contained in this release is as of October 9, 2016. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. This release contains forward-looking information about INLYTA (axitinib), including a potential indication for INLYTA in combination with pembrolizumab (A4061079, NCT02133742) for the treatment of advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC) and a potential indication for INLYTA in combination with avelumab (MSB0010718C) for the treatment of advanced RCC, including their potential benefits, that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical study commencement and completion dates as well as the possibility of unfavorable study results, including unfavorable new clinical data and additional analyses of existing clinical data; risks associated with preliminary data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether; whether and when drug applications may be filed in any jurisdictions for any potential indications for the combination therapies; whether and when any such applications may be approved by regulatory authorities, which will depend on the assessment by such regulatory authorities of the benefit-risk profile suggested by the totality of the efficacy and safety information submitted; decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the combination therapies; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizer's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned "Risk Factors" and "Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results," as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at www.sec.gov and www.pfizer.com View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161009005032/en/ Contacts: Pfizer Inc. Media Sally Beatty (U.S.), 212-733-6566 Lisa O'Neill (Europe), +44 1737 331536 or Investor Contact: Ryan Crowe, 212-733-8160 © 2016 Business Wire Nachrichten zu PFIZER INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Sa Pfizer Inc. Stake Decreased by Guggenheim Capital LLC ► Artikel lesen Sa voestalpine und Pfizer vs. Honda Motor und Amazon - kommentierter KW 45 Peer Group Watch Global Innovation 1000 In der Wochensicht ist vorne: voestalpine 11,37% vor Pfizer 8,63%, Ford Motor Co. 8,29%, Roche GS 6,51%, Sanofi 6,49%, Novartis 6,31%, IBM 5,8%, Daimler 4,72%, Andritz 4,68%, Cisco 3,88%, Intel 2,98%... ► Artikel lesen Sa Dow beendet Trump-Woche auf Jahreshoch, Pfizer am Freitag schwach [pic1Der Dow Jones gewann am Freitag 0,21% auf 18847,66 Punkte. Year-to-date liegt der Dow Jones nun 8,16% im Plus. Es gab bisher 114 Gewinntage und 105 Verlusttage. Auf das Jahreshoch fehlen 0%, vom... ► Artikel lesen Sa Pfizer May Sell, Spin Off Consumer Health Op (PFE) ► Artikel lesen Fr UPDATE 1-Pfizer offers cut-price pneumonia shot for humanitarian crises ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart PFIZER INC Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % PFIZER INC 30,11 -2,62 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage

Fan werden Mobil DAX: 10.668 +0,4% ESt50: 3.030 -0,5% TDax: 1.695 -1,2% Dow: 18.848 +0,2% Nas: 5.237 +0,5% Nikkei: 17.375 +0,2% Euro: 1,0860 -0,3% Öl: 44,70 -2,8% Gold: 1.228 -1,6% finanzen.net Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Trading-Desk Favoriten Depot eröffnen Shop News Analysen Videos Experten-Kolumnen Themen Lexikon Private Finanzen Ressorts Aktien Anleihen CFD Devisen ETFs Fonds Private Finanzen Rohstoffe Zertifikate Zinsen Rubriken ad-hoc-Meldungen Aktie im Fokus Anlegen und Sparen Ausland Chartanalyse Dividenden Emittenten News Euro am Sonntag Euro Experten-Kolumnen Hedgefonds Immobilien Interviews KAG-News Konjunktur/Wirtschaft Leitzins Marktberichte Nebenwerte Neuemissionen Pressemitteilungen Standardwerte Versicherungen Quellen Business-Insider Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires dpa-AFX EQS Group GlobeNewswire MyDividends Newsaktuell Reuters finanzen.net Indizes DAX 30 TecDAX MDAX Nikkei 225 SMI ATX Dow Jones 30 S&P 500 NASDAQ 100 Länder Australien Belgien Deutschland Europa Finnland Frankreich Griechenland Großbritannien Hong Kong Irland Italien Japan Kanada Mexiko Niederlande Norwegen Österreich Portugal Schweden Schweiz Singapur Spanien USA Researchtool Börsenchronik Heute im Fokus Konjunkturdaten Home Aktien Pfizer Aktie News zu Pfizer Pfizer Presents Promising New Immunotherapy Combination Data With INLYTA® (axitinib) In Advanced Renal Cell Carcinoma (RCC) 09.10.2016 16:30 Bewerten  (0) Kommentare Pfizer Presents Promising New Immunotherapy Combination Data With INLYTA® (axitinib) In Advanced Renal Cell Carcinoma (RCC) FACEBOOKEMAILDRUCKEN Kommentare Kommentar schreiben Aktien in diesem Artikel Pfizer Inc.30,11 EUR -2,62% Charts News Analysen Kaufen Verkaufen Top Themen Heute 2017 könnte das beste Apple-Jahr aller Zeiten werdenBausparkassen: Wie aus Freunden Feinde wurdenReform der Pflegestufen: Wer profitiert Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) today announced data from an ongoing, investigational Phase 1b study of INLYTA® (axitinib) combined with the checkpoint inhibitor pembrolizumab (A4061079, NCT02133742), a PD-1 inhibitor known as KEYTRUDA® and marketed by Merck, known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, in treatment-naïve patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC). The study was designed to establish dosing and evaluate the safety and anti-tumor activity of INLYTA when combined with pembrolizumab in first-line treatment of advanced RCC. Preliminary results from a similar, separate study combining INLYTA with avelumab (JAVELIN Renal 100, NCT02493751), an investigational, fully human anti-PD-L1 IgG1 monoclonal antibody that is being co-developed by Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer were also presented. The data suggest evidence of anti-tumor activity for INLYTA in combination with avelumab and were presented during a poster discussion session at the ESMO 2016 Congress, the annual meeting of the European Society for Medical Oncology being held in Copenhagen, Denmark. Based on these Phase 1 results, two independent global Phase 3 trials evaluating these combinations - INLYTA plus pembrolizumab and INLYTA plus avelumab  each compared with SUTENT® (sunitinib) in first-line advanced RCC are now enrolling patients. "Combining immunotherapy agents with currently approved therapies such as INLYTA may provide a meaningful improvement in outcome for patients with renal cancer, said Chris Boshoff, M.D., Ph.D., head of immuno-oncology, early development and translational oncology, Pfizer Global Product Development. "The results presented today indicate that there is a potential additive or synergistic effect between INLYTA and a checkpoint inhibitor in RCC. Early indicators from the A4061079 study point to strong response rates with the INLYTA/pembrolizumab combination, with 37 patients (71.2%, confidence internal 56.9, 82.9) achieving objective responses (three complete responses and 34 partial responses); 10 patients had stable disease and 5 patients had disease progression. Separately, in the JAVELIN Renal 100 study of INLYTA in combination with avelumab, five out of six patients treated so far had confirmed partial responses (objective response rate 83.3%, 95% confidence interval: 35.9, 99.6) and one patient with tumor shrinkage not meeting partial response criteria had stable disease. INLYTA is an oral vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptor inhibitor for the treatment of patients with advanced RCC after failure of one prior systemic therapy approved in 63 countries. It was the first treatment to demonstrate superior progression-free survival benefit in a Phase 3 study versus sorafenib, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, in second-line treatment of advanced RCC. About Avelumab Avelumab (also known as MSB0010718C) is an investigational fully human anti-PD-L1 IgG1 monoclonal antibody. By inhibiting PD-L1 interactions, avelumab is thought to enable the activation of T-cells and the adaptive immune system. By retaining a native Fc-region, avelumab is thought to potentially engage the innate immune system and induce antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC). In November 2014, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer announced a strategic alliance to co-develop and co-commercialize avelumab. About INLYTA® (axitinib) INLYTA is an oral therapy that is designed to inhibit tyrosine kinases, including vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptors 1, 2 and 3; these receptors can influence tumor growth, vascular angiogenesis and progression of cancer (the spread of tumors). In the U.S., INLYTA is approved for the treatment of advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC) after failure of one prior systemic therapy. INLYTA is also approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for use in the EU in adult patients with advanced RCC after failure of prior treatment with sunitinib or a cytokine. INLYTA Important Safety Information Hypertension including hypertensive crisis has been observed. Blood pressure should be well controlled prior to initiating INLYTA. Monitor for hypertension and treat as needed. For persistent hypertension, despite use of antihypertensive medications, reduce the dose. Discontinue INLYTA if hypertension is severe and persistent despite use of antihypertensive therapy and dose reduction of INLYTA, and discontinuation should be considered if there is evidence of hypertensive crisis. Arterial and venous thrombotic events have been observed and can be fatal. Use with caution in patients who are at increased risk or who have a history of these events. Hemorrhagic events, including fatal events, have been reported. INLYTA has not been studied in patients with evidence of untreated brain metastasis or recent active gastrointestinal bleeding and should not be used in those patients. If any bleeding requires medical intervention, temporarily interrupt the INLYTA dose. Cardiac failure has been observed and can be fatal. Monitor for signs or symptoms of cardiac failure throughout treatment with INLYTA. Management of cardiac failure may require permanent discontinuation of INLYTA. Gastrointestinal perforation and fistula, including death, have occurred. Use with caution in patients at risk for gastrointestinal perforation or fistula. Monitor for symptoms of gastrointestinal perforation or fistula periodically throughout treatment. Hypothyroidism requiring thyroid hormone replacement has been reported. Monitor thyroid function before initiation of, and periodically throughout, treatment. No formal studies of the effect of INLYTA on wound healing have been conducted. Stop INLYTA at least 24 hours prior to scheduled surgery. Reversible Posterior Leukoencephalopathy Syndrome (RPLS) has been observed. If signs or symptoms occur, permanently discontinue treatment. Monitor for proteinuria before initiation of, and periodically throughout, treatment. For moderate to severe proteinuria, reduce the dose or temporarily interrupt treatment. Liver enzyme elevation has been observed during treatment with INLYTA. Monitor ALT, AST, and bilirubin before initiation of, and periodically throughout, treatment. For patients with moderate hepatic impairment, the starting dose should be decreased. INLYTA has not been studied in patients with severe hepatic impairment. Women of childbearing potential should be advised of potential hazard to the fetus and to avoid becoming pregnant while receiving INLYTA. Avoid strong CYP3A4/5 inhibitors. If unavoidable, reduce the dose. Grapefruit or grapefruit juice may also increase INLYTA plasma concentrations and should be avoided. Avoid strong CYP3A4/5 inducers and, if possible, avoid moderate CYP3A4/5 inducers. The most common (=20%) adverse events (AEs) occurring in patients receiving INLYTA (all grades, vs sorafenib) were diarrhea (55% vs 53%), hypertension (40% vs 29%), fatigue (39% vs 32%), decreased appetite (34% vs 29%), nausea (32% vs 22%), dysphonia (31% vs 14%), hand-foot syndrome (27% vs 51%), weight decreased (25% vs 21%), vomiting (24% vs 17%), asthenia (21% vs 14%), and constipation (20% vs 20%). The most common (=10%) grade 3/4 AEs occurring in patients receiving INLYTA (vs sorafenib) were hypertension (16% vs 11%), diarrhea (11% vs 7%), and fatigue (11% vs 5%). The most common (=20%) lab abnormalities occurring in patients receiving INLYTA (all grades, vs sorafenib) included increased creatinine (55% vs 41%), decreased bicarbonate (44% vs 43%), hypocalcemia (39% vs 59%), decreased hemoglobin (35% vs 52%), decreased lymphocytes (absolute) (33% vs 36%), increased ALP (30% vs 34%), hyperglycemia (28% vs 23%), increased lipase (27% vs 46%), increased amylase (25% vs 33%), increased ALT (22% vs 22%), and increased AST (20% vs 25%). For more information and full Prescribing Information, visit www.pfizer.com. About Pfizer Oncology Pfizer Oncology is committed to pursuing innovative treatments that have a meaningful impact on those living with cancer. As a leader in oncology speeding cures and accessible breakthrough medicines to patients, Pfizer Oncology is helping to redefine life with cancer. Our strong pipeline of biologics, small molecules and immunotherapies, one of the most robust in the industry, is studied with precise focus on identifying and translating the best scientific breakthroughs into clinical application for patients across a wide range of cancers. By working collaboratively with academic institutions, individual researchers, cooperative research groups, governments and licensing partners, Pfizer Oncology strives to cure or control cancer with its breakthrough medicines. Pfizer Oncology knows that success in oncology is not measured solely by the medicines you manufacture, but rather by the meaningful partnerships you make to have a more positive impact on peoples lives. Learn more about how Pfizer Oncology is applying innovative approaches to improve the outlook for people living with cancer at http://www.pfizer.com/research/therapeutic_areas/oncology. Pfizer Inc.: Working together for a healthier worldTM At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of healthcare products. Our global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines as well as many of the world's best-known consumer healthcare products. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world's premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 150 years, Pfizer has worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. For more information, please visit us at www.pfizer.com. In addition, to learn more, follow us on Twitter at @Pfizer and @Pfizer_News, LinkedIn, YouTube, and like us on Facebook at Facebook.com/Pfizer. DISCLOSURE NOTICE: The information contained in this release is as of October 9, 2016. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. This release contains forward-looking information about INLYTA (axitinib), including a potential indication for INLYTA in combination with pembrolizumab (A4061079, NCT02133742) for the treatment of advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC) and a potential indication for INLYTA in combination with avelumab (MSB0010718C) for the treatment of advanced RCC, including their potential benefits, that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical study commencement and completion dates as well as the possibility of unfavorable study results, including unfavorable new clinical data and additional analyses of existing clinical data; risks associated with preliminary data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether; whether and when drug applications may be filed in any jurisdictions for any potential indications for the combination therapies; whether and when any such applications may be approved by regulatory authorities, which will depend on the assessment by such regulatory authorities of the benefit-risk profile suggested by the totality of the efficacy and safety information submitted; decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the combination therapies; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizers Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned "Risk Factors and "Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results, as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at www.sec.gov and www.pfizer.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161009005032/en/ FACEBOOK Kommentare lesen Nachrichten zu Pfizer Inc. Relevant Alle vom Unternehmen Peer Group ? Sprache: Alle DE EN Sortieren: Datum meistgelesen 10.11.16 December 30th Options Now Available For Pfizer (PFE) (EN, Forbes) 10.11.16 Why Allergan, Horizon Pharma plc, and Pfizer All Spiked Wednesday (EN, MotleyFool) 10.11.16 Zulassung: Pfizer darf Brustkrebs-Arznei in der EU vertreiben (dpa-afx) 10.11.16 Insider-Berichte zu US-Pharmakonzern - Pfizer erwägt Trennung von Medizinprodukte-Geschäft (N24) 10.11.16 Exclusive: Pfizer weighs sale or spin-off of consumer health unit - sources (Reuters Business) 09.11.16 Better Buy: Gilead Sciences Inc. vs. Pfizer Inc. (EN, MotleyFool) 09.11.16 Better Buy: Gilead Sciences Inc. vs. Pfizer Inc. (FOX Business) 09.11.16 Pfizer: 3 Reasons Donald Trump?s Victory is Great News (EN, Barrons) Um Ihnen die Übersicht über die große Anzahl an Nachrichten, die jeden Tag für ein Unternehmen erscheinen, etwas zu erleichtern, haben wir den Nachrichtenfeed in folgende Kategorien aufgeteilt: Relevant: Nachrichten von ausgesuchten Quellen, die sich im Speziellen mit diesem Unternehmen befassen Alle: Alle Nachrichten, die dieses Unternehmen betreffen. Z.B. auch Marktberichte die außerdem auch andere Unternehmen betreffen vom Unternehmen: Nachrichten und Adhoc-Meldungen, die vom Unternehmen selbst veröffentlicht werden Peer Group: Nachrichten von Unternehmen, die zur Peer Group gehören mehr Pfizer NewsRSS Feed Pfizer zu myNews hinzufügen (was ist das?) Analysen zu Pfizer Inc. Alle Buy Hold Sell ? 11.11.2016 Pfizer Hold Jefferies & Company Inc. 04.11.2016 Pfizer Market Perform BMO Capital Markets 03.11.2016 Pfizer overweight Atlantic Equities 02.11.2016 Pfizer Hold Argus Research Company 01.11.2016 Pfizer Outperform Bernstein Research 04.11.2016 Pfizer Market Perform BMO Capital Markets 03.11.2016 Pfizer overweight Atlantic Equities 01.11.2016 Pfizer Outperform Bernstein Research 19.10.2016 Pfizer Outperform Bernstein Research 25.08.2016 Pfizer buy Jefferies & Company Inc. 11.11.2016 Pfizer Hold Jefferies & Company Inc. 02.11.2016 Pfizer Hold Argus Research Company 01.11.2016 Pfizer Hold Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (Berenberg Bank) 13.10.2016 Pfizer Hold Jefferies & Company Inc. 12.05.2016 Pfizer Hold Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (Berenberg Bank) 27.11.2012 Pfizer verkaufen Hamburger Sparkasse AG (Haspa) 28.08.2012 Pfizer verkaufen Hamburger Sparkasse AG (Haspa) 10.01.2012 Pfizer verkaufen Hamburger Sparkasse AG (Haspa) 07.05.2010 King Pharmaceuticals neues Kursziel Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 26.04.2010 King Pharmaceuticals "sell" Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Um die Übersicht zu verbessern, haben Sie die Möglichkeit, die Analysen für Pfizer Inc. nach folgenden Kriterien zu filtern. Alle: Alle Empfehlungen Buy: Kaufempfehlungen wie z.B. "kaufen" oder "buy" Hold: Halten-Empfehlungen wie z.B. "halten" oder "neutral" Sell: Verkaufsempfehlungn wie z.B. "verkaufen" oder "reduce"mehr Analysen Newssuche GO Videos zu Pfizer Die Narren sind los - Börse bleibt ruhig Wochenrückblick: Trumps Erfolg schockiert die Welt - nur die Amerikaner nicht! US-Markt: Diese Themen beschäftigen den Markt heutealle Videos Meistgelesene Pfizer News 01.11.16 Pfizer senkt Ergebnisausblick für 2016 01.11.16 ROUNDUP: Pfizer senkt Ergebnisausblick für 2016 - Umsatzprognose erhöht 10.11.16 Zulassung: Pfizer darf Brustkrebs-Arznei in der EU vertreiben 03.11.16 Novartis Takes Aim at Pfizer 20.10.16 Better Buy: Pfizer Inc. vs. GlaxoSmithKline plc 26.10.16 Better Buy: Eli Lilly and Co vs. Pfizer 17.10.16 Pfizer and Bristol-Myers Squibb Could Face a Big Threat from Small Biotech Exelixis 02.11.16 Pfizer: Don't Buy the Dip 04.11.16 Ex-Dividend Reminder: Pfizer. ResMed and EverBank Financial 09.11.16 Better Buy: Gilead Sciences Inc. vs. Pfizer Inc.Weitere Pfizer News Inside Anzeige BNP Paribas: BNP Paribas lädt Sie zur World of Trading 2016 ein DekaBank: US-Dollar: Richtungssuche nach Trump-Schock Chart Flash zum DAX vom 11.11.2016 UBS: Volkswagen AG Vorzüge: Trendbruch möglich HSBC: Allianz glänzt - bald auch mit hohen Dividenden? Vontobel: Neue Zeichnungsprodukte: Protect Multi Aktienanleihen Commerzbank: Dax überrascht  Wie geht es weiter? DZ BANK: DAX: Abprallen am charttechnischen Widerstandsbereich Anzeige Zalando - Wie der Online-Händler seine Gewinn­margen kräftig steigern will!Der Einkauf von Waren im Internet gehört zu den Megatrends des 21. Jahrhunderts. Laut einer Erhebung des Digitalverbands Bitkom shoppen 98% aller Internet-Nutzer inzwischen online, wobei mehr als drei Viertel mehrmals im Monat Produkte über das Internet ordern. Lesen Sie in der aktuellen Ausgabe des Anlegermagazins, warum Zalando zu den Profiteuren dieses Megatrends gehört und wie es seine Gewinnmargen weiter steigern will. Anlegermagazin kostenlos erhalten Mehr zur Pfizer-Aktie Kurs + Chart Bilanz/GuV Times + Sales Schätzungen Börsenplätze Rating Orderbuch Vergleich Historisch Ausblick Chart-Analyse Dividende/HV Realtimekurs Termine Analysen Insidertrades Kursziele Profil Fundamentalanalyse Fonds Pfizer Peer Group News 11.11.16 The Biggest Loser: Alexion Pharmaceuticals Tumbles 10% 11.11.16 The Biggest Loser: Alexion Pharmaceuticals Tumbles 10% 11.11.16 Bayer. BASF. Evonik: Kontrastprogramm in der Chemie 11.11.16 Gilead Sciences: Wait. the Hepatitis-C Competition is Getting Worse?!?! 11.11.16 Gilead Sciences: Wait. the Hepatitis-C Competition is Getting Worse?!?! 11.11.16 AstraZeneca trial shows benefit of child asthma treatment 11.11.16 ANALYSE-FLASH: Oddo Seydler hebt Ziel für Evotec auf 6.10 Euro - 'Buy' 11.11.16 Why You Should (and Shouldn't) Buy Merck 11.11.16 Sanofi Receives CHMP Recommendation for Approval of SuliquaTM in the EU 11.11.16 Morphosys-Aktie gibt kräftig Gas: Analysten extrem zuversichtlich News von Regierung erklärt 10.000 türkische Pässe für ungültig China zahlt Traumpreise für deutsches Hightech Umstrittener Gigaliner überrascht im Praxistest Stuttgart ist Deutschlands Kulturhauptstadt News von Unterbewertet: Deutschlands günstigste Aktien - Welche Sie jetzt kaufen sollten Spielen die Emotionen den DAX-Bullen einen Streich? Endspurt 2016: Diese Aktien versprechen bis Jahresende die höchste Rendite Allianz-Aktie nach Zahlen im Aufwind - Was Anleger jetzt tun sollten Deutsche Bank-Aktie schafft Ausbruch: Wie weit das Papier noch laufen kann News von Die Sprache des Geldes? Mit diesen Begriffen wird man reich "Calexit": Das würde passieren, wenn Kalifornien wegen Trump die USA verlässt Es gibt nur eine Bedingung, unter der Obama Präsident bleiben kann So verdient Ronaldo sein Geld - und so gibt er es wieder aus Für 400 Dollar um die Welt fliegen - ein Mann hat es geschafft Heute im Fokus DAX geht mit Plus ins Wochenende -- US-Börsen schließen höher -- Allianz mit Gewinnsprung -- Fitch warnt vor Krise in Italien und Portugal -- innogy, Alibaba im Fokus Warren Buffett setzt trotz Trump-Sieg auf steigende Aktienkurse. Lücke im US-Wahlsystem: Wahlmänner könnten Trump Stimme verwehren. Wird ein Goldman Sachs-Banker US-Finanzminister? Snapchat-Kamerabrille wird aus dem Automaten verkauft. Toshiba mit starkem Gewinnzuwachs. NACHRICHTEN Aktien Alle 08:00 Uhr HVB-Mutter UniCredit stärkt Kapitaldecke 07:15 Uhr 2017 könnte das beste Apple-Jahr aller Zeiten werden 06:31 Uhr Warren Buffett setzt trotz Trump-Sieg auf steigende Aktienkurse 04:49 Uhr dpa-AFX KUNDEN-INFO: Finanzanalysen in den dpa-AFX Diensten 00:34 Uhr Verteidigungsministerin Leyen fordert mehr Verantwortung von Europa 12.11.16 BERLINER MORGENPOST: Ein letzter Versuch / Leitartikel von Jochim Stoltenberg 12.11.16 Kretschmann skeptisch gegenüber Steuerkompromiss und &quot;Putin-Verstehern&quot; 12.11.16 Pflichtblatt für Ihr Geld: Neue €uro am Sonntag TOP-RANKINGS Die 12 toten Topverdiener 2015 Diese Legenden sind die bestbezahlten Toten der WeltJetzt durchklicken KW 45: Analysten-Tops der WocheDiese Aktien stehen auf den Kauflisten der ExpertenJetzt durchklicken Gehaltsgefällt zwischen Chef und Angestellten: So viel mehr verdienen Spitzenmanager als ihre AngestelltenJetzt durchklicken Die 5 beliebtesten Top-Rankings Negativ-Ranking für AutobauerDie Eigenzulassungen 2015Jetzt durchklicken Die innovativsten Unternehmen 2015Diese Firmen sind innovativJetzt durchklicken Die Städte mit den längsten Staus 2015In diesen Städten stehen Sie am längsten im StauJetzt durchklicken Die besten Universitäten der Welt Das sind die besten UniversitätenJetzt durchklicken Brand Finance Global 2016Die wertvollsten Marken 2016Jetzt durchklickenmehr Top Rankings Umfrage Die Deutschen sind laut dem ARD-Deutschlandtrend immer weniger zufrieden mit der Arbeit der Bundesregierung. Wie zufrieden sind Sie mit der schwarz-roten Koalition? Sehr zufrieden Zufrieden Geht so Enttäuscht Absolut unzufrieden AbstimmenDirekt zu den Ergebnissen Quicklinks Aktienkurse Beliebteste Aktien Realtimekurse Alle Indizes Top 50 Tops/Flops Insiderdaten Quickcharts Dividenden Portfolio finanzen.net Apps Online Brokerage über finanzen.net Das Beste aus allen Welten: Die Informationswelt von finanzen.net und handeln zum Festpreis von 5 Euro. Das geht nur bei finanzen.net Brokerage.Jetzt informieren Kontakt Impressum Werben Presse Sitemap Arbeiten bei finanzen.net Datenschutz Disclaimer Nutzungsbedingungen Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? Problem mit dieser Seite? schlechtsehr gut Aktien Prime Standard:0-9 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z DAX MDAX Dow Jones EuroStoxx Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information. Verzögerung Deutsche Börse: 15 Min., Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min. © 1999-2016 finanzen.net GmbH News Kurslisten Analysen Devisen Dollarkurs Fonds Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs Anleihen Rohstoffe Themen Aktien kaufen Depot eröffnen Portfolio Aktien China Währungsrechner Gold kaufen CFD Aktienkurse Ölpreis Leitzins IPO Börsenkurse Lexikon Börse App finanznachrichten.de Traderfox
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Nikkei ▲ 17374.79 0.18%   Hang Seng ▲ 22531.09 -1.35%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.152%   Crude Oil ▲ 43.12 -3.45%   Yen ▲ 106.67 -0.14%   DJIA ▲ 18847.66 0.21%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In The Week Ahead Investors Seek United’s Plan to Close the Gap Toyota in $3.4 Billion Corrosion Deal For Australia’s Pearl Farmers, the Wild Is Their Oyster Auto Makers Plug Electric Despite Weak Demand SAIC Motor Set to Build and Sell Audis in China Facebook Stops Allowing Ads Targeting Ethnic Groups Industrial Firms Embrace 3-D Printing Swinging Singles’ Day: Alibaba Holiday Drives Sales J.C. Penney Reports Surprising Sales Decline Trump’s Nafta Plan Would Confront Globalized Auto Industry GrubHub CEO Clarifies Postelection Email Clarence M. Ditlow III, Auto Safety Leader, Dies at 72 Package Carriers Building Up for E-Commerce Delivery Timber Baron Merlo Changed Housing Construction With Plywood Substitute IBM Courts Coders with Watson Finland’s ‘Sauna’ Makes Emoji Cut Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Health Care Health Study May Boost Use of Merck Lung-Cancer Drug Finding could herald a big shift in treatment of the deadliest cancer By Peter Loftus Oct. 9, 2016 2:15 a.m. ET Patients with advanced lung cancer who took Merck & Co.’s immune-boosting drug Keytruda as their first treatment lived longer on average than those who received chemotherapy in a new study that could herald a big shift in treatment of the deadliest cancer. The finding could lead to wider use of Keytruda and help Merck gain ground on rival Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. in the multibillion-dollar market for new drugs that fight cancer... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Donald Trump's Priorities in First 100 Days Edward Snowden on Donald Trump’s Victory Anti-Trump Protests Continue for Fourth Day Carbon Copy Brexit: Trump Victory Mirrors Farage's EU Fight Trump’s Infrastructure Investment Plan Evokes Ayn Rand Most Popular Articles Interview: Trump Willing to Keep Parts of Health Law Obama Administration Gives Up on Pacific Trade Deal The Places That Made Donald Trump President Donald Trump Nearing Selection of Chief of Staff Full Repeal of Dodd-Frank Isn’t Main Focus of Trump Transition Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 'New day' in lung cancer as Merck drug shines, works with chemo By Reuters Published: 05:15 EST, 9 October 2016 | Updated: 05:15 EST, 9 October 2016 e-mail By Ben Hirschler COPENHAGEN, Oct 9 (Reuters) - Merck & Co scored a double hit on Sunday with new clinical data showing its Keytruda immunotherapy offered big benefits in previously untreated lung cancer patients, either when given on its own or with chemotherapy. As a monotherapy, Keytruda halved the risk of disease progression and cut overall deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy alone in pre-selected patients whose tumours had been tested using a biomarker. And when given with two older chemotherapy drugs in non-selected patients, it was almost twice as likely to shrink tumours as chemotherapy alone. Another similar drug from Roche also demonstrated broad efficacy as a so-called second-line option in patients who had received prior treatment. "Remember this day. It's a new day for lung cancer treatment," Stefan Zimmermann of Lausanne's University Hospital told reporters at the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) congress as the results were presented. An editorial in the New England Journal of Medicine, where the Merck monotherapy results were published, said Keytruda could become "a new standard of care". The various findings suggest that treating lung cancer - the biggest cancer killer globally - with powerful new immune system-boosting medicines is going to involve more permutations than some experts originally expected. Rival drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb had tried a catch-all approach with its Opdivo drug but it failed to help previously untreated patients when given on its own in a trial that included people with low levels of a protein called PD-L1. Keytruda, as a sole agent, was targeted only at patients with high PD-L1, making them more receptive to immunotherapy. Lead researcher Martin Reck of Germany's Lung Clinic Grosshansdorf predicted that testing for the PD-L1 biomarker would now become standard "from today". U.S. regulators are expected to decide whether to approve Keytruda for first-line non-small cell lung cancer, the most common type, by Dec. 24. Merck had already said in June that Keytruda worked in the trial but the scale of the benefit was only disclosed at ESMO. COMBINATION THERAPY The second trial, mixing Keytruda with chemotherapy, was much smaller but was notable because it was the first time that a combination of immunotherapy and chemotherapy has been shown to work in a randomised Phase II study. Many experts have been sceptical about this approach and investors' expectations, up until now, have been quite low. In the event, researchers reported that Merck's combination cut the risk of disease progression or death by 47 percent compared to chemotherapy alone after 10.6 months, while 55 percent of patients saw their tumours shrink versus 29 percent. Patients in this trial were not selected by PD-L1 expression but the study did find that those with higher PD-L1 had a higher response. Roger Perlmutter, Merck's head of research, said both trials suggested Keytruda could offer a broad array of patients meaningful improvement over standard platinum-based chemotherapy, which is now more than two decades old. Drugs like Keytruda and Opdivo work by taking the brakes off the immune system and allowing the body's natural killer cells to home in on tumours. They are expected to sell tens of billions of dollars in the years ahead, with lung cancer the largest market. Up until now, Bristol has dominated the field but investors have started to shift their bets, with forecasts for Opdivo declining while those for Keytruda have risen. The current consensus forecast among analysts is for Keytruda sales to reach $8 billion in 2021, with Opdivo selling $10.5 billion, according to Thomson Reuters data. Results of Bristol's failed Opdivo trial, which included patients with tumours testing only 5 percent or higher for PD-L1 against the 50 percent cut-off used by Merck, were also presented at ESMO. These showed progression-free survival was 4.2 months with Opdivo and 5.9 months with chemotherapy, although the difference was not statistically significant. Overall survival was 14.4 months with Opdivo versus 13.2 months. The failure of Opdivo to work for "all comers" in lung cancer was first announced in August, without any details. It was a major setback for Bristol, wiping out around a quarter of the company's market value, and it has caused investors to rethink prospects for immunotherapy treatments. Many now believe that combination therapy is the way ahead, with Bristol and AstraZeneca working primarily on using two immunotherapies together, while Roche and Merck look at adding chemotherapy. (Reporting by Ben Hirschler; Editing by Stephen Powell and Susan Fenton) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public From extreme freakshakes to crème brûlée and peanut butter cream pie: 14 of the most indulgent desserts EVER SPONSORED GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time The shower was for stylist Monica Rose A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on life-long fatherhood aspirations He called his newborn girl Dream Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London - despite claims he might introduce her to Queen Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  After his letter to press Coronation HEAT! Jane Danson and Tina O'Brien steal the spotlight in chic black dresses at the North West RTS Awards At North West awards Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Worth the wait Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Shared another sweet snap I'm A Celebrity's Sam Quek is fighting back against breast implants: Team GB hockey star says she will represent women 'with small boobs' on the show  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards  Brought some dazzle  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her enviable washboard abs in TINY white bikini as she jets off on exotic Mauritius break with boyfriend Hugo Taylor Cristiano Ronaldo takes centre stage as Portugal star poses in just his white pants for the mannequin challenge Super toned What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Showcased killer abs and fishing skills  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot The 41-year-old Don't Lie singer was in Malibu Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital in Los Angeles Ready for parenthood Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home 'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber A break from promoting Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose Shared his haul on social media Saturday night fever! Saara Aalto dazzles on X Factor disco week in 'dangerous' futuristic outfit, but Five After Midnight give her a run for her money 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Shared on Snapchat  Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves gym before posting butt shot on Instagram Looked super fit Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood with her mother on Friday night.  Now that's a recipe for success! The Great British Bake Off winner Candice Brown cuts a chic figure in elegant skater dress as she leads cookery presentation 'That will go down in Strictly history!': Judges are left speechless as Ed Balls performs his most daring routine to date with a salsa to Gangnam Style Tatt's new! Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly shows off latest inking which covers her entire thigh in raunchy underwear snap on Instagram Flower power EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  The bare cheek of it! Amanda Holden can't resist taking a sneak peak at a workman's exposed bum as she saunters through Portsmouth Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Just roll with it! Curlers-clad Chloe Khan flaunts her ample cleavage in a tight plunging dress for saucy selfie Sent her fans wild. Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The former O.C. star was unmissable in the statement piece  Megan McKenna vamps it up in ribbed LBD and racy thigh-high boots for salon launch after reuniting with beau Pete Wicks following sexting scandal Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event Tried new look alongside Billy Bob Thornton and Kathy Bates Photograph in Taylor Swift's sexual assault lawsuit against radio DJ is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image The accused is former radio DJ David Mueller  Nicola McLean dazzles in a stylish leopard print top as she cuddles up to her chihuahua at The Secret Life of Pets premiere At London DVD launch Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in LA She's sticking to a clean, organic diet Make-up free Louise Redknapp flashes a bright white smile as she parks her £90k Mercedes in a permit only bay on her way to Strictly rehearsals Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Katherine Heigl shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Announced back in June Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Making a name for herself in her own right Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Dishing about their work for the TV series 'I didn't think I could love him any more': Vicky Pattison reignites romance rumours with best friend Alex Cannon as she shares sweet snap  Kerry Katona shows off daughter Molly's hidden talents as she tweets Simon Cowell a clip of the talented teenager performing  Musical parents Martine McCutcheon looks effortlessly chic in a black faux fur coat as she cuddles up to husband Jack McManus and their pet pooch Happily loved-up EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Is Pink secretly pregnant? Singer sparks baby rumours as she emerges after months out of the spotlight looking radiant in flowing dress Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey He broke down on the side of the roadside Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York The  21-year-old was spotted all bundled up Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle She also starred in Man of La Mancha in 1972 Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned £11 MILLION in one year' through endorsemens Retirement deal Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars Stunning appearance 'Surely she has to go now!': Angry X Factor fans demand Honey G gets the boot after revealing she was addicted to Class A drugs Imogen Thomas slips her gorgeous figure into casually chic roll neck and leather leggings as she poses up a storm at Secret Life of Pets premiere 'It will be used a number of times throughout the series': Producers 'build secret sex cave' in push for jungle romance on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Busty Chloe Goodman showcases her womanly curves in lace-up swimsuit as she embarks on a raunchy beach photoshoot in Mykonos She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress Oh beehive! Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym Exercising her curvaceous figure 'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Kaia has already caught the modeling bug Robbie Williams blows kisses to devoted fans during radio interview in Milan... after scoring his TWELFTH number one Happy man 'They are very much an item': Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Incredibly elegant Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon The actress, 31, wed in 2014 Doctor Who's Pearl Mackie holds a concerned gaze while filming scenes for upcoming series in eerie woodland in Cardiff Taking tips from Myleene? Carol Vorderman, 55, flaunts her youthful figure and ample cleavage in a sexy white swimsuit ahead of I'm A Celebrity 'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Battle of the boobs! Isla Fisher and January Jones unleash the cleavage at Nocturnal Animals premiere in LA  Like Nocturnal Animals - they came out at night Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner in London after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' 'I did cocaine, pills and magic mushrooms': X Factor's Honey G admits she was addicted to Class A drugs after string of personal issues I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Accused of having an eating disorder last year Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Sartorial flair Perrie Edwards stuns in EXTREMELY ripped jeans as she arrives at Sydney Airport with Little Mix to promote their new album Glory Days 'I trust her with all of my heart': Lewis Bloor puts his faith in Marnie Simpson as she prepares to film Geordie Shore... while she predicts the series will be 'eventful' 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee Daisy Lowe displays her leggy model figure in super-short dress and grungy biker jacket as she makes her way to Strictly filming Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA No Bad Blood here! Taylor Swift 'is writing songs about exes Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston'... but will focus on their 'friendly' breakups Home And Away's Pia Miller flaunts her slim frame and flawless make-up free complexion in backless swimsuit for romantic trip with Tyson Mullane Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Understated style Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA 'Already starting to fall in love with Sydney': Bachelor's Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon strip down to black bikinis to soak up the sun at the beach White hot! Cobie Smulders flashes her long stems in monochrome ensemble at the Moves Power Women gala in NYC 'He can't do manly or strong': Ed Balls' Strictly dance partner Katya Jones reveals the politician has embraced his 'inner camp' Shine bright! Nicole Kidman glistens as she floats down the red carpet in angelic white for the LA premiere of Lion   Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip She's not shy Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles Natural beauty Chanelle Hayes parades her curves in a barely-there glitzy bikini as she puts on a VERY amorous display with boyfriend Ryan Oates in Ibiza Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  All dressed up Amber Rose keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she visits Blac Chyna again... and even brings son Sebastian along to meet new baby Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip Rolling in deep space! Adele gets private tour of NASA headquarters from astronaut who presented her Brit Award  Behind-the-scenes tour That's a wrap! Jorgie Porter channels winter chic in sweater dress, shearling coat and over-the-knee boots for dinner date with friends  Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil Looking CAPE-tivating! Rebecca Ferguson flaunts her toned legs in dazzling play-suit as she performs at concert in Sheffield  Tracks from new album Baring all! Imogen Anthony flaunts her pert derriere and under-bust as she poses for a provocative series of photos dressed in  little more than a sheer g-string Her favourite spot! Sofia Richie wears a sports luxe look to grab a bite at her go-to eatery  Catching up with a pal Hello petal! Jennifer Garner flashes her legs in floaty skirt as she lugs vase of pretty flowers into Venice cafe Blooming lovely Chic Pixie Geldof puts on a brave face at charity fundraiser as debut album flops, selling just 197 copies in first week of release She was in good spirits Flamin' hot! Charlotte Dawson sizzles in an electric blue gilet and knee-high boots as she unveils her newly dyed ginger locks  At  salon in Liverpool  'He showed me how women should be treated and respected': Shanina Shaik takes a dig at her ex Tyson Beckford while gushing about fiancé DJ Ruckus SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Dame Joan's THREE parties in one night shows her passion for life remains undimmed  At Sir David Tang's book launch SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: What HAS happened to Kate Winslet's wonky eyebrows?  One is more arched than the other Peek-a-boo! Ashley James flashes her toned tummy in cropped sweater and baseball jacket as she heads out to her radio show Casual Meg Ryan goes incognito in a cap, sunglasses and long coat for a London shopping trip  Blended into the crowd on  Oxford Street. Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dashing as he chats his new role in J.K. Rowling's Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Taking flight! Serena Williams takes comfort to new heights as she rocks green aviator onesie at LAX Making the most of the off-season Heading to cooler climates? Kanye West bundles up in layers as catches flight out of LAX West decided to bundle up in multiple layers  'He gave me a little back massage': Eddie Redmayne reveals Fantastic Beasts co-star Colin Farrell had to comfort him before 'intense' San Diego Comic-Con appearance Ready to Seal the deal: British singer 'hunts for Sydney home with girlfriend James Packer's ex wife Erica  ahead of The Voice Australia return 'Everything shuts down around you': Devastated Michael Bublé 'will not sing again' until his son Noah, 3, overcomes liver cancer treatment  'Kisses, hugs and sex galore!': Kim Zolciak celebrates fifth anniversary with husband Kroy Biermann  Romantic message  'Look at him, the chubby little chap': Strictly judge Len Goodman pokes fun at Ed Balls's weight on TV but admits fan favourite COULD win dance show Going strong! Megan McKenna and beau Pete Wicks look loved-up as they leave spa together after reuniting on TOWIE following sexting scandal TV Penelope's £500k pit stop: The stunning home that actress Penelope Keith created from scratch - before reluctantly moving on Loves Beckside House Oh dear Ed, Strictly really IS taking it out of you! Former shadow chancellor looks pale and puffy-eyed as he walks to the shops with his MP wife Just one glance at the first picture of Brad Pitt since his split from Angelina and you can see the pain etched on his gaunt face, writes AMANDA PLATELL I'm A Celebrity... get me down from here! Ola Jordan and Carol Vorderman are suspended over 32-storey building for the show's first terrifying challenge Heidi Klum hits the runway in style as she dons patterned knit sweater and scarf after touching down at LAX The 43-year-old German was looking chic  Not your average party animal! Bindi Irwin spends time tending to a rhino... as she snubs Maxim's Hot 100 Party in Sydney after making the top ten  'Time to turn words into action!': Katy Perry donates $10k to Planned Parenthood in face of Donald Trump's looming defund  Oscar-nominated Man From U.N.C.L.E.  and Hustle star Robert Vaughn dies aged 83 surrounded by his family after brief battle with cancer Her lips are STILL sealed! Former Miss Universe Jennifer Hawkins continues to keep quiet on President-elect Donald Trump... despite other beauty queens' complaints against him She's a low-key VIP! Jet-set Renee Zellweger lugs her own bags through airport  Proved she's one of the people as she forewent special treatment Val Kilmer gasps and struggles to speak while revealing he's cancelled upcoming tour after once again denying he has throat cancer  Throwback surprise! The View brings back original co-hosts Meredith Vieira, Debbie Matenopoulos and Star Jones for 20th anniversary I do! Adrienne Bailon marries gospel singer Israel Houghton in romantic wedding  Tied the knot with the gospel singer at a ceremony in Paris Olivia Wilde holds her baby girl close as she and fiancé Jason Sudeikis enjoy a leisurely walk in NYC Daisy Josephine was born one month ago The Survivors scrub up well! Winner Kristie joins JL, Phoebe, Brooke and Flick in glamorous style at the Maxim Hottest 100 party Newly single Jemma Lucy flaunts her new jet-black hairpiece in a cleavage baring Instagram snap... a week after dumping boyfriend Stephen Bear Russell Crowe quietly lists lavish apartment he bought for $14.35 million... as he and estranged wife Danielle Spencer get closer to a divorce settlement That's a bit cheeky! X Factor star Joey Hadjia, formerly Joelle, shares VERY close-up snap of her pert derrière in lengthy 'body transformation' post 'Never give up': Lindsey Vonn reveals she badly fractured arm from crash during training... and even shares x-ray of gruesome injury Batter up! Mark-Paul Gosselaar and co-star Kylie Bunbury pose completely NUDE in sexy new photos for baseball show Pitch Fictional photoshoot  Ham you believe it? Rosie Huntington-Whiteley oozes glamour in a plunging floral dress... before cuddling up to a pig in cute snap She's enjoying California Danniella Westbrook sues Celebrity Botched Up Bodies after 'contracting blood poisoning through the TV show's dental work' Winn-ing! Harlow flaunts her model credentials in sexy tiered lace dress and pointed stilettos for awards show in Mexico Such a hot commodity 'I missed ya': Negan surprises Rick Grimes by arriving in Alexandria with Daryl in sneak peek of new The Walking Dead episode He's got a baseball bat Beach babe! Bikini-clad Hilary Duff flashes her cleavage on a tropical getaway with her beau Jason Walsh Arrived at an undisclosed paradise 'They turned out wonderfully!' Proud father Sylvester Stallone says he gives wife Jennifer Flavin 'all the credit' in raising their three daughters Hello sunshine! Hailee Steinfeld stuns in yellow sheer number as she leads stars at Nickelodeon Halo Awards Kylie kopycat strikes again! Ariel Winter follows Jenner's style by wearing Kanye tour sweatshirt as she jets out of LAX  Had an early flight 'We were both naked and had just met!' Evan Rachel Wood spills on steamy Gucci Guilty shoot with Chris Evans She says it wasn't too uncomfortable  Hold that pose! The 'mannequin challenge' hits X Factor as super-still Nicole Scherzinger works a flexible side split... but Louis Walsh breaks the sequence Patrick Dempsey and wife Jill officially call off divorce after working hard to save 15-year relationship  They have the papers to confirm reconciliation  Who knew? Shia LaBeouf reveals his tattoos of rap legends and freestyles for nearly five minutes on radio show With host Sway Calloway 'I can't believe I'm crying!' Emotional Kris Jenner sobs as she reveals her 'biggest fear' is losing a loved one On latest KUWTK promo  'We are enjoying our honeymoon!' Jinger Duggar and Jeremy Vuolo share first video after heading off on tour of Australia and New Zealand The lap of luxury! Heather Dubrow debuts new web series offering a tour of her lavish walk-in wardrobe It's not for the faint-hearted 'I'm keen to do everything he did': Robert Irwin aims to follow in late father Steve's footsteps as he's nominated for a kid's Emmy Award 'I feel like I did after 9/11': Robert De Niro shares his anger following Trump's victory  Previously said Trump is 'a punk,' and 'a pig.' 'I've had three!' Million Dollar Listing's Josh Flagg confesses to multiple nose jobs as David Parnes reveals why he went under the knife again Sizzling hot! Swimsuit model Elyse Knowles flaunts her taut torso and trim pins in a skimpy white bikini as she bids farewell to Dallas We get it, you're a model! Bachelor reject Sam Johnston can't stop posing as he flirts with Olivia Phyland after admitting he'd like to get into TV presenting 'I found it!' Real Housewives Of Sydney's Lisa Oldfield celebrates finding her missing $70,000 diamond bracelet thanks to her co-star 'I hope you enjoy the read!': Bryan Cranston surprises fan by leaving free signed copy of his book at the airport Released memoir, A Life in Parts, last month John Legend pays tribute to his 'beautiful wife and daughter' as baby Luna makes her starring debut in new music video for Love Me Now Big hair don't care! Pixie Lott channels retro glamour in pink floral mini dress and voluminous updo as she steps out in LA Left Disney HQ in LA What would Tiffany say? Busty Bachelor babe Megan Marx sidles up to mystery bearded man in BUDGIE SMUGGLERS at Maxim's Hot 100 party 'It's a myth that models don't eat': Heidi Klum, 43, sizzles in swimsuits as she reveals her body secrets She's the cover girl for SHAPE magazine 'Goodbye to all that': Robert Redford, 80, reveals intention to retire from acting...and refocus on directing Acting career began in 1960 on TV's Maverick.  Young and in love: Lovebirds Daryl Hannah and Neil Young co-ordinate in black as they jet out of LA They looked in sync in Los Angeles Looking like a Greek Goddessex! TOWIE's Frankie flaunts her slimmed-down figure in a skimpy pink bikini for idyllic Mykonos beach break 'Dynamite recordings' of Angelina Jolie 'could dent her bid to get primary custody of her six children during bitter divorce with Brad Pitt ' She's nearly freed the nipple! Braless Zilda Williams flaunts her famed bust in a VERY sheer top... before cosying up to Bachelorette contestant Sam Johnston Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Publications : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER Sign in | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy home fashion lifestyle. entertainment travel. food. horoscope. editor's corner. HOME > Lifestyle > Health and Fitness 'New day' in lung cancer as Merck drug shines, works with chemo Reuters/Copenhagen Filed on October 9, 2016 Share More > Vote Drugs like Keytruda and Opdivo work by taking the brakes off the immune system and allowing the body's natural killer cells to home in on tumours. Merck & Co scored a double hit on Sunday with new clinical data showing its Keytruda immunotherapy offered big benefits in previously untreated lung cancer patients, either when given on its own or with chemotherapy. As a monotherapy, Keytruda halved the risk of disease progression and cut overall deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy alone in pre-selected patients whose tumours had been tested using a biomarker. And when given with two older chemotherapy drugs in non-selected patients, it was almost twice as likely to shrink tumours as chemotherapy alone. Highlights: *Keytruda cuts risk of death 40 pc in big lung cancer study *Drug also improves outcomes when given with chemotherapy *Immunotherapy changing standard of care in cancer Another similar drug from Roche also demonstrated broad efficacy as a so-called second-line option in patients who had received prior treatment. "Remember this day. It's a new day for lung cancer treatment," Stefan Zimmermann of Lausanne's University Hospital told reporters at the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) congress as the results were presented. An editorial in the New England Journal of Medicine, where the Merck monotherapy results were published, said Keytruda could become "a new standard of care". The various findings suggest that treating lung cancer - the biggest cancer killer globally - with powerful new immune system-boosting medicines is going to involve more permutations than some experts originally expected. Rival drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb had tried a catch-all approach with its Opdivo drug but it failed to help previously untreated patients when given on its own in a trial that included people with low levels of a protein called PD-L1. Keytruda, as a sole agent, was targeted only at patients with high PD-L1, making them more receptive to immunotherapy. We feel obligated and honored to do all we can to invent medicines that can help prevent diseases. pic.twitter.com/qSGjAce9XY - Merck (@Merck) October 8, 2016 Proud to share data from three #lungcancer studies today at ESMO 2016. - Merck (@Merck) October 9, 2016 In addition, read about more #lungcancer data: https://t.co/jJjqh0QrZG #immunooncology - Merck (@Merck) October 9, 2016 Lead researcher Martin Reck of Germany's Lung Clinic Grosshansdorf predicted that testing for the PD-L1 biomarker would now become standard "from today". Merck had already said in June that Keytruda worked in the trial but the scale of the benefit was only disclosed at ESMO. Combination therapy The second trial, mixing Keytruda with chemotherapy, was much smaller but was notable because it was the first time that a combination of immunotherapy and chemotherapy has been shown to work in a randomised Phase II study. Many experts have been sceptical about this approach and investors' expectations, up until now, have been quite low. In the event, researchers reported that Merck's combination cut the risk of disease progression or death by 47 per cent compared to chemotherapy alone after 10.6 months, while 55 per cent of patients saw their tumours shrink versus 29 per cent. Patients in this trial were not selected by PD-L1 expression but the study did find that those with higher PD-L1 had a higher response. Roger Perlmutter, Merck's head of research, said both trials suggested Keytruda could offer a broad array of patients meaningful improvement over standard platinum-based chemotherapy, which is now more than two decades old. Drugs like Keytruda and Opdivo work by taking the brakes off the immune system and allowing the body's natural killer cells to home in on tumours. They are expected to sell tens of billions of dollars in the years ahead, with lung cancer the largest market. Up until now, Bristol has dominated the field but investors have started to shift their bets, with forecasts for Opdivo declining while those for Keytruda have risen. The current consensus forecast among analysts is for Keytruda sales to reach $8 billion in 2021, with Opdivo selling $10.5 billion, according to Thomson Reuters data. Results of Bristol's failed Opdivo trial, which included patients with tumours testing only 5 percent or higher for PD-L1 against the 50 percent cut-off used by Merck, were also presented at ESMO. These showed progression-free survival was 4.2 months with Opdivo and 5.9 months with chemotherapy, although the difference was not statistically significant. Overall survival was 14.4 months with Opdivo versus 13.2 months. The failure of Opdivo to work for "all comers" in lung cancer was first announced in August, without any details. It was a major setback for Bristol, wiping out around a quarter of the company's market value, and it has caused investors to rethink prospects for immunotherapy treatments. Many now believe that combination therapy is the way ahead, with Bristol and AstraZeneca working primarily on using two immunotherapies together, while Roche and Merck look at adding chemotherapy.   Share More > Vote   Popular Comments Voted Government Know your Emirates ID privileges and benefits in the UAE 65891 views | 18 February 2016 Transport Dubai businessman buys number plate for Dh33 MILLION 58932 views | 8 October 2016 General Dandiya dancing rocks the night at Navratri celebrations 40236 views | 7 October 2016 Gadgets and Electronics Bag these KILLER deals on last day of GITEX Shopper 27713 views | 7 October 2016 Europe British-Indian stabs wife 124 times over asking for divorce 19348 views | 8 October 2016 Newsmakers Fawad Khan breaks silence on India-Pakistan tensions 16568 views | 7 October 2016 Crime Father refuses to accept 'arrogant teenage girl' 9611 views | 8 October 2016 General Arab woman killed in Dubai accident 8476 views | 8 October 2016 Pakistan Pakistan spy agency chief likely to be replaced: Report 5235 views | 8 October 2016 Education Homework in UAE schools: To ban or not to ban? 4536 views | 8 October 2016 Video | Nation Why people jump Dubai red lights Economy Dubai's non-oil foreign trade at Dh647 billion in H1 2016 0 comments | 8 October 2016 Technology Gitex shoppers pleased with deals 0 comments | 4 October 2016 Football Guardiola says he owes his success to Cruyff 0 comments | 6 October 2016 Abu Dhabi Let the hunting games begin: Adihex 2016 is now open 0 comments | 4 October 2016 Africa Anti-apartheid icon Tutu wants choice of assisted death 0 comments | 7 October 2016 General 9-year-old Emirati girl drowns in RAK 0 comments | 8 October 2016 Rest of Asia Suicide bombings kill at least eight in Baghdad: Officials 0 comments | 3 October 2016 UAE health Sleep well or risk getting cancer 0 comments | 2 October 2016 Music Rolling Stones to release new album in December 0 comments | 6 October 2016 General Dubai ranked among world's TOP 5 shopping cities 9 votes | 8 October 2016 Cricket England beat Bangladesh despite Kayes and Shakib heroics 9 votes | 7 October 2016 Americas Hurricane kills 339, Obama declares emergency 9 votes | 7 October 2016 India India says it foils attack on Kashmir base, kills three militants 9 votes | 6 October 2016 Video | Business Emirates NBD launches futuristic banking... Hollywood Kardashian robbery news led to 2400% increase in spams, scams 9 votes | 5 October 2016 Government Shaikh Mohammed leads Dubai economy to new future phase 9 votes | 4 October 2016 Dubai Up to Dh30,000 fine for jumping Dubai tram red light 9 votes | 3 October 2016 General Shaikh Mohammed spends time with daughter, friends at school 89 votes | 5 October 2016 India Man lets friend RAPE wife to settle debt of Dh270 87 votes | 5 October 2016   more from wknd. On The Road Audi R8 V10 Plus: A firecracker supercar Fashion The Changing Face of Indian Fashion A Day In The Life Of Ebraheem Al Samadi: Treat Your Employees Well Food and Dining Review: Fraiche Cafe Murder Mystery Night Hard Drive iPhone 7 review: Seventh heaven Beauty Basics For the bride-to-be Lifestyle Best of Simon Cowell quotes Lifestyle How to never forget anything again   Subscriptions & Downloads MAGAZINE Subscribe to wknd. PRINT ADDITION ABOUT US CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS & CONDITIONS See the full archive for Cover
Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Insurance Top News Black money drive: Modi warns more steps may come after Dec, ‘ready to check records up to Independence’ The Un-real Estate Arun Jaitley tells people to wait, says may take 21 days for ATMs to run normally Happy, set, go: MP Cabinet off the blocks for Happiness Index Pakistan: Death toll rises to 45 in IS-claimed blast at Balochistan shrine Home Lifestyle Health New clinical data shows benefits in untreated lung cancer patients as Merck drug shines New clinical data shows benefits in untreated lung cancer patients as Merck drug shines Keytruda halved the risk of disease progression and cut overall deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy alone in pre-selected patients. By: Reuters | Copenhagen | Published:October 9, 2016 3:43 pm Merck had already said in June that Keytruda worked in the trial but the scale of the benefit was only disclosed at ESMO. (Source: Reuters) Merck & Co scored a double hit on Sunday with new clinical data showing its Keytruda immunotherapy offered big benefits in previously untreated lung cancer patients, either when given on its own or with chemotherapy. As a monotherapy, Keytruda halved the risk of disease progression and cut overall deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy alone in pre-selected patients whose tumours had been tested using a biomarker. And when given with two older chemotherapy drugs in non-selected patients, it was almost twice as likely to shrink tumours as chemotherapy alone. Another similar drug from Roche also demonstrated broad efficacy as a so-called second-line option in patients who had received prior treatment. “Remember this day. It’s a new day for lung cancer treatment,” Stefan Zimmermann of Lausanne’s University Hospital told reporters at the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) congress as the results were presented. ASUS ZenBook 3 First Look Video Siachen Civilian Trek 2016 Bigg Boss 10 November 10 Review: Manoj Punjabi And Mona Lisa Get Close, Irritates Swami Om Rock On 2 Audience Reaction: Farhan Akhtar’s Movie Impresses People England Pile On The Runs In Rajkot; India Solid In Reply India Queues Up Outside ATMs Sahibabad Garment Factory Fire Kills 13 Worried About Replacing Rs 500 & Rs 1000 Notes? Don’t Fall For This Fraud Call Banks, Post Offices See Long Queues Of People For Exchange Of Rs 500, Rs 1000 Notes Kanhaiya Kumar: Condoms Could Be Found In JNU, But Not Its Missing Student People Outside Banks In Kolkata Here’s What The New Rs 2000 Note Looks Like Serpentine Queues Outside Banks To Exchange Rs 500, Rs 1,000 Notes 5 Reasons To Watch Rock On 2 Bigg Boss 10 November 9 Episode Review: No Maliks-Sevaks Anymore An editorial in the New England Journal of Medicine, where the Merck monotherapy results were published, said Keytruda could become “a new standard of care”. The various findings suggest that treating lung cancer – the biggest cancer killer globally – with powerful new immune system-boosting medicines is going to involve more permutations than some experts originally expected. Rival drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb had tried a catch-all approach with its Opdivo drug but it failed to help previously untreated patients when given on its own in a trial that included people with low levels of a protein called PD-L1. Keytruda, as a sole agent, was targeted only at patients with high PD-L1, making them more receptive to immunotherapy. Lead researcher Martin Reck of Germany’s Lung Clinic Grosshansdorf predicted that testing for the PD-L1 biomarker would now become standard “from today”. U.S. regulators are expected to decide whether to approve Keytruda for first-line non-small cell lung cancer, the most common type, by Dec. 24. Merck had already said in June that Keytruda worked in the trial but the scale of the benefit was only disclosed at ESMO. COMBINATION THERAPY The second trial, mixing Keytruda with chemotherapy, was much smaller but was notable because it was the first time that a combination of immunotherapy and chemotherapy has been shown to work in a randomised Phase II study. Many experts have been sceptical about this approach and investors’ expectations, up until now, have been quite low. In the event, researchers reported that Merck’s combination cut the risk of disease progression or death by 47 percent compared to chemotherapy alone after 10.6 months, while 55 percent of patients saw their tumours shrink versus 29 percent. Patients in this trial were not selected by PD-L1 expression but the study did find that those with higher PD-L1 had a higher response. Roger Perlmutter, Merck’s head of research, said both trials suggested Keytruda could offer a broad array of patients meaningful improvement over standard platinum-based chemotherapy, which is now more than two decades old. Drugs like Keytruda and Opdivo work by taking the brakes off the immune system and allowing the body’s natural killer cells to home in on tumours. They are expected to sell tens of billions of dollars in the years ahead, with lung cancer the largest market. Up until now, Bristol has dominated the field but investors have started to shift their bets, with forecasts for Opdivo declining while those for Keytruda have risen. The current consensus forecast among analysts is for Keytruda sales to reach $8 billion in 2021, with Opdivo selling $10.5 billion, according to Thomson Reuters data. Results of Bristol’s failed Opdivo trial, which included patients with tumours testing only 5 percent or higher for PD-L1 against the 50 percent cut-off used by Merck, were also presented at ESMO. These showed progression-free survival was 4.2 months with Opdivo and 5.9 months with chemotherapy, although the difference was not statistically significant. Overall survival was 14.4 months with Opdivo versus 13.2 months. The failure of Opdivo to work for “all comers” in lung cancer was first announced in August, without any details. It was a major setback for Bristol, wiping out around a quarter of the company’s market value, and it has caused investors to rethink prospects for immunotherapy treatments. Many now believe that combination therapy is the way ahead, with Bristol and AstraZeneca working primarily on using two immunotherapies together, while Roche and Merck look at adding chemotherapy. Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaLIVE | PM Modi on blackmoney: Going to attack all benami properties OpinionAcross the aisle: Old notes for new is not game-changer IndiaIndia agrees to link N-testing to termination of deal with Japan IndiaJaitley tells people to wait, says may take 21 days for ATMs to run normally WorldAt least 52 killed, 100 injured in blast at Shah Noorani's Shrine in Pakistan EntertainmentPadmavati will be extremely difficult, says Deepika Padukone EntertainmentSalman Khan, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan praise PM Modi on demonetisation EntertainmentAamir Khan on demonetisation: Things that we need to do for our country, we should do it EntertainmentAs a father, I always support my kids, says Aamir Khan Must Read SportsLive, India vs England, 1st Test, Day 5 in Rajkot SportsEngland’s Baby Boycott shines in his ‘backyard’ Sports‘Outsider’ Narinder Batra takes charge at FIH TechnologyFacebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg insists fake news on News Feed didn’t help Trump win TechnologyApple iPhone 8 could come with never seen before wireless charging technology: Report TechnologyReliance Jio’s next big offering could hit DTH and broadband services  Deepika, Aishwarya, Shraddha: Fashion hits and misses of the week (November 6 – November 12) Nov 13: Latest News Railways plan to launch PayTM-like e-wallets for booking train tickets Economy, Russia top issues as Bulgarians pick new president South Korea prosecutors likely to question president: Reports Conor McGregor knocks out Eddie Alvarez to make UFC history No need to be anxious, enough cash available, assures RBI                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video 'New day' in lung cancer as Merck drug shines, works with chemo Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States World News | Mon Oct 10, 2016 | 6:42pm IST 'New day' in lung cancer as Merck drug shines, works with chemo By Ben Hirschler | COPENHAGEN COPENHAGEN Merck & Co scored a double hit on Sunday with new clinical data showing its Keytruda immunotherapy offered big benefits in previously untreated lung cancer patients, either when given on its own or with chemotherapy. As a monotherapy, Keytruda halved the risk of disease progression and cut overall deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy alone in pre-selected patients whose tumours had been tested using a biomarker. And when given with two older chemotherapy drugs in non-selected patients, it was almost twice as likely to shrink tumours as chemotherapy alone. Another similar drug from Roche also demonstrated broad efficacy as a so-called second-line option in patients who had received prior treatment. "Remember this day. It's a new day for lung cancer treatment," Stefan Zimmermann of Lausanne's University Hospital told reporters at the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) congress as the results were presented. An editorial in the New England Journal of Medicine, where the Merck monotherapy results were published, said Keytruda could become "a new standard of care". The various findings suggest that treating lung cancer - the biggest cancer killer globally - with powerful new immune system-boosting medicines is going to involve more permutations than some experts originally expected. Rival drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb had tried a catch-all approach with its Opdivo drug but it failed to help previously untreated patients when given on its own in a trial that included people with low levels of a protein called PD-L1. Keytruda, as a sole agent, was targeted only at patients with high PD-L1, making them more receptive to immunotherapy. Lead researcher Martin Reck of Germany's Lung Clinic Grosshansdorf predicted that testing for the PD-L1 biomarker would now become standard "from today". U.S. regulators are expected to decide whether to approve Keytruda for first-line non-small cell lung cancer, the most common type, by Dec. 24. Merck had already said in June that Keytruda worked in the trial but the scale of the benefit was only disclosed at ESMO. COMBINATION THERAPY The second trial, mixing Keytruda with chemotherapy, was much smaller but was notable because it was the first time that a combination of immunotherapy and chemotherapy has been shown to work in a randomised Phase II study. Many experts have been sceptical about this approach and investors' expectations, up until now, have been quite low. In the event, researchers reported that Merck's combination cut the risk of disease progression or death by 47 percent compared to chemotherapy alone after 10.6 months, while 55 percent of patients saw their tumours shrink versus 29 percent. Patients in this trial were not selected by PD-L1 expression but the study did find that those with higher PD-L1 had a higher response. Roger Perlmutter, Merck's head of research, said both trials suggested Keytruda could offer a broad array of patients meaningful improvement over standard platinum-based chemotherapy, which is now more than two decades old. Drugs like Keytruda and Opdivo work by taking the brakes off the immune system and allowing the body's natural killer cells to home in on tumours. They are expected to sell tens of billions of dollars in the years ahead, with lung cancer the largest market. Up until now, Bristol has dominated the field but investors have started to shift their bets, with forecasts for Opdivo declining while those for Keytruda have risen. The current consensus forecast among analysts is for Keytruda sales to reach $8 billion in 2021, with Opdivo selling $10.5 billion, according to Thomson Reuters data. Results of Bristol's failed Opdivo trial, which included patients with tumours testing only 5 percent or higher for PD-L1 against the 50 percent cut-off used by Merck, were also presented at ESMO. These showed progression-free survival was 4.2 months with Opdivo and 5.9 months with chemotherapy, although the difference was not statistically significant. Overall survival was 14.4 months with Opdivo versus 13.2 months. The failure of Opdivo to work for "all comers" in lung cancer was first announced in August, without any details. It was a major setback for Bristol, wiping out around a quarter of the company's market value, and it has caused investors to rethink prospects for immunotherapy treatments. Many now believe that combination therapy is the way ahead, with Bristol and AstraZeneca working primarily on using two immunotherapies together, while Roche and Merck look at adding chemotherapy. (Reporting by Ben Hirschler; Editing by Stephen Powell and Susan Fenton) Next In World News Eight dead in clashes between Myanmar army and militants in Rakhine YANGON Eight people died and 36 were arrested in clashes between the Myanmar army and what the government believes are Rohingya Muslim militants in northern Rakhine State, state media said on Sunday, in the largest escalation of the month-old conflict yet. Abe aims to underscore importance of Japan-U.S. alliance with Trump TOKYO Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe aims to underscore the importance of the Japan-U.S. alliance when he meets President-elect Donald Trump on Thursday, Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida said on Sunday. South Korean prosecutors to question president this week over political scandal - Yonhap SEOUL South Korean prosecutors are seeking to question President Park Geun-hye this week over a political scandal which has engulfed her presidency, Yonhap reported on Sunday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Editor's Pick Anger grows in India as banks struggle to swap banned notes Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Login Learn more about Thomson Reuters Foundation Home Women's Rights Climate Trafficking Property Rights Humanitarian Food Search 'New day' in lung cancer as Merck drug shines, works with chemo by Reuters Sunday, 9 October 2016 09:15 GMT About our Humanitarian coverage From major disaster, conflicts and under-reported stories, we shine a light on the world’s humanitarian hotspots Share: Newsletter sign up: Most Popular As Nigerian sex trafficking rises, Italy tracks crime kingpins World Bank probe into Tata tea project finds it failed to protect Indian workers EU lawmakers back Uzbekistan trade deal opposed by anti-slavery activists India's move to curb "black money" will break backbone of traffickers - Satyarthi Agents of India's 'migration express' sell one-way ticket to debt bondage * Keytruda cuts risk of death 40 pct in big lung cancer study * Drug also improves outcomes when given with chemotherapy * Immunotherapy changing standard of care in cancer (Adds further comment from researchers) By Ben Hirschler COPENHAGEN, Oct 9 (Reuters) - Merck & Co scored a double hit on Sunday with new clinical data showing its Keytruda immunotherapy offered big benefits in previously untreated lung cancer patients, either when given on its own or with chemotherapy. As a monotherapy, Keytruda halved the risk of disease progression and cut overall deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy alone in pre-selected patients whose tumours had been tested using a biomarker. And when given with two older chemotherapy drugs in non-selected patients, it was almost twice as likely to shrink tumours as chemotherapy alone. Another similar drug from Roche also demonstrated broad efficacy as a so-called second-line option in patients who had received prior treatment. "Remember this day. It's a new day for lung cancer treatment," Stefan Zimmermann of Lausanne's University Hospital told reporters at the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) congress as the results were presented. An editorial in the New England Journal of Medicine, where the Merck monotherapy results were published, said Keytruda could become "a new standard of care". The various findings suggest that treating lung cancer - the biggest cancer killer globally - with powerful new immune system-boosting medicines is going to involve more permutations than some experts originally expected. Rival drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb had tried a catch-all approach with its Opdivo drug but it failed to help previously untreated patients when given on its own in a trial that included people with low levels of a protein called PD-L1. Keytruda, as a sole agent, was targeted only at patients with high PD-L1, making them more receptive to immunotherapy. Lead researcher Martin Reck of Germany's Lung Clinic Grosshansdorf predicted that testing for the PD-L1 biomarker would now become standard "from today". U.S. regulators are expected to decide whether to approve Keytruda for first-line non-small cell lung cancer, the most common type, by Dec. 24. Merck had already said in June that Keytruda worked in the trial but the scale of the benefit was only disclosed at ESMO. COMBINATION THERAPY The second trial, mixing Keytruda with chemotherapy, was much smaller but was notable because it was the first time that a combination of immunotherapy and chemotherapy has been shown to work in a randomised Phase II study. Many experts have been sceptical about this approach and investors' expectations, up until now, have been quite low. In the event, researchers reported that Merck's combination cut the risk of disease progression or death by 47 percent compared to chemotherapy alone after 10.6 months, while 55 percent of patients saw their tumours shrink versus 29 percent. Patients in this trial were not selected by PD-L1 expression but the study did find that those with higher PD-L1 had a higher response. Roger Perlmutter, Merck's head of research, said both trials suggested Keytruda could offer a broad array of patients meaningful improvement over standard platinum-based chemotherapy, which is now more than two decades old. Drugs like Keytruda and Opdivo work by taking the brakes off the immune system and allowing the body's natural killer cells to home in on tumours. They are expected to sell tens of billions of dollars in the years ahead, with lung cancer the largest market. Up until now, Bristol has dominated the field but investors have started to shift their bets, with forecasts for Opdivo declining while those for Keytruda have risen. The current consensus forecast among analysts is for Keytruda sales to reach $8 billion in 2021, with Opdivo selling $10.5 billion, according to Thomson Reuters data. Results of Bristol's failed Opdivo trial, which included patients with tumours testing only 5 percent or higher for PD-L1 against the 50 percent cut-off used by Merck, were also presented at ESMO. These showed progression-free survival was 4.2 months with Opdivo and 5.9 months with chemotherapy, although the difference was not statistically significant. Overall survival was 14.4 months with Opdivo versus 13.2 months. The failure of Opdivo to work for "all comers" in lung cancer was first announced in August, without any details. It was a major setback for Bristol, wiping out around a quarter of the company's market value, and it has caused investors to rethink prospects for immunotherapy treatments. Many now believe that combination therapy is the way ahead, with Bristol and AstraZeneca working primarily on using two immunotherapies together, while Roche and Merck look at adding chemotherapy. (Reporting by Ben Hirschler; Editing by Stephen Powell and Susan Fenton) Themes Health and Disease Share Tweet Share Email Comment EXPLORE MORE Humanitarian NEWS Original Most child deaths concentrated in 10 Asian, African nations - study Scientists develop new type of HIV test on a USB stick Pig experiment may have exposed Canadian lab worker to Ebola Original Cholera cases in S. Sudan spike, outbreak spreads to Unity state - UN About Thomson Reuters Foundation News news.trust.org Our global editorial team of almost 40 journalists and 100 freelancers covers the world’s under-reported stories at the heart of aid, development, women’s rights, human trafficking, property rights, and climate change. Find out more Find out more Newsletter sign up: Terms and Conditions Privacy and Cookies Acceptable Use Policy Contact Us Trust Principles Copyright © 2016 Thomson Reuters Foundation. Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity registered in England and Wales (registration number: 1082139) Latest News Thousands march in U.S. cities against Trump presidency Former air force commander tipped to win Bulgarian presidency Islamic State victims suffer as evidence of chemical attacks grows Eight dead in clashes between Myanmar army and militants in Rakhine Iraqi Kurds' destruction of Arab villages could be war crime -HRW Join Us Comments Close 'New day' in lung cancer as Merck drug shines, works with chemo We welcome comments that advance the story through relevant opinion, anecdotes, links and data. If you see a comment that you believe is irrelevant or inappropriate, you can flag it to our editors by using the report abuse links. Views expressed in the comments do not represent those of the Thomson Reuters Foundation. For more information see our Acceptable Use Policy. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus



Latest News Dow 18,848 +39.78 +0.21% Nasdaq 5,237 +28.32 +0.54% S&P 500 2,164 -3.03 -0.14% 11/12 Updated Trump’s win is causing a surge in demand for mental health services 11/12 Updated After Trump’s win, free wedding and legal services offered in the gay community 11/12 Updated Facebook thinks a lot of people who are alive and well died today 11/12 Trump is turbocharging the stock market’s V-shaped surge 11/12 Updated Trump critic Warren Buffett says stocks will continue to rise 11/12 Trump ally, wary of Paul Ryan, fires warning shot on chief-of-staff pick 11/12 Anti-Trump Protests Continue for Fourth Day 11/12 Updated Trump is turbocharging the stock market’s V-shaped surge 11/12 Updated My husband’s bad credit score is ruining our marriage 11/12 Updated What Trump’s victory means for you and your taxes 11/12 Updated How Donald Trump’s win could affect your wallet 11/12 Updated A list of possible Trump cabinet picks that everyone has had to Google 11/12 U.S. men’s soccer team falls to Mexico in World Cup qualifying 11/12 EU ministers huddle over Donald Trump policy on Iran, Russia 11/12 Updated This week’s lesson for investors? Nothing good happens after hours 11/12 Updated Is your local Macy’s closing? Department store lays out real estate plans 11/12 Updated Nvidia stock rockets to record high following earnings shocker 11/12 ‘Mars’ and the rise of ‘premium nonfiction’ TV 11/12 Updated The one crucial question you need to ask when markets go haywire 11/12 Updated Apple, Nike and Playboy among most popular U.S. brands on Alibaba’s Singles Day Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Two Major Studies to Be Presented at ESMO 2016 Congress Presidential Symposium Demonstrate Potential of Merck’s KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) for the First-Line Treatment of Metastatic Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer in a Broad Range of Patients By Published: Oct 9, 2016 2:16 a.m. ET Share KEYNOTE-024, Published in TheNew England Journal of Medicine, Showed KEYTRUDA as Monotherapy Demonstrated Superior Progression-Free and Overall Survival Compared to Chemotherapy as First-Line Treatment in Patients with High Levels of PD-L1 ExpressionKEYNOTE-021, Cohort G, Published in The Lancet Oncology, Showed KEYTRUDA in Combination with Chemotherapy Demonstrated Superior Efficacy Compared to Chemotherapy Alone as First-Line Treatment; Trial Enrolled Patients Regardless of PD-L1 Expression KENILWORTH, N.J., Oct 09, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Merck MRK, -1.55% known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced results from two major studies of KEYTRUDA [®] (pembrolizumab), the company’s anti-PD-1 therapy, in the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) at the ESMO 2016 Congress, the annual meeting of the European Society for Medical Oncology: In KEYNOTE-024, which evaluated squamous and non-squamous NSCLC patients whose tumors expressed high levels of PD-L1 (tumor proportion score, or TPS, of 50 percent or more), KEYTRUDA provided a 50 percent reduction in the risk of disease progression or death and a 40 percent reduction in the risk of death compared to platinum doublet, the current standard of care. These data were also published today in The New England Journal of Medicine. Based upon the results observed from KEYNOTE-024, to date KEYTRUDA is the only anti-PD-1 to demonstrate superior progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) compared to chemotherapy for the first-line treatment of both squamous and non-squamous NSCLC in patients whose tumors express high levels of PD-L1 and do not express EGFR or ALK genetic aberrations. In KEYNOTE-021, Cohort G, which included patients with metastatic non-squamous NSCLC regardless of PD-L1 expression level, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) plus chemotherapy (carboplatin plus pemetrexed) achieved a 55 percent objective response rate (ORR) compared to 29 percent for chemotherapy alone, the standard of care, and reduced the risk of disease progression or death by 47 percent. To date, KEYTRUDA is the only anti-PD-1 therapy to demonstrate superior efficacy in combination with chemotherapy compared to chemotherapy alone in patients receiving first-line treatment. These data were published today in The Lancet Oncology. “Chemotherapy has been the standard treatment for most patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer for decades, but survival rates remain low,” said Dr. Roger M. Perlmutter, president, Merck Research Laboratories. “Our new data suggest that KEYTRUDA treatment can offer meaningful improvement over chemotherapy in a broad array of patients. In this sense, these studies may represent a turning point in worldwide efforts to control lung cancer. We sincerely thank the patients and the clinical investigators for their participation in our studies. Together we are working to improve the health of more and more patients with cancer.” Merck has submitted KEYNOTE-024 data to regulatory agencies in the United States, Europe, and Japan. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation and Priority Review, with a PDUFA, or target action, date of Dec. 24, 2016. Merck is currently advancing multiple registration-enabling studies in NSCLC with KEYTRUDA as monotherapy and in combination, including the combination of KEYTRUDA plus a platinum/pemetrexed-based chemotherapy regimen in patients with previously untreated, non-squamous NSCLC in the ongoing phase 3 KEYNOTE-189 trial. The KEYTRUDA clinical development program includes more than 350 clinical trials across more than 30 tumor types, including more than 100 trials that combine KEYTRUDA with other cancer treatments. KEYNOTE-024: Data Showed KEYTRUDA was Superior to Chemotherapy for PFS and OS in First-Line Treatment of Metastatic NSCLC KEYNOTE-024 included 305 patients who were previously untreated and whose tumors expressed high levels of PD-L1 (TPS of 50 percent or more). Patients were randomized to receive a 200 mg fixed dose of KEYTRUDA every three weeks (n=154) or four to six cycles of investigator’s choice of one of five platinum-based chemotherapy regimens (n=151): carboplatin or cisplatin plus pemetrexed, carboplatin or cisplatin plus gemcitabine, or carboplatin plus paclitaxel. Pemetrexed maintenance therapy was permitted for patients with non-squamous histologies. Patients randomized to the control arm had the option of crossing over to KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) upon disease progression. The median follow-up was 11.2 months (range, 6.3-19.7). The primary endpoint was PFS; secondary endpoints were OS, ORR, and safety. The findings published in The New England Journal of Medicine demonstrated that KEYTRUDA reduced the risk of progression or death by 50 percent compared to chemotherapy (HR, 0.50 [95% CI, 0.37-0.68]; p<0.001). The median PFS for KEYTRUDA was 10.3 months (95% CI, 6.7-not reached) compared to 6.0 months for chemotherapy (95% CI, 4.2-6.2). At six months, 62.1 percent of patients treated with KEYTRUDA were alive and had no disease progression (95% CI, 53.8-69.4) compared to 50.3 percent of those receiving chemotherapy (95% CI, 41.9-58.2). This benefit was observed in all study subgroups. Additionally, KEYTRUDA resulted in a 40 percent reduction in the risk of death compared with chemotherapy (HR, 0.60 [95% CI, 0.41-0.89]; p=0.005); this finding includes the 66 patients (43.7%) on the chemotherapy arm who crossed over in-study to receive KEYTRUDA once their cancer had progressed; median OS was not reached in either group. Further, ORR was 44.8 percent for patients receiving KEYTRUDA (95% CI, 36.8-53.0), including six complete responses, compared to 27.8 percent with chemotherapy (95% CI, 20.8-35.7), including one complete response. “These data from KEYNOTE-024 demonstrate the potential of KEYTRUDA to change the way non-small cell lung cancer is currently treated,” said Dr. Martin Reck, head of the thoracic oncology dept., LungenClinic Grosshansdorf, Germany, and lead author of TheNew England Journal of Medicine paper. “This provides additional evidence that testing for PD-L1 levels should become standard in lung cancer at first diagnosis to guide treatment decisions.” Additional Findings and Safety Information from KEYNOTE-024 The safety of KEYTRUDA was consistent with what has been seen in previous trials among patients with metastatic NSCLC. The most common treatment-related adverse events for KEYTRUDA were diarrhea (n=22), fatigue (n=16), and pyrexia (n=16). Grade 3-5 treatment-related adverse events for KEYTRUDA included diarrhea (n=6) and pneumonitis (n=4). There was one treatment-related death in a patient receiving KEYTRUDA (cause unknown). Additionally, based on an analysis of duration of response, a pre-specified exploratory endpoint, the median duration of response was not reached with KEYTRUDA (range, 1.9+ to 14.5+ months). The median duration of response with the chemotherapy group was 6.3 months (range, 2.1+ to 12.6+). Median time to response was 2.2 months for both groups. About KEYNOTE-024 KEYNOTE-024 is a randomized, phase 3 study (ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02142738) evaluating KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) as monotherapy compared to standard of care platinum-based chemotherapy in the treatment of patients with metastatic NSCLC. Patients enrolled were those who had received no prior systemic chemotherapy treatment for their advanced disease, whose tumors did not harbor an EGFR sensitizing mutation or ALK translocation, and whose tumors expressed high levels of PD-L1 (TPS of 50 percent or more) as determined by a central laboratory using an FDA approved companion diagnostic, the Dako PD-L1 IHC 22C3 PharmDx test, from Agilent Technologies. KEYNOTE-021, Cohort G: KEYTRUDA Combined with Chemotherapy Showed Higher Response Rates Compared to Chemotherapy Alone as First-Line Treatment of Metastatic NSCLC KEYNOTE-021, Cohort G, included 123 previously untreated patients with metastatic non-squamous NSCLC regardless of PD-L1 expression and whose tumors did not have EGFR mutations or ALK translocations. Patients were randomized to receive KEYTRUDA plus platinum doublet chemotherapy with pemetrexed and carboplatin (n=60) or platinum doublet chemotherapy alone (n=63). Patients randomized to the chemotherapy-only arm had the option of crossing over to KEYTRUDA monotherapy upon disease progression. The median follow-up was 10.6 months (range, 0.8-19.3). The findings published in The Lancet Oncology demonstrated that ORR nearly doubled by adding KEYTRUDA to chemotherapy, with an ORR of 55 percent (n=33/60) compared to 29 percent (n=18/63) for chemotherapy alone (treatment difference 26%, 95% CI, 9-42%, p=0.0016); all responses were partial. Median duration of response was not reached in either group (range, 1.4+-13.0+ for KEYTRUDA plus chemotherapy; 1.4+-15.2+ for chemotherapy alone). Responses in both groups were durable, with 88 percent (n=29/33) of responders in the KEYTRUDA plus chemotherapy group and 78 percent (n=14/18) of responders in the chemotherapy alone group experiencing ongoing response at the time of data cut-off. Additionally, the KEYTRUDA combination significantly reduced the risk of disease progression or death compared to chemotherapy alone (hazard ratio 0.53, 95% CI, 0.31-0.91, p=0.0102). Median PFS was 13.0 months with KEYTRUDA plus chemotherapy compared to 8.9 months with chemotherapy alone. OS was similar between the two arms, with 92 percent survival at six months in both, and 75 percent and 72 percent survival at 12 months in the KEYTRUDA combination and chemotherapy alone, respectively. Of treated patients on the KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) plus chemotherapy arm, 47 percent remained on treatment as of the cut-off date, compared to 31 percent on chemotherapy alone. Of the treated patients who discontinued treatment on the chemotherapy-only arm, 52 percent (n=32/62) subsequently received anti-PD-L1 therapy, with 32 percent crossing over to KEYTRUDA monotherapy as allowed by the study protocol and 19 percent receiving it outside of study crossover. “The results from KEYNOTE-021 show that pembrolizumab plus chemotherapy nearly doubled the number of patients responding to treatment than chemotherapy alone,” said Dr. Corey Langer, director of thoracic oncology and professor of medicine at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania and lead author of The Lancet Oncology paper. “We are now gaining a better understanding that pembrolizumab combined with chemotherapy may play an important role in the first-line treatment of patients with non-small cell lung cancer.” Additional Safety Information from KEYNOTE-021, Cohort G The most common treatment-related adverse events (occurring in at least 15% of patients) for KEYTRUDA plus chemotherapy were fatigue, nausea, anemia, rash, vomiting, diarrhea, increased AST, constipation, decreased appetite, increased ALT, dysgeusia, and decreased neutrophils. Grade 3-4 treatment-related adverse events in this arm included fatigue, nausea, anemia, rash, vomiting, increased AST, increased ALT, and decreased neutrophils. The most common immune-mediated adverse events in patients receiving KEYTRUDA plus chemotherapy were hypothyroidism and hyperthyroidism. Additionally, pneumonitis, infusion reactions, and severe skin toxicity were noted. These immune-mediated adverse events occurred at similar rates to patients receiving KEYTRUDA as a single agent. There was one treatment-related death from sepsis in a patient receiving KEYTRUDA plus chemotherapy, and two (one from sepsis and one from pancytopenia) in patients receiving chemotherapy alone. About KEYNOTE-021, Cohort G Cohort G of the multicenter, open-label, phase 1/2 multi-cohort KEYNOTE-021 study evaluated the efficacy and safety of KEYTRUDA in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin compared with pemetrexed and carboplatin in patients with metastatic, non-squamous, EGFR- and ALK-negative NSCLC in the first-line treatment setting. Patients were randomized 1:1 to four cycles of KEYTRUDA (200 mg plus carboplatin AUC 5 (5 mg/mL/min) plus pemetrexed 500 mg/m [2 ] every three weeks), or carboplatin plus pemetrexed alone, followed by maintenance pemetrexed with or without KEYTRUDA. Randomization was stratified by PD-L1 expression (positive expression defined as TPS of one percent or more; negative expression defined as TPS of less than one percent). Patients randomized to the chemotherapy arm were allowed to cross over to KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) monotherapy if they experienced disease progression. Response was assessed by blinded, independent central review using RECIST 1.1 every six weeks for the first 18 weeks, every nine weeks through the first year, and every 12 weeks in the second year. The primary endpoint was ORR; secondary endpoints included PFS, duration of response, and OS. About KEYTRUDA [®] (pembrolizumab) KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. KEYTRUDA is administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks for the approved indications. KEYTRUDA for injection is supplied in a 100 mg single use vial. KEYTRUDA Indications and Dosing Melanoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma at a dose of 2 mg/kg every three weeks. Lung Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors express PD-L1 as determined by an FDA-approved test with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy, at a dose of 2 mg/kg every three weeks. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. An improvement in survival or disease-related symptoms has not yet been established. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. Head and Neck Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. Selected Important Safety Information for KEYTRUDA [®]  (pembrolizumab) Immune-mediated pneumonitis occurred in 19 (3.5%) of 550 patients, including Grade 2 (1.1%), 3 (1.3%), 4 (0.4%), or 5 (0.2%) pneumonitis and occurred more frequently in patients with a history of asthma/chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (5.4%) or prior thoracic radiation (6.0%). Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. Immune-mediated colitis occurred in 4 (0.7%) of 550 patients, including Grade 2 (0.2%) or 3 (0.4%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 4 colitis. Immune-mediated hepatitis occurred in patients receiving KEYTRUDA. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis and, based on severity of liver enzyme elevations, withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA. Hypophysitis occurred in 1 (0.2%) of 550 patients, which was Grade 3 in severity. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis (including hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency). Administer corticosteroids and hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; withhold or discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 hypophysitis. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 10 (1.8%) of 550 patients, including Grade 2 (0.7%) or 3 (0.3%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 38 (6.9%) of 550 patients, including Grade 2 (5.5%) or 3 (0.2%) hypothyroidism. Thyroid disorders can occur at any time during treatment. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function (at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation) and for clinical signs and symptoms of thyroid disorders. Administer replacement hormones for hypothyroidism and manage hyperthyroidism with thionamides and beta-blockers as appropriate. Withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 hyperthyroidism. Type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis, occurred in 3 (0.1%) of 2117 patients. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Administer insulin for type 1 diabetes, and withhold KEYTRUDA and administer anti-hyperglycemics in patients with severe hyperglycemia. Immune-mediated nephritis occurred in patients receiving KEYTRUDA. Monitor patients for changes in renal function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 nephritis. Other clinically important immune-mediated adverse reactions can occur. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, ensure adequate evaluation to confirm etiology or exclude other causes. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold KEYTRUDA and administer corticosteroids. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Based on limited data from clinical studies in patients whose immune-related adverse reactions could not be controlled with corticosteroid use, administration of other systemic immunosuppressants can be considered. Resume KEYTRUDA when the adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or less following corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for any Grade 3 immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant, immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% of 550 patients: rash, vasculitis, hemolytic anemia, serum sickness, and myasthenia gravis. Severe and life-threatening infusion-related reactions have been reported in 3 (0.1%) of 2117 patients. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions including rigors, chills, wheezing, pruritus, flushing, rash, hypotension, hypoxemia, and fever. For Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA. Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. If used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant during treatment, apprise the patient of the potential hazard to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use highly effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 14% of 550 patients. Serious adverse reactions occurred in 38% of patients. The most frequent serious adverse reactions reported in at least 2% of patients were pleural effusion, pneumonia, dyspnea, pulmonary embolism, and pneumonitis. The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 20% of patients) were fatigue (44%), cough (29%), decreased appetite (25%), and dyspnea (23%). It is not known whether KEYTRUDA is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, instruct women to discontinue nursing during treatment with KEYTRUDA and for 4 months after the final dose. Safety and effectiveness of KEYTRUDA have not been established in pediatric patients. Our Focus on Cancer Our goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck Oncology, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 350 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck For 125 years, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) at  http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf  and Patient Information/Medication Guide for KEYTRUDA at  http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_mg.pdf . View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161008005065/en/ SOURCE: Merck Media: Pamela Eisele, 267-305-3558 Kim Hamilton, 908-391-0131 or Investors: Teri Loxam, 908-740-1986 Amy Klug, 908-740-1898 Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate The Trump brand on real estate may see an upturn post election View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Realtor.com How President Trump will change the U.S. housing market View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $63.95 -1.01 (-1.55%) Volume 13.9M Open $64.08 High $64.51 Low $63.58 P/E Ratio 32.63 Div Yield 2.88 Market Cap 177.0B LatestNews
Latest News Dow 18,848 +39.78 +0.21% Nasdaq 5,237 +28.32 +0.54% S&P 500 2,164 -3.03 -0.14% 11/12 Updated Trump’s win is causing a surge in demand for mental health services 11/12 Updated After Trump’s win, free wedding and legal services offered in the gay community 11/12 Updated Facebook thinks a lot of people who are alive and well died today 11/12 Trump is turbocharging the stock market’s V-shaped surge 11/12 Updated Trump critic Warren Buffett says stocks will continue to rise 11/12 Trump ally, wary of Paul Ryan, fires warning shot on chief-of-staff pick 11/12 Anti-Trump Protests Continue for Fourth Day 11/12 Updated Trump is turbocharging the stock market’s V-shaped surge 11/12 Updated My husband’s bad credit score is ruining our marriage 11/12 Updated What Trump’s victory means for you and your taxes 11/12 Updated How Donald Trump’s win could affect your wallet 11/12 Updated A list of possible Trump cabinet picks that everyone has had to Google 11/12 U.S. men’s soccer team falls to Mexico in World Cup qualifying 11/12 EU ministers huddle over Donald Trump policy on Iran, Russia 11/12 Updated This week’s lesson for investors? Nothing good happens after hours 11/12 Updated Is your local Macy’s closing? Department store lays out real estate plans 11/12 Updated Nvidia stock rockets to record high following earnings shocker 11/12 ‘Mars’ and the rise of ‘premium nonfiction’ TV 11/12 Updated The one crucial question you need to ask when markets go haywire 11/12 Updated Apple, Nike and Playboy among most popular U.S. brands on Alibaba’s Singles Day Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) Showed Continued Overall Survival Benefit Compared to Chemotherapy with Longer Follow-Up in Patients with Previously Treated Metastatic Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer in Data to Be Presented at ESMO 2016 Congress By Published: Oct 9, 2016 2:15 a.m. ET Share Results from KEYNOTE-010 Include Improved Patient-Reported Health-Related Quality of Life Outcomes and 18-Month Findings of Overall Survival and Progression-Free Survival in Previously Treated Patients Whose Tumors Express PD-L1 (Tumor Proportion Score of One Percent or More) KENILWORTH, N.J., Oct 09, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Merck MRK, -1.55% known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced that KEYTRUDA [®] (pembrolizumab), the company’s anti-PD-1 therapy, demonstrated superiority in overall survival (OS) at 18 months compared to standard of care chemotherapy (docetaxel) in patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) previously treated with platinum-containing chemotherapy whose tumors expressed PD-L1 (tumor proportion score [TPS] of one percent or more), as well as patients with high levels of PD-L1 expression (TPS of 50 percent or more). These data, from the phase 2/3 KEYNOTE-010 trial, will be presented at the ESMO 2016 Congress, the annual meeting of the European Society for Medical Oncology, in Copenhagen(Abstract #LBA48). “These findings – which show superior survival with longer follow-up across patients with PD-L1 expression (tumor proportion score of one percent or more), as well as improved quality of life – point to KEYTRUDA as a durable treatment option for many previously treated patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer,” said Roy S. Herbst, M.D., Ph.D., professor of medicine and chief of medical oncology, Yale Cancer Center and Smilow Cancer Hospital at Yale New Haven. “These data also reinforce the value of using PD-L1 as a biomarker to identify patients who are likely to benefit from KEYTRUDA.” In additional data at the ESMO 2016 Congress from KEYNOTE-010, an analysis of patient-reported health-related quality of lifeoutcomes showed more patients treated with KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) reported positive outcomes compared to patients treated with chemotherapy (Abstract #1219P). Separately at the ESMO 2016 Congress, researchers presented an analysis of PD-L1 prevalence across three separate studies, including KEYNOTE-010. Overall, 66 percent of patients with metastatic NSCLC expressed any level of PD-L1, and 28 percent expressed high levels of PD-L1 (Abstract #1060P). “Our research in immuno-oncology continues to show tremendous promise, with our goal being to extend the lives of significant numbers of patients with non-small cell lung cancer,” said Roger Dansey, M.D., senior vice president and therapeutic area head, oncology late-stage development, Merck Research Laboratories. “In this longer-term analysis of KEYNOTE-010, among patients who responded to treatment, four times as many patients receiving KEYTRUDA were still alive without disease progression compared to docetaxel. It is gratifying to see these results continue with additional follow-up.” Merck has a robust clinical development program for KEYTRUDA in lung cancer, with multiple registration-enabling studies currently underway. The KEYTRUDA clinical development program includes more than 30 tumor types in more than 350 clinical trials, including more than 100 trials that combine KEYTRUDA with other cancer treatments. Efficacy and Safety Findings from KEYNOTE-010 (Abstract #LBA48) KEYNOTE-010 is a global, open-label, randomized, pivotal phase 2/3 study evaluating KEYTRUDA (2 mg/kg or 10 mg/kg every three weeks) compared to standard of care chemotherapy (docetaxel, 75 mg/m [2]  every three weeks) in patients with previously treated metastatic NSCLC. The primary endpoints were OS and progression-free survival (PFS) and were assessed based on patients whose tumors expressed PD-L1 (TPS of one percent or more) and high levels of PD-L1 (TPS of 50 percent or more). Secondary endpoints included overall response rate (ORR) and duration of response. KEYNOTE-010 is the first study of its kind to evaluate the potential of an immunotherapy compared to chemotherapy based on prospective measurement of PD-L1 expression in patients with metastatic NSCLC. As previously announced, the study met its primary objective, showing that KEYTRUDA significantly improved OS compared to chemotherapy in patients with PD-L1 expression (TPS of one percent or more). Findings were similar in patients who received the FDA-approved dose of KEYTRUDA (2 mg/kg every three weeks) and an investigational dose of KEYTRUDA (10 mg/kg every three weeks). These data also served as the basis for the KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) application approval by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in July of this year and are currently under review by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the second-line or greater NSCLC treatment setting. At the ESMO 2016 Congress, data from this study of 1,034 patients included six months of additional follow-up, with a median follow-up of 19.2 months (range, 11.7-29.7), and showed superior outcomes of OS, PFS, and ORR with KEYTRUDA compared to docetaxel in patients with PD-L1 expression (TPS of one percent or more) as well as high levels of PD-L1 expression (TPS of 50 percent or more) – with consistency of outcomes across KEYTRUDA doses. In patients with PD-L1 expression (TPS of one percent or more), OS at 18 months was 37 percent (HR, 0.72 [95% CI, 0.60-0.87]; p=0.0003) with KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg, 43 percent (HR, 0.60 [95% CI, 0.50-0.73]; p<0.00001) with KEYTRUDA 10 mg/kg, and 24 percent with docetaxel. Among all patients, median OS was 10.5 months with KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg, 13.6 months with KEYTRUDA 10 mg/kg, and 8.6 months with docetaxel. ORR was 19 percent (95% CI, 15-23, p=0.00025) with KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg, 20 percent (95% CI, 16-25, p=0.00004) with KEYTRUDA 10 mg/kg and 10 percent (95% CI, 7-13) with docetaxel. Responses to KEYTRUDA continued to be durable; among patients with any level of PD-L1 expression who responded to treatment, 60 percent on each of the KEYTRUDA treatment arms were alive, progression-free, and had not received additional therapy for their disease, compared to 15 percent in the docetaxel treatment arm. In patients with high levels of PD-L1 expression (TPS of 50 percent or more), OS at 18 months was 46 percent (HR, 0.54 [95% CI, 0.39-0.73]; p=0.00004) with KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg, 52 percent with KEYTRUDA 10 mg/kg (HR, 0.48 [95% CI, 0.35-0.66]; p<0.00001), and 24 percent with docetaxel. In this group, median OS was 15.8 months with KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg, 18.8 months with KEYTRUDA 10 mg/kg, and 8.2 months with docetaxel. ORR was 29 percent (95% CI, 22-38, p<0.00001) with KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg, 32 percent (95% CI, 24-40, p<0.00001) with KEYTRUDA 10 mg/kg, and nine percent (95% CI, 5-14) with docetaxel. Responses to KEYTRUDA continued to be durable; among patients with high levels of PD-L1 expression who responded to treatment, 68 and 63 percent on the KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg and 10 mg/kg treatment arms, respectively, were alive, progression-free, and had not received additional therapy for their disease, compared to 15 percent in the docetaxel treatment arm. The safety profile of KEYTRUDA was consistent with that observed in previously reported studies of KEYTRUDA. Treatment-related adverse events remained lower with KEYTRUDA compared to docetaxel. Among the total study population, 13, 17, and 36 percent of patients experienced Grades 3-5 treatment-related adverse events with KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) 2 mg/kg, KEYTRUDA 10 mg/kg, and docetaxel, respectively. Compared with the previous analysis, two additional patients in the KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg arm and five patients in the KEYTRUDA 10 mg/kg arm experienced immune-mediated adverse events, none of which led to death. Grade 3-5 immune-mediated adverse events that occurred in two or more patients included pneumonitis (n=14), severe skin toxicities (n=8), and colitis (n=4). Additional immune-mediated adverse events observed in at least two patients in the KEYTRUDA arms of the study included hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, pancreatitis, adrenal insufficiency, myositis, thyroiditis, hepatitis, hypophysitis, and type 1 diabetes mellitus. In this study to date, there have been 10 treatment-related adverse events that led to death, two with KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg, three with KEYTRUDA 10 mg/kg, and five with docetaxel. These data will be presented in a poster discussion session on Oct. 9 from 2:45 – 4:15 p.m. CEST (Abstract #LBA48) (location:Oslo). Patient-Reported Outcomes Findings from KEYNOTE-010 (Abstract #1219P) Also reported at the ESMO 2016 Congress were health-related quality of life (HRQoL) outcomes from the KEYNOTE-010 trial. Findings were based on patient-reported assessments using the European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer Quality of Life Questionnaire Core 30 (EORTC QLQ-C30), EORTC QLQ Lung Cancer 13, and EuroQol-5D-3L instruments to measure for outcomes such as physical, role, emotional, cognitive, and social functioning, as well as lung cancer and treatment-related symptoms, among other measures. Overall, from baseline to the 12-week assessment, patients treated with KEYTRUDA (2 mg/kg or 10 mg/kg every three weeks) reported numeric improvements, some of which were significant, in HRQoL and prolonged time to deterioration of lung cancer symptoms (defined using a composite endpoint of cough, dyspnea, and chest pain) compared with docetaxel (75 mg/m [2]  every three weeks). These findings, along with results from additional patient-reported outcomes analyses, suggest that HRQoL and symptoms were maintained or improved more with KEYTRUDA than with docetaxel. These data were presented in a poster session on Oct. 8 from 1 – 2 p.m. CEST (location:Hall E). PD-L1 Prevalence Findings from KEYNOTE-001, -010, and -024 (Abstract #1060P) Results from a third NSCLC abstract at the ESMO 2016 Congress explored, for the first time, the prevalence of PD-L1 in patients screened across multiple studies. The analysis assessed 4,784 patients with NSCLC who had tumors evaluable for PD-L1 expression and were screened for eligibility in three registrational studies of KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) – KEYNOTE-001, KEYNOTE-010, and KEYNOTE-024. Based on this pooled analysis, 66 percent of patients across all three trials were determined to express PD-L1 (TPS of one percent or more) and 28 percent were determined to have high levels of PD-L1 expression (TPS of 50 percent or more). These findings were similar across demographic and disease characteristics examined, including prior lines of therapy, age, tumor source (primary and metastases), and histology (squamous and non-squamous). These data will be presented in a poster session on Oct. 9 from 1 – 2 p.m. CEST (location:Hall E). About KEYTRUDA [®] (pembrolizumab) KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. KEYTRUDA is administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks for the approved indications. KEYTRUDA for injection is supplied in a 100 mg single use vial. KEYTRUDA Indications and Dosing Melanoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma at a dose of 2 mg/kg every three weeks. Lung Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors express PD-L1 as determined by an FDA-approved test with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy, at a dose of 2 mg/kg every three weeks. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. An improvement in survival or disease-related symptoms has not yet been established. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. Head and Neck Cancer KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is indicated for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. Selected Important Safety Information for KEYTRUDA [®]  (pembrolizumab) Immune-mediated pneumonitis occurred in 19 (3.5%) of 550 patients, including Grade 2 (1.1%), 3 (1.3%), 4 (0.4%), or 5 (0.2%) pneumonitis and occurred more frequently in patients with a history of asthma/chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (5.4%) or prior thoracic radiation (6.0%). Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. Immune-mediated colitis occurred in 4 (0.7%) of 550 patients, including Grade 2 (0.2%) or 3 (0.4%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 4 colitis. Immune-mediated hepatitis occurred in patients receiving KEYTRUDA. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis and, based on severity of liver enzyme elevations, withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA. Hypophysitis occurred in 1 (0.2%) of 550 patients, which was Grade 3 in severity. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis (including hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency). Administer corticosteroids and hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; withhold or discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 hypophysitis. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 10 (1.8%) of 550 patients, including Grade 2 (0.7%) or 3 (0.3%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 38 (6.9%) of 550 patients, including Grade 2 (5.5%) or 3 (0.2%) hypothyroidism. Thyroid disorders can occur at any time during treatment. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function (at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation) and for clinical signs and symptoms of thyroid disorders. Administer replacement hormones for hypothyroidism and manage hyperthyroidism with thionamides and beta-blockers as appropriate. Withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) for Grade 3 or 4 hyperthyroidism. Type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis, occurred in 3 (0.1%) of 2117 patients. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Administer insulin for type 1 diabetes, and withhold KEYTRUDA and administer anti-hyperglycemics in patients with severe hyperglycemia. Immune-mediated nephritis occurred in patients receiving KEYTRUDA. Monitor patients for changes in renal function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 nephritis. Other clinically important immune-mediated adverse reactions can occur. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, ensure adequate evaluation to confirm etiology or exclude other causes. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold KEYTRUDA and administer corticosteroids. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Based on limited data from clinical studies in patients whose immune-related adverse reactions could not be controlled with corticosteroid use, administration of other systemic immunosuppressants can be considered. Resume KEYTRUDA when the adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or less following corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for any Grade 3 immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant, immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% of 550 patients: rash, vasculitis, hemolytic anemia, serum sickness, and myasthenia gravis. Severe and life-threatening infusion-related reactions have been reported in 3 (0.1%) of 2117 patients. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions including rigors, chills, wheezing, pruritus, flushing, rash, hypotension, hypoxemia, and fever. For Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA. Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. If used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant during treatment, apprise the patient of the potential hazard to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use highly effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab). KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 14% of 550 patients. Serious adverse reactions occurred in 38% of patients. The most frequent serious adverse reactions reported in at least 2% of patients were pleural effusion, pneumonia, dyspnea, pulmonary embolism, and pneumonitis. The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 20% of patients) were fatigue (44%), cough (29%), decreased appetite (25%), and dyspnea (23%). It is not known whether KEYTRUDA is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, instruct women to discontinue nursing during treatment with KEYTRUDA and for 4 months after the final dose. Safety and effectiveness of KEYTRUDA have not been established in pediatric patients. Our Focus on Cancer Our goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck Oncology, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 350 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck For 125 years, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) at  http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf  and Patient Information/Medication Guide for KEYTRUDA at  http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_mg.pdf . View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161008005057/en/ SOURCE: Merck Merck Media: Pamela Eisele, 267-305-3558 or Courtney Ronaldo, 908-236-1108 or Investors: Teri Loxam, 908-740-1986 or Amy Klug, 908-740-1898 Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate The Trump brand on real estate may see an upturn post election View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Realtor.com How President Trump will change the U.S. housing market View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $63.95 -1.01 (-1.55%) Volume 13.9M Open $64.08 High $64.51 Low $63.58 P/E Ratio 32.63 Div Yield 2.88 Market Cap 177.0B LatestNews
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video 'New day' in lung cancer as Merck drug shines, works with chemo Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Health News | Sun Oct 9, 2016 | 5:18am EDT 'New day' in lung cancer as Merck drug shines, works with chemo By Ben Hirschler | COPENHAGEN COPENHAGEN Merck & Co scored a double hit on Sunday with new clinical data showing its Keytruda immunotherapy offered big benefits in previously untreated lung cancer patients, either when given on its own or with chemotherapy. As a monotherapy, Keytruda halved the risk of disease progression and cut overall deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy alone in pre-selected patients whose tumors had been tested using a biomarker. And when given with two older chemotherapy drugs in non-selected patients, it was almost twice as likely to shrink tumors as chemotherapy alone. Another similar drug from Roche also demonstrated broad efficacy as a so-called second-line option in patients who had received prior treatment. "Remember this day. It's a new day for lung cancer treatment," Stefan Zimmermann of Lausanne's University Hospital told reporters at the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) congress as the results were presented. An editorial in the New England Journal of Medicine, where the Merck monotherapy results were published, said Keytruda could become "a new standard of care". The various findings suggest that treating lung cancer - the biggest cancer killer globally - with powerful new immune system-boosting medicines is going to involve more permutations than some experts originally expected. Rival drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb had tried a catch-all approach with its Opdivo drug but it failed to help previously untreated patients when given on its own in a trial that included people with low levels of a protein called PD-L1. Keytruda, as a sole agent, was targeted only at patients with high PD-L1, making them more receptive to immunotherapy. Lead researcher Martin Reck of Germany's Lung Clinic Grosshansdorf predicted that testing for the PD-L1 biomarker would now become standard "from today". U.S. regulators are expected to decide whether to approve Keytruda for first-line non-small cell lung cancer, the most common type, by Dec. 24. Merck had already said in June that Keytruda worked in the trial but the scale of the benefit was only disclosed at ESMO. COMBINATION THERAPY The second trial, mixing Keytruda with chemotherapy, was much smaller but was notable because it was the first time that a combination of immunotherapy and chemotherapy has been shown to work in a randomized Phase II study. Many experts have been skeptical about this approach and investors' expectations, up until now, have been quite low. In the event, researchers reported that Merck's combination cut the risk of disease progression or death by 47 percent compared to chemotherapy alone after 10.6 months, while 55 percent of patients saw their tumors shrink versus 29 percent. Patients in this trial were not selected by PD-L1 expression but the study did find that those with higher PD-L1 had a higher response. Roger Perlmutter, Merck's head of research, said both trials suggested Keytruda could offer a broad array of patients meaningful improvement over standard platinum-based chemotherapy, which is now more than two decades old. Drugs like Keytruda and Opdivo work by taking the brakes off the immune system and allowing the body's natural killer cells to home in on tumors. They are expected to sell tens of billions of dollars in the years ahead, with lung cancer the largest market. Up until now, Bristol has dominated the field but investors have started to shift their bets, with forecasts for Opdivo declining while those for Keytruda have risen. The current consensus forecast among analysts is for Keytruda sales to reach $8 billion in 2021, with Opdivo selling $10.5 billion, according to Thomson Reuters data. Results of Bristol's failed Opdivo trial, which included patients with tumors testing only 5 percent or higher for PD-L1 against the 50 percent cut-off used by Merck, were also presented at ESMO. These showed progression-free survival was 4.2 months with Opdivo and 5.9 months with chemotherapy, although the difference was not statistically significant. Overall survival was 14.4 months with Opdivo versus 13.2 months. The failure of Opdivo to work for "all comers" in lung cancer was first announced in August, without any details. It was a major setback for Bristol, wiping out around a quarter of the company's market value, and it has caused investors to rethink prospects for immunotherapy treatments. Many now believe that combination therapy is the way ahead, with Bristol and AstraZeneca working primarily on using two immunotherapies together, while Roche and Merck look at adding chemotherapy. (Reporting by Ben Hirschler; Editing by Stephen Powell and Susan Fenton) Next In Health News New bird flu outbreaks reported in Germany and Switzerland VIENNA Germany and Switzerland reported new outbreaks of a severe strain of bird flu on Saturday in the latest in a series of cases across Europe. U.S. consumers will want Trump, Congress to take on drug prices LOS ANGELES/WASHINGTON Americans' growing alarm over rising prescription drug costs will pressure a new U.S. administration and Congress to take action on pharmaceutical pricing, industry executives and healthcare experts say. Stressed out over Trump victory? Try cleaning out your freezer NEW YORK Clean out your freezer, try a manicure-pedicure and stay off social media. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Unexploded bombs in Laos Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy


  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Merck drug shines in lung cancer and also works with chemo By Reuters Published: 02:19 EST, 9 October 2016 | Updated: 02:19 EST, 9 October 2016 e-mail By Ben Hirschler COPENHAGEN, Oct 9 (Reuters) - Merck & Co scored a double hit on Sunday with new clinical data showing its Keytruda immunotherapy offered big benefits in previously untreated lung cancer patients, either when given on its own or with chemotherapy. As a monotherapy, Keytruda halved the risk of disease progression and cut overall deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy alone in pre-selected patients whose tumours had been tested using a biomarker. In contrast to rival Bristol-Myers Squibb, whose Opdivo drug failed to help such first-line patients, Keytruda was targeted at people who express high levels of a protein called PD-L1, which makes them more receptive to immunotherapy. U.S. regulators are expected to decide whether to approve Keytruda for first-line non-small cell lung cancer, the most common type, by Dec. 24. Merck had already said in June that Keytruda worked in the trial but the scale of the benefit was only disclosed at the annual European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) congress. The second trial, mixing Keytruda with chemotherapy, was much smaller but was notable because it was the first time that a combination of immunotherapy and chemotherapy has been shown to work in a randomised Phase II study. Many experts have been sceptical about this approach and investors' expectations, up until now, have been quite low. In the event, researchers reported that Merck's combination cut the risk of disease progression or death by 47 percent compared to chemotherapy alone after 10.6 months, while 55 percent of patients saw their tumours shrink versus 29 percent. Patients in this trial were not selected by PD-L1 expression but the study did find that those with higher PD-L1 had a higher response. Roger Perlmutter, Merck's head of research, said both trials suggested Keytruda could offer a broad array of patients meaningful improvement over standard platinum-based chemotherapy, which is now more than two decades old. Drugs like Keytruda and Opdivo work by taking the brakes off the immune system and allowing the body's natural killer cells to home in on tumours. They are expected to sell tens of billions of dollars in the years ahead, with lung cancer, the biggest cancer killer globally, viewed as the largest market. Results of Bristol's failed Opdivo trial, which included patients with tumours testing only 5 percent or higher for PD-L1 against the 50 percent cut-off used by Merck, were also presented at ESMO. These showed progression-free survival was 4.2 months with Opdivo and 5.9 months with chemotherapy, although the difference was not statistically significant. Overall survival was 14.4 months with Opdivo versus 13.2 months. The failure of Opdivo to work for "all comers" in lung cancer was first announced in August, without any details. It was a major setback for Bristol, wiping out around a quarter of the company's market value, and it has caused investors to rethink prospects for immunotherapy treatments. Many now believe that combination therapy is the way ahead, with Bristol and AstraZeneca working primarily on using two immunotherapies together, while Roche and Merck look at adding chemotherapy. Results of Merck's two trials were published online in the New England Journal of Medicine and the Lancet Oncology journal. (Reporting by Ben Hirschler; Editing by Stephen Powell) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public From extreme freakshakes to crème brûlée and peanut butter cream pie: 14 of the most indulgent desserts EVER SPONSORED GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time The shower was for stylist Monica Rose A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on life-long fatherhood aspirations He called his newborn girl Dream Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London - despite claims he might introduce her to Queen Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  After his letter to press Coronation HEAT! Jane Danson and Tina O'Brien steal the spotlight in chic black dresses at the North West RTS Awards At North West awards Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Worth the wait Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Shared another sweet snap I'm A Celebrity's Sam Quek is fighting back against breast implants: Team GB hockey star says she will represent women 'with small boobs' on the show  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards  Brought some dazzle  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her enviable washboard abs in TINY white bikini as she jets off on exotic Mauritius break with boyfriend Hugo Taylor Cristiano Ronaldo takes centre stage as Portugal star poses in just his white pants for the mannequin challenge Super toned What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Showcased killer abs and fishing skills  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot The 41-year-old Don't Lie singer was in Malibu Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital in Los Angeles Ready for parenthood Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home 'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber A break from promoting Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose Shared his haul on social media Saturday night fever! Saara Aalto dazzles on X Factor disco week in 'dangerous' futuristic outfit, but Five After Midnight give her a run for her money 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Shared on Snapchat  Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves gym before posting butt shot on Instagram Looked super fit Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood with her mother on Friday night.  Now that's a recipe for success! The Great British Bake Off winner Candice Brown cuts a chic figure in elegant skater dress as she leads cookery presentation 'That will go down in Strictly history!': Judges are left speechless as Ed Balls performs his most daring routine to date with a salsa to Gangnam Style Tatt's new! Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly shows off latest inking which covers her entire thigh in raunchy underwear snap on Instagram Flower power EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  The bare cheek of it! Amanda Holden can't resist taking a sneak peak at a workman's exposed bum as she saunters through Portsmouth Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Just roll with it! Curlers-clad Chloe Khan flaunts her ample cleavage in a tight plunging dress for saucy selfie Sent her fans wild. Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The former O.C. star was unmissable in the statement piece  Megan McKenna vamps it up in ribbed LBD and racy thigh-high boots for salon launch after reuniting with beau Pete Wicks following sexting scandal Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event Tried new look alongside Billy Bob Thornton and Kathy Bates Photograph in Taylor Swift's sexual assault lawsuit against radio DJ is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image The accused is former radio DJ David Mueller  Nicola McLean dazzles in a stylish leopard print top as she cuddles up to her chihuahua at The Secret Life of Pets premiere At London DVD launch Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in LA She's sticking to a clean, organic diet Make-up free Louise Redknapp flashes a bright white smile as she parks her £90k Mercedes in a permit only bay on her way to Strictly rehearsals Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Katherine Heigl shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Announced back in June Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Making a name for herself in her own right Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Dishing about their work for the TV series 'I didn't think I could love him any more': Vicky Pattison reignites romance rumours with best friend Alex Cannon as she shares sweet snap  Kerry Katona shows off daughter Molly's hidden talents as she tweets Simon Cowell a clip of the talented teenager performing  Musical parents Martine McCutcheon looks effortlessly chic in a black faux fur coat as she cuddles up to husband Jack McManus and their pet pooch Happily loved-up EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Is Pink secretly pregnant? Singer sparks baby rumours as she emerges after months out of the spotlight looking radiant in flowing dress Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey He broke down on the side of the roadside Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York The  21-year-old was spotted all bundled up Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle She also starred in Man of La Mancha in 1972 Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned £11 MILLION in one year' through endorsemens Retirement deal Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars Stunning appearance 'Surely she has to go now!': Angry X Factor fans demand Honey G gets the boot after revealing she was addicted to Class A drugs Imogen Thomas slips her gorgeous figure into casually chic roll neck and leather leggings as she poses up a storm at Secret Life of Pets premiere 'It will be used a number of times throughout the series': Producers 'build secret sex cave' in push for jungle romance on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Busty Chloe Goodman showcases her womanly curves in lace-up swimsuit as she embarks on a raunchy beach photoshoot in Mykonos She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress Oh beehive! Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym Exercising her curvaceous figure 'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Kaia has already caught the modeling bug Robbie Williams blows kisses to devoted fans during radio interview in Milan... after scoring his TWELFTH number one Happy man 'They are very much an item': Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Incredibly elegant Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon The actress, 31, wed in 2014 Doctor Who's Pearl Mackie holds a concerned gaze while filming scenes for upcoming series in eerie woodland in Cardiff Taking tips from Myleene? Carol Vorderman, 55, flaunts her youthful figure and ample cleavage in a sexy white swimsuit ahead of I'm A Celebrity 'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Battle of the boobs! Isla Fisher and January Jones unleash the cleavage at Nocturnal Animals premiere in LA  Like Nocturnal Animals - they came out at night Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner in London after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' 'I did cocaine, pills and magic mushrooms': X Factor's Honey G admits she was addicted to Class A drugs after string of personal issues I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Accused of having an eating disorder last year Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Sartorial flair Perrie Edwards stuns in EXTREMELY ripped jeans as she arrives at Sydney Airport with Little Mix to promote their new album Glory Days 'I trust her with all of my heart': Lewis Bloor puts his faith in Marnie Simpson as she prepares to film Geordie Shore... while she predicts the series will be 'eventful' 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee Daisy Lowe displays her leggy model figure in super-short dress and grungy biker jacket as she makes her way to Strictly filming Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA No Bad Blood here! Taylor Swift 'is writing songs about exes Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston'... but will focus on their 'friendly' breakups Home And Away's Pia Miller flaunts her slim frame and flawless make-up free complexion in backless swimsuit for romantic trip with Tyson Mullane Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Understated style Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA 'Already starting to fall in love with Sydney': Bachelor's Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon strip down to black bikinis to soak up the sun at the beach White hot! Cobie Smulders flashes her long stems in monochrome ensemble at the Moves Power Women gala in NYC 'He can't do manly or strong': Ed Balls' Strictly dance partner Katya Jones reveals the politician has embraced his 'inner camp' Shine bright! Nicole Kidman glistens as she floats down the red carpet in angelic white for the LA premiere of Lion   Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip She's not shy Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles Natural beauty Chanelle Hayes parades her curves in a barely-there glitzy bikini as she puts on a VERY amorous display with boyfriend Ryan Oates in Ibiza Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  All dressed up Amber Rose keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she visits Blac Chyna again... and even brings son Sebastian along to meet new baby Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip Rolling in deep space! Adele gets private tour of NASA headquarters from astronaut who presented her Brit Award  Behind-the-scenes tour That's a wrap! Jorgie Porter channels winter chic in sweater dress, shearling coat and over-the-knee boots for dinner date with friends  Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil Looking CAPE-tivating! Rebecca Ferguson flaunts her toned legs in dazzling play-suit as she performs at concert in Sheffield  Tracks from new album Baring all! Imogen Anthony flaunts her pert derriere and under-bust as she poses for a provocative series of photos dressed in  little more than a sheer g-string Her favourite spot! Sofia Richie wears a sports luxe look to grab a bite at her go-to eatery  Catching up with a pal Hello petal! Jennifer Garner flashes her legs in floaty skirt as she lugs vase of pretty flowers into Venice cafe Blooming lovely Chic Pixie Geldof puts on a brave face at charity fundraiser as debut album flops, selling just 197 copies in first week of release She was in good spirits Flamin' hot! Charlotte Dawson sizzles in an electric blue gilet and knee-high boots as she unveils her newly dyed ginger locks  At  salon in Liverpool  'He showed me how women should be treated and respected': Shanina Shaik takes a dig at her ex Tyson Beckford while gushing about fiancé DJ Ruckus SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Dame Joan's THREE parties in one night shows her passion for life remains undimmed  At Sir David Tang's book launch SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: What HAS happened to Kate Winslet's wonky eyebrows?  One is more arched than the other Peek-a-boo! Ashley James flashes her toned tummy in cropped sweater and baseball jacket as she heads out to her radio show Casual Meg Ryan goes incognito in a cap, sunglasses and long coat for a London shopping trip  Blended into the crowd on  Oxford Street. Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dashing as he chats his new role in J.K. Rowling's Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Taking flight! Serena Williams takes comfort to new heights as she rocks green aviator onesie at LAX Making the most of the off-season Heading to cooler climates? Kanye West bundles up in layers as catches flight out of LAX West decided to bundle up in multiple layers  'He gave me a little back massage': Eddie Redmayne reveals Fantastic Beasts co-star Colin Farrell had to comfort him before 'intense' San Diego Comic-Con appearance Ready to Seal the deal: British singer 'hunts for Sydney home with girlfriend James Packer's ex wife Erica  ahead of The Voice Australia return 'Everything shuts down around you': Devastated Michael Bublé 'will not sing again' until his son Noah, 3, overcomes liver cancer treatment  'Kisses, hugs and sex galore!': Kim Zolciak celebrates fifth anniversary with husband Kroy Biermann  Romantic message  'Look at him, the chubby little chap': Strictly judge Len Goodman pokes fun at Ed Balls's weight on TV but admits fan favourite COULD win dance show Going strong! Megan McKenna and beau Pete Wicks look loved-up as they leave spa together after reuniting on TOWIE following sexting scandal TV Penelope's £500k pit stop: The stunning home that actress Penelope Keith created from scratch - before reluctantly moving on Loves Beckside House Oh dear Ed, Strictly really IS taking it out of you! Former shadow chancellor looks pale and puffy-eyed as he walks to the shops with his MP wife Just one glance at the first picture of Brad Pitt since his split from Angelina and you can see the pain etched on his gaunt face, writes AMANDA PLATELL I'm A Celebrity... get me down from here! Ola Jordan and Carol Vorderman are suspended over 32-storey building for the show's first terrifying challenge Heidi Klum hits the runway in style as she dons patterned knit sweater and scarf after touching down at LAX The 43-year-old German was looking chic  Not your average party animal! Bindi Irwin spends time tending to a rhino... as she snubs Maxim's Hot 100 Party in Sydney after making the top ten  'Time to turn words into action!': Katy Perry donates $10k to Planned Parenthood in face of Donald Trump's looming defund  Oscar-nominated Man From U.N.C.L.E.  and Hustle star Robert Vaughn dies aged 83 surrounded by his family after brief battle with cancer Her lips are STILL sealed! Former Miss Universe Jennifer Hawkins continues to keep quiet on President-elect Donald Trump... despite other beauty queens' complaints against him She's a low-key VIP! Jet-set Renee Zellweger lugs her own bags through airport  Proved she's one of the people as she forewent special treatment Val Kilmer gasps and struggles to speak while revealing he's cancelled upcoming tour after once again denying he has throat cancer  Throwback surprise! The View brings back original co-hosts Meredith Vieira, Debbie Matenopoulos and Star Jones for 20th anniversary I do! Adrienne Bailon marries gospel singer Israel Houghton in romantic wedding  Tied the knot with the gospel singer at a ceremony in Paris Olivia Wilde holds her baby girl close as she and fiancé Jason Sudeikis enjoy a leisurely walk in NYC Daisy Josephine was born one month ago The Survivors scrub up well! Winner Kristie joins JL, Phoebe, Brooke and Flick in glamorous style at the Maxim Hottest 100 party Newly single Jemma Lucy flaunts her new jet-black hairpiece in a cleavage baring Instagram snap... a week after dumping boyfriend Stephen Bear Russell Crowe quietly lists lavish apartment he bought for $14.35 million... as he and estranged wife Danielle Spencer get closer to a divorce settlement That's a bit cheeky! X Factor star Joey Hadjia, formerly Joelle, shares VERY close-up snap of her pert derrière in lengthy 'body transformation' post 'Never give up': Lindsey Vonn reveals she badly fractured arm from crash during training... and even shares x-ray of gruesome injury Batter up! Mark-Paul Gosselaar and co-star Kylie Bunbury pose completely NUDE in sexy new photos for baseball show Pitch Fictional photoshoot  Ham you believe it? Rosie Huntington-Whiteley oozes glamour in a plunging floral dress... before cuddling up to a pig in cute snap She's enjoying California Danniella Westbrook sues Celebrity Botched Up Bodies after 'contracting blood poisoning through the TV show's dental work' Winn-ing! Harlow flaunts her model credentials in sexy tiered lace dress and pointed stilettos for awards show in Mexico Such a hot commodity 'I missed ya': Negan surprises Rick Grimes by arriving in Alexandria with Daryl in sneak peek of new The Walking Dead episode He's got a baseball bat Beach babe! Bikini-clad Hilary Duff flashes her cleavage on a tropical getaway with her beau Jason Walsh Arrived at an undisclosed paradise 'They turned out wonderfully!' Proud father Sylvester Stallone says he gives wife Jennifer Flavin 'all the credit' in raising their three daughters Hello sunshine! Hailee Steinfeld stuns in yellow sheer number as she leads stars at Nickelodeon Halo Awards Kylie kopycat strikes again! Ariel Winter follows Jenner's style by wearing Kanye tour sweatshirt as she jets out of LAX  Had an early flight 'We were both naked and had just met!' Evan Rachel Wood spills on steamy Gucci Guilty shoot with Chris Evans She says it wasn't too uncomfortable  Hold that pose! The 'mannequin challenge' hits X Factor as super-still Nicole Scherzinger works a flexible side split... but Louis Walsh breaks the sequence Patrick Dempsey and wife Jill officially call off divorce after working hard to save 15-year relationship  They have the papers to confirm reconciliation  Who knew? Shia LaBeouf reveals his tattoos of rap legends and freestyles for nearly five minutes on radio show With host Sway Calloway 'I can't believe I'm crying!' Emotional Kris Jenner sobs as she reveals her 'biggest fear' is losing a loved one On latest KUWTK promo  'We are enjoying our honeymoon!' Jinger Duggar and Jeremy Vuolo share first video after heading off on tour of Australia and New Zealand The lap of luxury! Heather Dubrow debuts new web series offering a tour of her lavish walk-in wardrobe It's not for the faint-hearted 'I'm keen to do everything he did': Robert Irwin aims to follow in late father Steve's footsteps as he's nominated for a kid's Emmy Award 'I feel like I did after 9/11': Robert De Niro shares his anger following Trump's victory  Previously said Trump is 'a punk,' and 'a pig.' 'I've had three!' Million Dollar Listing's Josh Flagg confesses to multiple nose jobs as David Parnes reveals why he went under the knife again Sizzling hot! Swimsuit model Elyse Knowles flaunts her taut torso and trim pins in a skimpy white bikini as she bids farewell to Dallas We get it, you're a model! Bachelor reject Sam Johnston can't stop posing as he flirts with Olivia Phyland after admitting he'd like to get into TV presenting 'I found it!' Real Housewives Of Sydney's Lisa Oldfield celebrates finding her missing $70,000 diamond bracelet thanks to her co-star 'I hope you enjoy the read!': Bryan Cranston surprises fan by leaving free signed copy of his book at the airport Released memoir, A Life in Parts, last month John Legend pays tribute to his 'beautiful wife and daughter' as baby Luna makes her starring debut in new music video for Love Me Now Big hair don't care! Pixie Lott channels retro glamour in pink floral mini dress and voluminous updo as she steps out in LA Left Disney HQ in LA What would Tiffany say? Busty Bachelor babe Megan Marx sidles up to mystery bearded man in BUDGIE SMUGGLERS at Maxim's Hot 100 party 'It's a myth that models don't eat': Heidi Klum, 43, sizzles in swimsuits as she reveals her body secrets She's the cover girl for SHAPE magazine 'Goodbye to all that': Robert Redford, 80, reveals intention to retire from acting...and refocus on directing Acting career began in 1960 on TV's Maverick.  Young and in love: Lovebirds Daryl Hannah and Neil Young co-ordinate in black as they jet out of LA They looked in sync in Los Angeles Looking like a Greek Goddessex! TOWIE's Frankie flaunts her slimmed-down figure in a skimpy pink bikini for idyllic Mykonos beach break 'Dynamite recordings' of Angelina Jolie 'could dent her bid to get primary custody of her six children during bitter divorce with Brad Pitt ' She's nearly freed the nipple! Braless Zilda Williams flaunts her famed bust in a VERY sheer top... before cosying up to Bachelorette contestant Sam Johnston Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
null
null

Sonntag, 13.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»MERCK & CO AKTIE»Merck Announces Longer-Term Follow-Up of Overall Survival Data for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) in Patients with Advanced Melanoma from KEYNOTE-002 Presented at ESMO 2016 Congress MERCK & CO INC 58,74  Euro -0,822 -1,38 % WKN: A0YD8Q  ISIN: US58933Y1055 Ticker-Symbol: 6MK  Frankfurt | 11.11.16 | 16:56 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BranchePharma AktienmarktDJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 58,58 59,17 12.11. 58,80 59,07 11.11. 08.10.2016 | 14:45 (15 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Merck Announces Longer-Term Follow-Up of Overall Survival Data for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) in Patients with Advanced Melanoma from KEYNOTE-002 Presented at ESMO 2016 Congress Data Comparing KEYTRUDA to Chemotherapy Shows Continued Benefit with Follow-Up Beyond 2.5 Years in Patients with Ipilimumab-Refractory Advanced Melanoma Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced findings from the final overall survival (OS) analysis from the KEYNOTE-002 study investigating the use of KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab), the company's anti-PD-1 therapy, compared to investigator-choice chemotherapy with a crossover to KEYTRUDA design, in patients with ipilimumab-refractory advanced melanoma. Results presented at the ESMO 2016 Congress, the annual meeting of the European Society for Medical Oncology, in Copenhagen include follow-up of up to 35 months for the study's co-primary endpoints of OS and progression-free survival (PFS). Data showed prolonged OS with KEYTRUDA (2 mg/kg and 10 mg/kg), with a median OS of 13.4 months and 14.7 months and a two-year OS rate of 35.9 percent and 38.2 percent, respectively, compared to a median OS of 11.0 months and a two-year OS rate of 29.7 percent with chemotherapy. "Now, with longer follow-up, we continue to show clinically meaningful outcomes with KEYTRUDA as monotherapy in these ipilimumab-refractory patients," said Dr. Roger Dansey, senior vice president, oncology late-stage development, Merck Research Laboratories. "These results provide further evidence supporting the use of KEYTRUDA as a standard of care for patients with advanced melanoma." Today, KEYTRUDA is approved for the treatment of advanced melanoma in more than 50 countries, including the United States and throughout Europe. The KEYTRUDA clinical development program includes more than 30 tumor types in more than 350 clinical studies, including more than 100 trials that combine KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) with other cancer treatments. The final analysis from KEYNOTE-002 is being presented at the ESMO 2016 Congress by Dr. Omid Hamid, director of the Melanoma Center at The Angeles Clinic and Research Institute, on Oct. 8 from 2:45 4:15 p.m. CEST (Abstract: #1107O). Additional Findings from KEYNOTE-002 KEYNOTE-002 is a multicenter, randomized, controlled phase 2 study of KEYTRUDA (2 mg/kg or 10 mg/kg every three weeks) compared to investigator's choice chemotherapy (paclitaxel plus carboplatin, paclitaxel, carboplatin, dacarbazine, or temozolomide) in patients with ipilimumab-refractory advanced melanoma (n=540). The co-primary endpoints were PFS and OS; secondary endpoints included overall response rate (ORR), duration of response, and safety. Tumor response was assessed at week 12, then every six weeks through week 48, followed by every 12 weeks thereafter as assessed by independent central review using Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v1.1. Per the study protocol, after three months, patients who experienced disease progression on the chemotherapy arm were eligible to cross over to receive KEYTRUDA. In total, 55 percent (n=98/179) of patients in the chemotherapy arm crossed over to receive KEYTRUDA monotherapy. In the final analysis, which included the 98 patients who crossed over from the chemotherapy arm to receive KEYTRUDA, the median OS was 13.4 months with KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg (95% CI, 11.0-16.4 months) and 14.7 months with KEYTRUDA 10 mg/kg (95% CI 11.3-19.5 months), compared to 11.0 months with chemotherapy (95% CI, 8.9-13.8 months) (hazard ratio: 0.86 [95% CI, 0.67-1.10; p=0.1173] and hazard ratio: 0.74 [95% CI, 0.57-0.96; p=0.0106], respectively); the two-year (24-month) OS rate was 35.9 percent and 38.2 percent with KEYTRUDA (2 mg/kg and 10 mg/kg, respectively), compared to 29.7 percent with chemotherapy. While improvements in OS between KEYTRUDA (2 mg/kg or 10 mg/kg) and chemotherapy did not meet the protocol-specified significance threshold, longer follow-up continued to show a clinically meaningful improvement in PFS, the study's co-primary endpoint, with PFS of up to 31 months in patients treated with KEYTRUDA. Median PFS was approximately three months for each of the patient groups (95% CI of 2.8-3.8 months with KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg; 95% CI of 2.8-5.2 months with KEYTRUDA 10 mg/kg; and 95% CI of 2.6-2.8 months with chemotherapy) (hazard ratio: 0.58 [95% CI, 0.46-0.73; p<0.0001] and hazard ratio: 0.47 [95% CI, 0.37-0.60; p<0.0001], respectively). The two-year PFS rate was 16.0 percent and 21.9 percent with KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) (2 mg/kg and 10 mg/kg, respectively), compared to less than one percent (0.6 percent) of patients treated with chemotherapy. ORR was 22.2 percent and 27.6 percent with KEYTRUDA (2 mg/kg and 10 mg/kg, respectively), compared to 4.5 percent with chemotherapy. At the time of analysis, 50 percent and 58 percent of patients who responded to KEYTRUDA (2 mg/kg and 10 mg/kg, respectively) were alive with no subsequent progression or anti-tumor therapy, compared to 12 percent of patients who responded to chemotherapy. With longer follow-up, adverse events have remained consistent with previously reported safety data. Treatment-related immune-mediated adverse events of Grade 3-4 were pneumonitis, colitis (10 mg/kg only), adrenal insufficiency, severe skin toxicity, hypophysitis, hepatitis, nephritis (2 mg/kg only), pancreatitis (10 mg/kg only), and myasthenia (10 mg/kg only). About Melanoma Melanoma, the most serious form of skin cancer, is characterized by the uncontrolled growth of pigment-producing cells. The incidence of melanoma has been increasing over the past four decades approximately 232,000 new cases were diagnosed worldwide in 2012. In the U.S., melanoma is one of the most common types of cancer diagnosed and is responsible for the vast majority of skin cancer deaths. In 2016, an estimated 76,380 people are expected to be diagnosed and an estimated 10,130 people are expected to die of the disease in the U.S. alone. The five-year survival rates for advanced or metastatic melanoma (Stage IV) are estimated to be 15 to 20 percent. About KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that works by increasing the ability of the body's immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. KEYTRUDA is administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks for the approved indications. KEYTRUDA for injection is supplied in a 100 mg single use vial. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) Indications and Dosing Melanoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma at a dose of 2 mg/kg every three weeks. Lung Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors express PD-L1 as determined by an FDA-approved test with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy, at a dose of 2 mg/kg every three weeks. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. An improvement in survival or disease-related symptoms has not yet been established. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. Head and Neck Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. Selected Important Safety Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) in Melanoma Immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases, occurred in patients receiving KEYTRUDA. Pneumonitis occurred in 32 (2.0%) of 1567 patients, including Grade 1 (0.8%), 2 (0.8%), and 3 (0.4%) pneumonitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. Immune-mediated colitis occurred in 31 (2%) of 1567 patients, including Grade 2 (0.5%), 3 (1.1%), and 4 (0.1%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 4 colitis. Immune-mediated hepatitis occurred in 16 (1%) of 1567 patients, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.7%), and 4 (0.1%) hepatitis. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis and, based on severity of liver enzyme elevations, withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA. Hypophysitis occurred in 13 (0.8%) of 1567 patients, including Grade 2 (0.3%), 3 (0.3%), and 4 (0.1%) hypophysitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis (including hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency). Administer corticosteroids and hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; withhold or discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 hypophysitis. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 51 (3.3%) of 1567 patients, including Grade 2 (0.6%) and 3 (0.1%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 127 (8.1%) of 1567 patients, including Grade 3 (0.1%) hypothyroidism. Thyroid disorders can occur at any time during treatment. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function (at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation) and for clinical signs and symptoms of thyroid disorders. Administer replacement hormones for hypothyroidism and manage hyperthyroidism with thionamides and beta-blockers as appropriate. Withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 hyperthyroidism. Type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis, occurred in 3 (0.1%) of 2117 patients. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Administer insulin for type 1 diabetes, and withhold KEYTRUDA and administer anti-hyperglycemics in patients with severe hyperglycemia. Immune-mediated nephritis occurred in 7 (0.4%) of 1567 patients, including Grade 2 (0.2%), 3 (0.2%), and 4 (0.1%) nephritis. Monitor patients for changes in renal function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 nephritis. Other clinically important immune-mediated adverse reactions can occur. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, ensure adequate evaluation to confirm etiology or exclude other causes. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold KEYTRUDA and administer corticosteroids. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Based on limited data from clinical studies in patients whose immune-related adverse reactions could not be controlled with corticosteroid use, administration of other systemic immunosuppressants can be considered. Resume KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) when the adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or less following corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for any Grade 3 immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant, immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% (unless otherwise indicated) of 1567 patients: arthritis (1.6%), exfoliative dermatitis, bullous pemphigoid, uveitis, myositis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, myasthenia gravis, vasculitis, pancreatitis, hemolytic anemia, and partial seizures arising in a patient with inflammatory foci in brain parenchyma. Severe and life-threatening infusion-related reactions have been reported in 3 (0.1%) of 2117 patients. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions including rigors, chills, wheezing, pruritus, flushing, rash, hypotension, hypoxemia, and fever. For Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA. Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. If used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant during treatment, apprise the patient of the potential hazard to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use highly effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of KEYTRUDA. In KEYNOTE-002, KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 12% of 357 patients; the most common (=1%) were general physical health deterioration (1%), asthenia (1%), dyspnea (1%), pneumonitis (1%), and generalized edema (1%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 14% of patients; the most common (=1%) were dyspnea (1%), diarrhea (1%), and maculopapular rash (1%). The most common adverse reactions with KEYTRUDA vs chemotherapy were fatigue (43% with KEYTRUDA), pruritus (28% vs 8%), rash (24% vs 8%), constipation (22% vs 20%), nausea (22% with KEYTRUDA), diarrhea (20% vs 20%), and decreased appetite (20% with KEYTRUDA). Corresponding incidence rates are listed for chemotherapy only for those adverse reactions that occurred at the same or lower rate than with KEYTRUDA It is not known whether KEYTRUDA is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, instruct women to discontinue nursing during treatment with KEYTRUDA and for 4 months after the final dose. Safety and effectiveness of KEYTRUDA have not been established in pediatric patients. Our Focus on Cancer Our goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck Oncology, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey from lab to clinic to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 350 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck For 125 years, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the "company") includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company's management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company's ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company's patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company's 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company's other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC's Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf and Patient Information/Medication Guide for KEYTRUDA at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_mg.pdf View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161008005027/en/ Contacts: Merck Media: Pamela Eisele, 267-305-3558 or Kim Hamilton, 908-740-1863 or Investors: Teri Loxam, 908-740-1986 or Amy Klug, 908-740-1898 © 2016 Business Wire Nachrichten zu MERCK & CO INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 03:16 1832 Asset Management L.P. Raises Stake in Merck & Co. ► Artikel lesen Fr BMS' Opdivo evens the head-and-neck cancer score with Merck's Keytruda ► Artikel lesen Fr Merck & Co. EVP Sells €5,133,090.46 in Stock ► Artikel lesen Fr Why You Should (and Shouldn't) Buy Merck ► Artikel lesen Do Merck & Co. Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart MERCK & CO INC Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % MERCK & CO INC 58,74 -1,38 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage


Latest News Dow 18,848 +39.78 +0.21% Nasdaq 5,237 +28.32 +0.54% S&P 500 2,164 -3.03 -0.14% 11/12 Updated Trump’s win is causing a surge in demand for mental health services 11/12 Updated After Trump’s win, free wedding and legal services offered in the gay community 11/12 Updated Facebook thinks a lot of people who are alive and well died today 11/12 Trump is turbocharging the stock market’s V-shaped surge 11/12 Updated Trump critic Warren Buffett says stocks will continue to rise 11/12 Trump ally, wary of Paul Ryan, fires warning shot on chief-of-staff pick 11/12 Anti-Trump Protests Continue for Fourth Day 11/12 Updated Trump is turbocharging the stock market’s V-shaped surge 11/12 Updated My husband’s bad credit score is ruining our marriage 11/12 Updated What Trump’s victory means for you and your taxes 11/12 Updated How Donald Trump’s win could affect your wallet 11/12 Updated A list of possible Trump cabinet picks that everyone has had to Google 11/12 U.S. men’s soccer team falls to Mexico in World Cup qualifying 11/12 EU ministers huddle over Donald Trump policy on Iran, Russia 11/12 Updated This week’s lesson for investors? Nothing good happens after hours 11/12 Updated Is your local Macy’s closing? Department store lays out real estate plans 11/12 Updated Nvidia stock rockets to record high following earnings shocker 11/12 ‘Mars’ and the rise of ‘premium nonfiction’ TV 11/12 Updated The one crucial question you need to ask when markets go haywire 11/12 Updated Apple, Nike and Playboy among most popular U.S. brands on Alibaba’s Singles Day Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release New KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) Data in Advanced Urothelial Cancer Demonstrate Overall Response Rate of 24 Percent in Cisplatin-Ineligible Patients By Published: Oct 8, 2016 2:15 a.m. ET Share Results from Interim Analysis of Phase 2 KEYNOTE-052 Study to be Presented at ESMO 2016 Congress and Highlighted in ESMO Press ProgramFirst Presentation of Data Investigating KEYTRUDA in the Front Line Treatment of Bladder Cancer KENILWORTH, N.J., Oct 08, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Merck MRK, -1.55% known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced positive findings from the phase 2 KEYNOTE-052 study investigating the use of KEYTRUDA [®] (pembrolizumab), the company’s anti-PD-1 therapy, in previously untreated patients with unresectable (inoperable) or metastatic urothelial cancer who are ineligible for cisplatin-based therapy. Data presented at the ESMO 2016 Congress, the annual meeting of the European Society for Medical Oncology, showed an overall response rate (ORR) of 24 percent (n=24/100) (95% CI, 16-34) in the total study population, which included patients with and without PD-L1 expression. “We have a growing body of evidence of KEYTRUDA’s activity in a range of cancers and treatment settings including the first-line treatment of patients with advanced urothelial cancer who will not tolerate cisplatin-based therapy,” said Dr. Roger Dansey, senior vice president, oncology late-stage development, Merck Research Laboratories. The KEYTRUDA clinical development program includes more than 30 tumor types in more than 350 clinical studies, including more than 100 trials that combine KEYTRUDA with other cancer treatments. Merck has the largest immuno-oncology clinical development program in bladder cancer with 27 trials involving KEYTRUDA, including four registration-enabling studies currently underway. “There have been very few advancements in the treatment of bladder cancer in the past several decades, and patients with urothelial cancer who are ineligible for cisplatin-based therapy are in significant need of new approaches to care,” said Dr. Dean F. Bajorin, study investigator and medical oncologist at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center. “These data are exciting and demonstrate the potential for an anti-PD-1 therapy, such as pembrolizumab, to address the unmet treatment need that exists today for cisplatin-ineligible patients with this type of urothelial cancer.” Findings from KEYNOTE-052 are being presented at the ESMO 2016 Congress by Dr. Arjun V. Balar, medical oncologist and assistant professor of medicine at the Perlmutter Cancer Center at NYU Langone Medical Center, on Oct. 8 from 9:30 – 9:45 a.m. CEST (abstract:# LBA32_PR) and are featured in the official ESMO press program. Additional Findings from KEYNOTE-052 KEYNOTE-052 is an open-label, phase 2 study evaluating KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) (200 mg every three weeks) monotherapy as a first-line treatment in an estimated 350 patients with unresectable (inoperable) or metastatic urothelial cancer (a type of bladder cancer) who are ineligible for cisplatin-based therapy. The primary endpoints include ORR in all patients enrolled in the study (total study population) and in patients with PD-L1 positive tumors (expression of one percent or more). Secondary endpoints include duration of response, progression-free survival (PFS), and overall survival (OS). Tumor response was measured according to RECIST (Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors) v1.1 as assessed by blinded independent central review. Findings presented at the ESMO 2016 Congress are from the planned interim analysis of the first 100 patients, which was intended to evaluate ORR and determine the PD-L1-high expression cut-point as examined by expression in tumor and immune cells. Forty-five percent of patients (n=45/100) had an ECOG (Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group) Performance Status (PS) score of two, 30 percent (n=30/100) had a PS score of one, and 24 percent (n=24/100) had a PS score of zero. In the total study population, ORR was 24 percent (n=24/100) (95% CI, 16-34) with a complete response rate of six percent (n=6/100) (95% CI, 2-13). Review of the outcomes based on PD-L1 expression showed that in patients with PD-L1 expression of less than one percent, ORR was 18 percent (n=6/33) (95% CI, 7-36) with a complete response rate of three percent (n=1/33) (95% CI, 0.1-16); in patients with PD-L1 expression greater than or equal to one percent and less than 10 percent, ORR was 15 percent (n=5/33) (95% CI, 5-32) with no complete responses; and, in patients expressing PD-L1 at levels equal to or greater than 10 percent, ORR was 37 percent (n=11/30) (95% CI, 20-56) with a complete response rate of 13 percent (n=4/30) (95% CI, 4-31). Among the 24 percent of patients in the total study population who were responding to treatment, the median duration of response had not been reached (range 1.4+ to 9.8+ months), with 83 percent of patients (n=20/24) having responses of six months or longer. The safety profile of KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) was consistent with that observed in previously reported KEYTRUDA studies. The treatment-related adverse events observed in this trial (any grade occurring in five percent or more of patients) were fatigue (n=14), pruritus (n=12), pyrexia (n=8), decreased appetite (n=7), diarrhea (n=7), rash (n=7), chills (n=6), hypothyroidism (n=6), and nausea (n=6). Grade 3-4 treatment-related adverse events observed (occurring in 2 or more patients) were fatigue (n=4), muscle spasms (n=2), decreased appetite (n=1), and diarrhea (n=1). Immune-mediated adverse events of Grade 3-4 were nephritis (n=1) and pneumonitis (n=2). Five patients discontinued due to a treatment-related adverse event; there were no treatment-related deaths. About Bladder Cancer Bladder cancer begins when cells in the urinary bladder start to grow uncontrollably. As more cancer cells develop, they can form a tumor and spread to other areas of the body. Urothelial carcinoma, the most common type of bladder cancer, starts in the urothelial cells that line the inside of the bladder. In 2012, approximately 430,000 people worldwide were diagnosed with bladder cancer and 165,000 died from the disease. The incidence of bladder cancer is elevated in North America, Europe, North Africa, the Middle East, Australia and New Zealand. About KEYTRUDA [®] (pembrolizumab) KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. KEYTRUDA is administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks for the approved indications. KEYTRUDA for injection is supplied in a 100 mg single use vial. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) Indications and Dosing Melanoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma at a dose of 2 mg/kg every three weeks. Lung Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors express PD-L1 as determined by an FDA-approved test with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy, at a dose of 2 mg/kg every three weeks. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. An improvement in survival or disease-related symptoms has not yet been established. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. Head and Neck Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. Selected Important Safety Information for KEYTRUDA [®]  (pembrolizumab) Immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases, occurred in patients receiving KEYTRUDA. Pneumonitis occurred in 32 (2.0%) of 1567 patients with melanoma, including Grade 1 (0.8%), 2 (0.8%), and 3 (0.4%) pneumonitis. Pneumonitis occurred in 19 (3.5%) of 550 patients with NSCLC, including Grade 2 (1.1%), 3 (1.3%), 4 (0.4%), or 5 (0.2%) pneumonitis and more frequently in patients with a history of asthma/chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (5.4%) or prior thoracic radiation (6.0%). Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. Immune-mediated colitis occurred in 31 (2%) of 1567 patients with melanoma, including Grade 2 (0.5%), 3 (1.1%), and 4 (0.1%) colitis. Immune-mediated colitis occurred in 4 (0.7%) of 550 patients with NSCLC, including Grade 2 (0.2%) or 3 (0.4%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 4 colitis. Immune-mediated hepatitis occurred in patients receiving KEYTRUDA. Hepatitis occurred in 16 (1%) of 1567 patients with melanoma, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.7%), and 4 (0.1%) hepatitis. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis and, based on severity of liver enzyme elevations, withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA. Hypophysitis occurred in 13 (0.8%) of 1567 patients with melanoma, including Grade 2 (0.3%), 3 (0.3%), and 4 (0.1%) hypophysitis. Hypophysitis occurred in 1 (0.2 %) of 550 patients with NSCLC, which was Grade 3 in severity. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis (including hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency). Administer corticosteroids and hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; withhold or discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 hypophysitis. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 51 (3.3%) of 1567 patients with melanoma, including Grade 2 (0.6%) and 3 (0.1%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 127 (8.1%) of 1567 patients with melanoma, including Grade 3 (0.1%) hypothyroidism. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 10 (1.8%) of 550 patients with NSCLC, including Grade 2 (0.7%) or 3 (0.3%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 38 (6.9%) of 550 patients with NSCLC, including Grade 2 (5.5%) or 3 (0.2%) hypothyroidism. New or worsening hypothyroidism occurred in 28 (14.6%) of 192 patients with HNSCC, including Grade 3 (0.5%) hypothyroidism. Thyroid disorders can occur at any time during treatment. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function (at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation) and for clinical signs and symptoms of thyroid disorders. Administer replacement hormones for hypothyroidism and manage hyperthyroidism with thionamides and beta-blockers as appropriate. Withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 hyperthyroidism. Type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis, occurred in 3 (0.1%) of 2117 patients. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Administer insulin for type 1 diabetes, and withhold KEYTRUDA and administer anti-hyperglycemics in patients with severe hyperglycemia. Immune-mediated nephritis occurred in patients receiving KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab). Nephritis occurred in 7 (0.4%) of 1567 patients with melanoma including, Grade 2 (0.2%), 3 (0.2%), and 4 (0.1%) nephritis. Monitor patients for changes in renal function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 nephritis. Other clinically important immune-mediated adverse reactions can occur. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, ensure adequate evaluation to confirm etiology or exclude other causes. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold KEYTRUDA and administer corticosteroids. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Based on limited data from clinical studies in patients whose immune-related adverse reactions could not be controlled with corticosteroid use, administration of other systemic immunosuppressants can be considered. Resume KEYTRUDA when the adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or less following corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for any Grade 3 immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant, immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% (unless otherwise indicated) of 1567 patients with melanoma: arthritis (1.6%), exfoliative dermatitis, bullous pemphigoid, uveitis, myositis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, myasthenia gravis, vasculitis, pancreatitis, hemolytic anemia, and partial seizures arising in a patient with inflammatory foci in brain parenchyma. The following clinically significant, immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% of 550 patients with NSCLC: rash, vasculitis, hemolytic anemia, serum sickness, and myasthenia gravis. Severe and life-threatening infusion-related reactions have been reported in 3 (0.1%) of 2117 patients. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions including rigors, chills, wheezing, pruritus, flushing, rash, hypotension, hypoxemia, and fever. For Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA. Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. If used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant during treatment, apprise the patient of the potential hazard to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use highly effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of KEYTRUDA. In KEYNOTE-006, KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 9% of 555 patients with advanced melanoma; adverse reactions leading to discontinuation in more than one patient were colitis (1.4%), autoimmune hepatitis (0.7%), allergic reaction (0.4%), polyneuropathy (0.4%), and cardiac failure (0.4%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) occurred in 21% of patients; the most common (greater-than or equal to 1%) was diarrhea (2.5%). The most common adverse reactions with KEYTRUDA vs ipilimumab were fatigue (28% vs 28%), diarrhea (26% with KEYTRUDA), rash (24% vs 23%), and nausea (21% with KEYTRUDA). Corresponding incidence rates are listed for ipilimumab only for those adverse reactions that occurred at the same or lower rate than with KEYTRUDA. In KEYNOTE-002, KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 12% of 357 patients with advanced melanoma; the most common (greater-than or equal to 1%) were general physical health deterioration (1%), asthenia (1%), dyspnea (1%), pneumonitis (1%), and generalized edema (1%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 14% of patients; the most common (greater-than or equal to 1%) were dyspnea (1%), diarrhea (1%), and maculopapular rash (1%). The most common adverse reactions with KEYTRUDA vs chemotherapy were fatigue (43% with KEYTRUDA), pruritus (28% vs 8%), rash (24% vs 8%), constipation (22% vs 20%), nausea (22% with KEYTRUDA), diarrhea (20% vs 20%), and decreased appetite (20% with KEYTRUDA). Corresponding incidence rates are listed for chemotherapy only for those adverse reactions that occurred at the same or lower rate than with KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 14% of 550 patients with NSCLC. Serious adverse reactions occurred in 38% of patients. The most frequent serious adverse reactions reported in at least 2% of patients were pleural effusion, pneumonia, dyspnea, pulmonary embolism, and pneumonitis. The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 20% of patients) were fatigue (44%), cough (29%), decreased appetite (25%), and dyspnea (23%). KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 17% of 192 patients with HNSCC. Serious adverse reactions occurred in 45% of patients. The most frequent serious adverse reactions reported in at least 2% of patients were pneumonia, dyspnea, confusional state, vomiting, pleural effusion, and respiratory failure. The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 20% of patients) were fatigue (46%), decreased appetite (22%), and dyspnea (20%). It is not known whether KEYTRUDA is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, instruct women to discontinue nursing during treatment with KEYTRUDA and for 4 months after the final dose. Safety and effectiveness of KEYTRUDA have not been established in pediatric patients. Our Focus on Cancer Our goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck Oncology, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 350 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck For 125 years, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf  and Patient Information/Medication Guide for KEYTRUDA at  http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_mg.pdf . View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161007005842/en/ SOURCE: Merck Merck Media: Pamela Eisele, 267-305-3558 or Kim Hamilton, 908-740-1863 or Investors: Teri Loxam, 908-740-1986 or Amy Klug, 908-740-1898 Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate The Trump brand on real estate may see an upturn post election View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Realtor.com How President Trump will change the U.S. housing market View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $63.95 -1.01 (-1.55%) Volume 13.9M Open $64.08 High $64.51 Low $63.58 P/E Ratio 32.63 Div Yield 2.88 Market Cap 177.0B LatestNews

Science BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 A new kind of drug is working better than chemotherapy in some lung cancer patients Lydia Ramsey Oct. 10, 2016, 9:48 AM 16,337 facebook linkedin twitter email print In this 2011 image, tiny beads (yellow) are used to force T-cells to divide before they are given to leukemia patients. University of Pennsylvania via Microbe World / Flickr For people with advanced forms of lung cancer, chemotherapy might not be the only — or even the best — option.  The drug, marketed as Keytruda, is one of a new set of drugs called immunotherapy. The drug targets the programmed cell death 1 (or PD-1) receptor and allows the body's own immune system go after the cancer cells. Merck, the maker of Keytruda, just finished a new trial on the drug, for patients who haven't yet been treated for advanced non-small cell lung cancer. The results are published in the New England Journal of Medicine, and were presented at the European Society for Medical Oncology conference. About a third of all these patients with non-small cell lung cancer have cells that express at least 50% of this PD-L1 protein (which relates to the PD-1 receptor the drug is targeting).  The 305 patients who took part in the trial were either assigned Keytruda or platinum-based chemotherapy. Progression-free survival — a clinical endpoint that basically means the cancer hasn't grown — was a median of 10.3 months in those who received Keytruda, while those in the chemotherapy group had a median progression-free survival of 6 months. The overall survival rate at six months for those on Keytruda was 80.2%, while it was 72% for chemotherapy. "All these data taken together really represent a sea change in the treatment of the lung cancer patient," Merck's senior vice president of clinical development, Roy Baynes told Business Insider, referring to this trial, as well as another that looked at what happens when chemotherapy is combined with immunotherapy. This is the first randomized controlled trial to show that immunotherapy is better than standard chemotherapy as a first treatment for people with this type of lung cancer, he said. Steep competition Keytruda isn't the only PD-1 drug trying to prove it works for this group of lung cancer patients. In August, Bristol-Myers Squibb, a company with a competing drug called Opdivo said its version of the study didn't hit its primary endpoint of progression-free survival in patients with at least 5% PD-L1 expression in tumors (a wider net than what Merck's was looking at). Bristol-Myers also presented data at the ESMO conference and fell short of expectations that it would at least do well in patients with high levels of PD-L1 protein. The company's stock was down 8% Monday morning, while Merck was up 2%.  Both Opdivo (nivolumab) and Keytruda (pembrolizumab) are approved for a seemingly ever-growing list of cancer types. And they're not cheap. Opdivo brought in $840 million in second-quarter sales alone, while Keytruda  made $314 million over the same time period. "It might well be that Keytruda monotherapy in high PDL1 expressers remains the go-to regimen, representing a high bar for combination therapy to cross," Bernstein analyst Tim Anderson said in a note Friday, before the full data was released. But, although there is a lot of excitement over new immunotherapies like these two, there's still a lot that needs to be figured out about how these treatments work and who will respond to them.  "Immunotherapy with checkpoint inhibitors will displace chemotherapy in yet another subset of patients with lung cancer," Dr. Bruce Johnson of the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute wrote in an editorial published Sunday in NEJM. "We await the results of long-term follow-up of large cohorts of patients who were treated with another checkpoint inhibitor, nivolumab, to see whether the initial survival data advantage in the population translates to survival of 20% or greater at 3 years and beyond." SEE ALSO: We’re still using the 'Model T' of antibiotics — here’s why that’s a problem DON'T MISS: The 10 most expensive drugs in the US NOW WATCH: A government agency is perplexed by video of a strange creature that some are comparing to the Loch Ness monster Loading video... More: BMS Merck Immunotherapy Cancer ESMO facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru A new kind of drug is working better than chemotherapy in some lung cancer patients A new kind of drug is working better than chemotherapy in some lung cancer patients For people with advanced forms of lung cancer... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Science Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Science Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Soccer star Alex Morgan on her family: 'All that you will achieve, you will owe to them.' Check out the letter from the Olympic gold-medal winner to her 7-year-old self >> Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null
null
Recent Posts Govt austerity measures top election campaigns Opposition returns to ballot divided Dissolved parliament passed highest rate of laws: Ghanem Democracy in Kuwait: shining beacon in region Ministry: Rumors on fake cancer medication ‘untrue’ Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 Categories Africa Aisha Al Zabin America Asia Basketball Business Cartoon Conspiracy Theory Cricket Crime E-Paper Editor's Desk Elections 2016 Europe Fashion Football Haider Al Mosawi Hassan Al Mosawi Health Hello 965 Kuwait Legal Clinic Lifestyle Middle East Movies & Music Nathalie Basma Noora S AlAskar Opinion Other News Other Sports Others Politics Real Fouz Rio 2016 Sports Subcontinent Technology Tennis Top Stories World Yalda Golsharifi Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Home Kuwait Elections 2016 Crime Other News Politics World Middle East Subcontinent Asia Africa America Europe Opinion Conspiracy Theory Editor’s Desk Others Business Haider Al Mosawi Sports Football Cricket Tennis Other Sports Legalese Lifestyle Movies & Music Fashion Real Fouz Aisha Al Zabin Nathalie Basma Yalda Golsharifi Hassan Al Mosawi Hello 965 Technology E-Paper About Us Contact Us Rate Card Job Vacancies ‘New day’ in lung cancer as Merck drug shines – Keytruda cuts risk of death 40% in big lung cancer study COPENHAGEN: Merck & Co scored a double hit yesterday with new clinical data showing its Keytruda immunotherapy offered big benefits in previously untreated lung cancer patients, either when given on its own or with chemotherapy. As a monotherapy, Keytruda halved the risk of disease progression and cut overall deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy alone in pre-selected patients whose tumours had been tested using a biomarker. And when given with two older chemotherapy drugs in non-selected patients, it was almost twice as likely to shrink tumours as chemotherapy alone. Another similar drug from Roche also demonstrated broad efficacy as a so-called second-line option in patients who had received prior treatment. “Remember this day. It’s a new day for lung cancer treatment,” Stefan Zimmermann of Lausanne’s University Hospital told reporters at the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) congress as the results were presented. An editorial in the New England Journal of Medicine, where the Merck monotherapy results were published, said Keytruda could become “a new standard of care”. The various findings suggest that treating lung cancer – the biggest cancer killer globally – with powerful new immune system-boosting medicines is going to involve more permutations than some experts originally expected. Rival drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb had tried a catch-all approach with its Opdivo drug but it failed to help previously untreated patients when given on its own in a trial that included people with low levels of a protein called PD-L1. Keytruda, as a sole agent, was targeted only at patients with high PD-L1, making them more receptive to immunotherapy. Lead researcher Martin Reck of Germany’s Lung Clinic Grosshansdorf predicted that testing for the PD-L1 biomarker would now become standard “from today”. US regulators are expected to decide whether to approve Keytruda for first-line non-small cell lung cancer, the most common type, by Dec. 24. Merck had already said in June that Keytruda worked in the trial but the scale of the benefit was only disclosed at ESMO. COMBINATION THERAPY The second trial, mixing Keytruda with chemotherapy, was much smaller but was notable because it was the first time that a combination of immunotherapy and chemotherapy has been shown to work in a randomised Phase II study. Many experts have been skeptical about this approach and investors’ expectations, up until now, have been quite low. In the event, researchers reported that Merck’s combination cut the risk of disease progression or death by 47 percent compared to chemotherapy alone after 10.6 months, while 55 percent of patients saw their tumours shrink versus 29 percent. Patients in this trial were not selected by PD-L1 expression but the study did find that those with higher PD-L1 had a higher response. Roger Perlmutter, Merck’s head of research, said both trials suggested Keytruda could offer a broad array of patients meaningful improvement over standard platinum-based chemotherapy, which is now more than two decades old. Drugs like Keytruda and Opdivo work by taking the brakes off the immune system and allowing the body’s natural killer cells to home in on tumors. They are expected to sell tens of billions of dollars in the years ahead, with lung cancer the largest market. Up until now, Bristol has dominated the field but investors have started to shift their bets, with forecasts for Opdivo declining while those for Keytruda have risen. The current consensus forecast among analysts is for Keytruda sales to reach $8 billion in 2021, with Opdivo selling $10.5 billion, according to Thomson Reuters data. Results of Bristol’s failed Opdivo trial, which included patients with tumours testing only 5 percent or higher for PD-L1 against the 50 percent cut-off used by Merck, were also presented at ESMO. These showed progression-free survival was 4.2 months with Opdivo and 5.9 months with chemotherapy, although the difference was not statistically significant. Overall survival was 14.4 months with Opdivo versus 13.2 months. The failure of Opdivo to work for “all comers” in lung cancer was first announced in August, without any details. It was a major setback for Bristol, wiping out around a quarter of the company’s market value, and it has caused investors to rethink prospects for immunotherapy treatments. Many now believe that combination therapy is the way ahead, with Bristol and AstraZeneca working primarily on using two immunotherapies together, while Roche and Merck look at adding chemotherapy. – Reuters Share This article was published on 09/10/2016 Most Read The tragic consequences of intolerance Indian expats caught off guard by rupee withdrawal move Prostitutes caught President-elect in White House - A symbolic start to transition of power Men dress as women to enter wedding hall Anger as millions in India run out of cash A rainforest in Kuwait?! Woman set on fire in Japan restaurant 12th Nov Sri Lanka lifts ban on foreigners buying property Business Cartoon E-Paper Health Kuwait Legal Clinic Lifestyle Opinion Sports Technology Top Stories World About Us Contact Us Rate card 2016 RSS © 2016, ↑ Kuwait Times
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Sun, Nov 13, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Health & Pharma Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Lung cancer drug fails to show advantage in clinical trial Bristol-Myers Squibb immunotherapy drug fails to beat chemotherapy in large trial Sun, Oct 9, 2016, 19:14 Updated: Sun, Oct 9, 2016, 19:56 A new drug from Bristol-Myers Squibb that turns the body into a weapon against cancer failed to beat chemotherapy in a large head-to-head clinical trial.         A new drug from Bristol-Myers Squibb that turns the body into a weapon against cancer failed to beat chemotherapy in a large head-to-head clinical trial, marking the biggest setback for the hot new field of immunotherapy. Opdivo, a type of immunotherapy known as a checkpoint inhibitor, had been tipped as a replacement for chemotherapy for patients suffering from advanced lung cancer, but a study published on Sunday showed the new medicine is inferior to the established treatment. Those taking Opdivo typically survived for just over four months before the disease worsened, whereas those who received chemotherapy went for six months before the cancer progressed, according to the trial of 541 patients. Opdivo is already approved for non small-cell lung cancer patients who have tried chemotherapy, but Bristol-Myers had hoped the medicine would usurp the poisonous cocktail to become the first drug of choice for oncologists treating newly-diagnosed patients. “We thought Opdivo could beat chemotherapy, and we have answered the question: for the broad population it is not enough,” said Fouad Namouni, oncology development head at Bristol-Myers. Hopeful Mr Namouni said he was hopeful that adding Opdivo to an older Bristol-Myers immunotherapy, Yervoy, would be more effective than chemotherapy, but a large study testing that combination is not expected to be completed until 2018. Lung cancer is the most common and deadliest form of the disease, with 535,000 patients diagnosed each year in Europe and the US, and roughly 85 per cent of cases involve non small-cell tumours. Perrigo to review options for multiple sclerosis drug Tysabri Northern Irish firm Almac plans €23m US facility expansion AstraZeneca predicts major US healthcare changes under Trump By the time most patients are diagnosed, they are already suffering from advanced disease, and roughly 95 per cent die within five years. Bristol-Myers first warned its drug had flunked the trial in August, prompting investors to wipe more than $23 billion off the value of the US pharmaceuticals group – but it did not reveal the full scale of the failure until Sunday. ADVERTISEMENT The company published the study at the annual meeting of the European Society of Medical Oncology in Copenhagen, where oncologists gathered to pore over research from pharmaceutical companies and academic institutions. Delegates at the meeting heard more positive news from Merck, another US drugmaker that has been engaged in a two-horse race with Bristol-Myers to develop checkpoint inhibitors, which work by removing brakes on the immune system so it can attack cancer. Merck published a large, late-stage study of its drug, Keytruda, which it tested in a group of patients who were selected for the trial because they were thought to be more likely to respond to the drug. These patients had tumours with very high levels of a substance known as PD-L1, a characteristic shared by somewhere between 25 and 30 per cent of all people suffering from non small-cell lung cancer. In Merck’s trial, patients taking Keytruda typically went for more than 10 months before their cancer worsened, compared with six months for those receiving chemotherapy. About 45 per cent of patients either saw their tumours disappear entirely or shrink substantially, compared with 28 per cent on chemotherapy. FDA approval Merck has submitted Keytruda for approval in untreated lung cancer patients, and the US Food and Drug Administration is expected to give the drug the green light at the end of December. The success of Merck’s trial is a vindication of the company’s embrace of an emerging field of science known as precision medicine, where drugs are targeted at smaller subgroups of patients who are most likely to benefit. Conversely, Bristol-Myers tested Opdivo in a wider pool of patients, a strategy which would have resulted in higher prescriptions and drug sales had the trial been successful. Merck published another small trial in which patients were given Keytruda and chemotherapy simultaneously, which suggested that this combination could be more effective than either single regimen. In the study of 123 people, patients who took both drugs at the same time went for 13 months without their cancer getting worse, with 55 per cent of them experiencing a remission or substantial tumour shrinkage, compared with 29 per cent for chemotherapy alone. Dr Roger Perlmutter, Merck’s top scientist, said the findings from both studies showed that immunotherapies were “becoming foundational in the way that we treat cancer”. – (Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2016)       Topics: Bristol-Myers Squibb Merck Read More Glaxo sues Pfizer Ireland over alleged patent infringement Sales at Endo jump 18.6% on demand for generic drugs Debt-laden Valeant Pharmaceuticals cuts full-year forecast Venn Life Sciences wins €2.5m clinical trials contract GSK takes case against Pfizer over meningococcal vaccine Kinesis Health Technologies raises €590,000 in funding Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Personal Finance Government raises health insurance stamp duty levy by 10% Retail & Services Irish shoppers should rise up over UK retailers’ levy Other Sports Conor McGregor makes UFC history at Madison Square Garden Health & Family Medical matters: Childhood cancer goes against a natural order Sponsored My Jaguar F-Pace: ‘I was completely blown away’ Ten things to consider when buying a new sofa Power up your company's pension plan Designed for life: Helen James on creativity and a life InSync ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Security camera firm eyes more success in Europe 14:03 Russia ‘raider attack’ case makes it to the High Court 11:00 Facebook bug ‘kills’ millions of users, even Mark Zuckerberg 10:52 Trump success has sparked major sell-off in bonds 08:00 World of finance awaits Trump presidency 07:30 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 Irish shoppers should rise up over UK retailers’ levy 2 Ireland caught up in international bond market sell-off 3 Imagine and Motorola settle €138m lawsuit 4 Over 2,000 march in Athenry in support of Apple data centre 5 ‘Overcorrection’ in house prices since financial crash 6 US tax cut targeting Irish-based firms could emerge in first 100 days 7 Ireland makes flurry of deals with Vietnam 8 Isme chief executive Mark Fielding steps down 9 AIG urges ban on whiplash claims to cut premiums 10 China’s new hardware innovation hub – a magnet for Irish start-ups Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Search executive jobs on irishtimes.com Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Sun 13/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
null
null
Toggle navigation Products All Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution Disclosure and Regulatory Filing IR/PR Newsroom Hosting (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Solutions All Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom Contact Us Sign In to Services Blog About Us About Marketwired Media Partners Marketwired News Community Builders Full site Salles des nouvelles Plus sur nous Produits Solutions Ressources Contactez Nous Se connecter Version complète du site News Room SOURCE: Dynavax Technologies October 09, 2016 07:00 ET Dynavax Presents Early Clinical Data From Lead Cancer Immunotherapy Candidate, SD-101, at ESMO Annual Congress SD-101 in Combination With Pembrolizumab Demonstrates Encouraging Clinical Activity in Advanced Melanoma BERKELEY, CA--(Marketwired - October 09, 2016) - Dynavax Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ: DVAX) announced the first presentation of findings from an ongoing Phase 1/2 study evaluating SD-101, Dynavax's intratumoral TLR9 agonist, in combination with Keytruda ® (pembrolizumab), Merck's anti-PD-1 treatment. Early results evaluating five patients with metastatic melanoma for efficacy and 16 patients for safety were reported. In patients naïve to anti-PD-1 treatment objective responses were observed in three out of four (75%) including one complete response (CR) and two partial responses (PR's). One patient with progressive disease while receiving anti-PD-1 therapy was observed to have stable disease (SD). These data were presented in a poster session on Sunday at the European Society of Medical Oncology (ESMO) Annual Congress 2016 in Copenhagen, Denmark. SD-101 in combination with pembrolizumab was well-tolerated. No dose-limiting toxicities of the combination were observed in any dose cohort, and a maximum tolerated dose (MTD) was not identified. No immune-related adverse events were reported, and the most common treatment-emergent adverse events were grade 1-2 flu-like symptoms, including fever, chills and myalgia consistent with the engagement of TLR9 and production of interferon alpha. The study also included biomarker assessments suggesting that treatment with SD-101 and pembrolizumab resulted in elevation of gene signatures consistent with an increase in immune cell types and multiple immune functions. About MEL-01 (KEYNOTE-184) The ongoing dose-escalation and expansion study of SD-101 in combination with pembrolizumab includes patients with histologically or cytologically confirmed unresectable Stage IIIc/IV melanoma. The primary endpoints of the trial are MTD and evaluation of the safety of intratumoral SD-101 in combination with pembrolizumab. In addition, the trial is evaluating response as assessed by the investigator according to RECIST v1.1, biomarker assessments and duration of response. Patients previously treated with anti-PD-1 and other immunotherapies are included. About SD-101 SD-101 is Dynavax's proprietary, second-generation, Toll-like Receptor 9 (TLR9) agonist CpG-C class oligodeoxynucleotide. SD-101 activates multiple anti-tumor activities of innate immune cells and activates plasmacytoid dendritic cells to stimulate T cells specific for antigens released from dying tumor cells. TLR9 agonists such as SD-101 enhance T and B cell responses and provide potent Type 1 interferon induction and maturation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to antigen-presenting cells. SD-101 is being evaluated in several Phase 1/2 oncology studies to assess its preliminary safety and activity. For information about SD-101 trials that are currently recruiting patients, please visit www.clinicaltrials.gov. About Dynavax Dynavax, a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, discovers and develops novel vaccines and therapeutics in the areas of infectious and inflammatory diseases and oncology. Dynavax's lead product candidates are HEPLISAV-B™, a Phase 3 investigational adult hepatitis B vaccine and SD-101, an investigational cancer immunotherapeutic currently in several Phase 1/2 studies. For more information, visit www.dynavax.com. Dynavax Forward Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking" statements, including expectations for the conduct and timing of clinical trials of SD-101. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in this press release due to the risks and uncertainties inherent in our business, including whether we can timely provide adequate clinical supplies, initiate one or more studies, enroll a sufficient number of subjects and ultimately complete any study, and whether or not Dynavax and parties with whom we are collaborating may reach any future agreement on further studies or a more extensive collaboration beyond the clinical trials contemplated under the existing agreements, as well as other risks detailed in the "Risk Factors" section of our current periodic reports with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to revise or update information herein to reflect events or circumstances in the future, even if new information becomes available. Information on Dynavax's website at www.dynavax.com is not incorporated by reference in our current periodic reports with the SEC. KEYTRUDA® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc. Contact Information Contact: Michael Ostrach Chief Financial Officer 510-665-7257 Email contact   View Desktop Version Pour voir la version complète

Sonntag, 13.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»DYNAVAX AKTIE»Dynavax Presents Early Clinical Data From Lead Cancer Immunotherapy Candidate, SD-101, at ESMO Annual Congress / SD-101 in Combination With Pembrolizumab Demonstrates Encouraging Clinical Activity in Advanced Melanoma DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 10,559  Euro +0,319 +3,12 % WKN: A12EV9  ISIN: US2681582019 Ticker-Symbol: DYF1  Stuttgart | 11.11.16 | 20:30 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheBiotechnologie AktienmarktSonstige 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 10,564 10,777 12.11. 10,545 10,80 11.11. 09.10.2016 | 13:01 (60 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Marketwired·Mehr Nachrichten von Marketwired Dynavax Presents Early Clinical Data From Lead Cancer Immunotherapy Candidate, SD-101, at ESMO Annual Congress / SD-101 in Combination With Pembrolizumab Demonstrates Encouraging Clinical Activity in Advanced Melanoma BERKELEY, CA--(Marketwired - October 09, 2016) - Dynavax Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ: DVAX) announced the first presentation of findings from an ongoing Phase 1/2 study evaluating SD-101, Dynavax's intratumoral TLR9 agonist, in combination with Keytruda ® (pembrolizumab), Merck's anti-PD-1 treatment. Early results evaluating five patients with metastatic melanoma for efficacy and 16 patients for safety were reported. In patients naïve to anti-PD-1 treatment objective responses were observed in three out of four (75%) including one complete response (CR) and two partial responses (PR's). One patient with progressive disease while receiving anti-PD-1 therapy was observed to have stable disease (SD). These data were presented in a poster session on Sunday at the European Society of Medical Oncology (ESMO) Annual Congress 2016 in Copenhagen, Denmark. SD-101 in combination with pembrolizumab was well-tolerated. No dose-limiting toxicities of the combination were observed in any dose cohort, and a maximum tolerated dose (MTD) was not identified. No immune-related adverse events were reported, and the most common treatment-emergent adverse events were grade 1-2 flu-like symptoms, including fever, chills and myalgia consistent with the engagement of TLR9 and production of interferon alpha. The study also included biomarker assessments suggesting that treatment with SD-101 and pembrolizumab resulted in elevation of gene signatures consistent with an increase in immune cell types and multiple immune functions. About MEL-01 (KEYNOTE-184) The ongoing dose-escalation and expansion study of SD-101 in combination with pembrolizumab includes patients with histologically or cytologically confirmed unresectable Stage IIIc/IV melanoma. The primary endpoints of the trial are MTD and evaluation of the safety of intratumoral SD-101 in combination with pembrolizumab. In addition, the trial is evaluating response as assessed by the investigator according to RECIST v1.1, biomarker assessments and duration of response. Patients previously treated with anti-PD-1 and other immunotherapies are included. About SD-101 SD-101 is Dynavax's proprietary, second-generation, Toll-like Receptor 9 (TLR9) agonist CpG-C class oligodeoxynucleotide. SD-101 activates multiple anti-tumor activities of innate immune cells and activates plasmacytoid dendritic cells to stimulate T cells specific for antigens released from dying tumor cells. TLR9 agonists such as SD-101 enhance T and B cell responses and provide potent Type 1 interferon induction and maturation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to antigen-presenting cells. SD-101 is being evaluated in several Phase 1/2 oncology studies to assess its preliminary safety and activity. For information about SD-101 trials that are currently recruiting patients, please visit www.clinicaltrials.gov. About Dynavax Dynavax, a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, discovers and develops novel vaccines and therapeutics in the areas of infectious and inflammatory diseases and oncology. Dynavax's lead product candidates are HEPLISAV-B', a Phase 3 investigational adult hepatitis B vaccine and SD-101, an investigational cancer immunotherapeutic currently in several Phase 1/2 studies. For more information, visit www.dynavax.com. Dynavax Forward Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking" statements, including expectations for the conduct and timing of clinical trials of SD-101. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in this press release due to the risks and uncertainties inherent in our business, including whether we can timely provide adequate clinical supplies, initiate one or more studies, enroll a sufficient number of subjects and ultimately complete any study, and whether or not Dynavax and parties with whom we are collaborating may reach any future agreement on further studies or a more extensive collaboration beyond the clinical trials contemplated under the existing agreements, as well as other risks detailed in the "Risk Factors" section of our current periodic reports with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to revise or update information herein to reflect events or circumstances in the future, even if new information becomes available. Information on Dynavax's website at www.dynavax.com is not incorporated by reference in our current periodic reports with the SEC. KEYTRUDA® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc. Contact: Michael Ostrach Chief Financial Officer 510-665-7257 Email contact © 2016 Marketwired Nachrichten zu DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Mi Dynavax (DVAX) Announces Presentation of Early Data from SD-101 Combo Phase 1b/2; ORs Noted in 80% of Patients ► Artikel lesen Mi Dynavax Presents Early Clinical Data from Lead Cancer Immunotherapy Candidate, SD-101, at Society for Melanoma Research / SD-101 in Combination with Merck's Anti-PD-1 Therapy, KEYTRUDA(R) (pembrolizumab) Shows Encouraging Preliminary Clinical Activity in BERKELEY, CA--(Marketwired - November 09, 2016) - Dynavax Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ: DVAX) announced the presentation of findings from an ongoing Phase 1b/2 study investigating... ► Artikel lesen Di Dynavax Technologies Corp. Issues Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.15 EPS ► Artikel lesen Mo DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORP - 8-K, Current Report ► Artikel lesen Mo DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORP - 10-Q, Quaterly Report ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 10,559 +3,12 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
null
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us National World US Elections Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Good News Videos Autos 'New day' in lung cancer as Merck drug shines, works with chemo By Ben Hirschler9 October 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share A branch of drugs and chemicals group Merck is pictured in central German city of Darmstadt March 7, 2012. REUTERS/Alex Domanski/File PhotoMore By Ben Hirschler COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Merck & Co scored a double hit on Sunday with new clinical data showing its Keytruda immunotherapy offered big benefits in previously untreated lung cancer patients, either when given on its own or with chemotherapy. As a monotherapy, Keytruda halved the risk of disease progression and cut overall deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy alone in pre-selected patients whose tumours had been tested using a biomarker. And when given with two older chemotherapy drugs in non-selected patients, it was almost twice as likely to shrink tumours as chemotherapy alone. Another similar drug from Roche also demonstrated broad efficacy as a so-called second-line option in patients who had received prior treatment. "Remember this day. It's a new day for lung cancer treatment," Stefan Zimmermann of Lausanne's University Hospital told reporters at the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) congress as the results were presented. An editorial in the New England Journal of Medicine, where the Merck monotherapy results were published, said Keytruda could become "a new standard of care". The various findings suggest that treating lung cancer - the biggest cancer killer globally - with powerful new immune system-boosting medicines is going to involve more permutations than some experts originally expected. Rival drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb had tried a catch-all approach with its Opdivo drug but it failed to help previously untreated patients when given on its own in a trial that included people with low levels of a protein called PD-L1. Keytruda, as a sole agent, was targeted only at patients with high PD-L1, making them more receptive to immunotherapy. Lead researcher Martin Reck of Germany's Lung Clinic Grosshansdorf predicted that testing for the PD-L1 biomarker would now become standard "from today". U.S. regulators are expected to decide whether to approve Keytruda for first-line non-small cell lung cancer, the most common type, by Dec. 24. Merck had already said in June that Keytruda worked in the trial but the scale of the benefit was only disclosed at ESMO. COMBINATION THERAPY The second trial, mixing Keytruda with chemotherapy, was much smaller but was notable because it was the first time that a combination of immunotherapy and chemotherapy has been shown to work in a randomised Phase II study. Many experts have been sceptical about this approach and investors' expectations, up until now, have been quite low. In the event, researchers reported that Merck's combination cut the risk of disease progression or death by 47 percent compared to chemotherapy alone after 10.6 months, while 55 percent of patients saw their tumours shrink versus 29 percent. Patients in this trial were not selected by PD-L1 expression but the study did find that those with higher PD-L1 had a higher response. Roger Perlmutter, Merck's head of research, said both trials suggested Keytruda could offer a broad array of patients meaningful improvement over standard platinum-based chemotherapy, which is now more than two decades old. Drugs like Keytruda and Opdivo work by taking the brakes off the immune system and allowing the body's natural killer cells to home in on tumours. They are expected to sell tens of billions of dollars in the years ahead, with lung cancer the largest market. Up until now, Bristol has dominated the field but investors have started to shift their bets, with forecasts for Opdivo declining while those for Keytruda have risen. The current consensus forecast among analysts is for Keytruda sales to reach $8 billion in 2021, with Opdivo selling $10.5 billion, according to Thomson Reuters data. Results of Bristol's failed Opdivo trial, which included patients with tumours testing only 5 percent or higher for PD-L1 against the 50 percent cut-off used by Merck, were also presented at ESMO. These showed progression-free survival was 4.2 months with Opdivo and 5.9 months with chemotherapy, although the difference was not statistically significant. Overall survival was 14.4 months with Opdivo versus 13.2 months. The failure of Opdivo to work for "all comers" in lung cancer was first announced in August, without any details. It was a major setback for Bristol, wiping out around a quarter of the company's market value, and it has caused investors to rethink prospects for immunotherapy treatments. Many now believe that combination therapy is the way ahead, with Bristol and AstraZeneca working primarily on using two immunotherapies together, while Roche and Merck look at adding chemotherapy. (Reporting by Ben Hirschler; Editing by Stephen Powell and Susan Fenton) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Anushka Sharma doesn’t consider Shah Rukh Khan as a good actor Bollywood Hungama Box Office: Shivaay inches towards the 100 crore mark after second week Bollywood Hungama Special screening of ‘Dongri Ka Raja’ | Parties & Events Bollywood Hungama OMG: Deepika Padukone Gifts Rs 40 Crore Flat To Her 'Special Man' Spotboye Watch: RSS office foundation stone being laid Ani Is Deepika Firing Her Stylist After 'Bollywood Blunder' On EMA Red Carpet? Spotboye Blast at Sufi shrine leaves 43 dead Ani Common man never comes in luxury car to withdraw Rs 4000: Amit Shah on Rahul Gandhi English Pradesh18 Comedy Nights Bachao Taaza: Here is why John Abraham walked out of Krushna Abhishek's show International Business Times His Passenger Had Only Rs 500 Notes. So This Delhi Cab Driver Did Something Noteworthy. The Better India Demonetisation woes! People face sleepless nights in unending queues outside ATMs Ani Gujarat tops list of searches for 'How to convert black money into white money' on Google International Business Times Couple stripped, paraded naked and videographed for falling in love English Pradesh18 Man held with scrapped bank notes worth over Rs 44 lakhs English Pradesh18 Over 4000 cases settled in Lok Adalat Ani TBI Food Secrets: 18 Traditional Indian Breads That You Must Absolutely Try Out The Better India Woman commits suicide 'in panic' after banknotes are withdrawn in India International Business Times Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Roche’s Tecentriq Extends Lung-Cancer Patients’ Lives in Study Naomi Kresge naomikresge October 9, 2016 — 2:15 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Lung-cancer patients who took Roche Holding AG’s new medicine Tecentriq lived about four months longer than those on chemotherapy in a study that will help position the drug to compete in the increasingly crowded field of immunotherapy.  People who got Tecentriq lived an average of just under 14 months, compared with almost 10 months for those on docetaxel chemotherapy, the Swiss drugmaker said Sunday at a meeting of the European Society for Medical Oncology in Copenhagen. Patients in the study -- most of whom were men, and had a history of smoking -- had already tried at least one other therapy unsuccessfully. Roche’s results come amid intense interest in medicines that harness the immune system to help fight lung cancer. Tecentriq would compete with recently-approved treatments from Merck & Co. and Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Both U.S. drugmakers just finished trials in a much bigger group of patients: those who are treated for the first time. Bristol’s drug failed and Merck’s succeeded in results presented alongside Roche’s at the conference on Sunday. Importantly, Tecentriq also helped patients whose immune systems didn’t already show a strong response before treatment, said Dan Chen, the Swiss drugmaker’s head of cancer immunotherapy development. Patients who already had a strong immunity responded even better to the drug, Chen said. They lived a median of more than 20 months, compared with a 8.9 months for those on chemotherapy, in the Roche-funded study. “The survival benefit that we’re seeing here is unprecedented,” Chen said in a telephone interview. “This forms the foundation of our cancer immunotherapy development. Tecentriq will be used as a single agent but also in combination in the future.” Tecentriq was approved in May for advanced bladder cancer, and Roche expects a ruling from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in lung cancer by the middle of next week. The drug may have about 2.15 billion francs ($2.19 billion) in sales in 2019, according to analyst estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Roche Holding AG Cancer Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to navigation Skip to content Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read China warns Trump against abandoning climate change deal Seven takeaways from the victory of Donald Trump Seven Donald Trump policies that could change the US Trump picks Pence to lead new transition team Democrats see silver lining in release from Clinton grip US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Seven takeaways from the victory of Donald Trump Seven Donald Trump policies that could change the US The president-elect’s policies will make America grow again Trump picks Pence to lead new transition team Democrats see silver lining in release from Clinton grip Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Silicon Valley frets over foreign worker crackdown Toblerone moves mountains to lose weight Trump and corporate America: 10 companies to watch Lego ends promotional relationship with Daily Mail Former Autonomy CFO charged with wire fraud and conspiracy Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Henry Kaufman says Trump will help kill 30-year bond rally Donald Trump and markets: six impossible things Trump rally cools at end of game-changing week for global markets Emerging market currencies fall most in 5 years Why bond yields are so low Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Seven takeaways from the victory of Donald Trump The president-elect’s policies will make America grow again Accepting the result does not mean staying calm Trump v Clinton: Why the pollsters seemed to get it wrong A test of British values Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Can business schools propel women to the C-suite? Google Daydream View VR headset The search for a better US election map Donald Trump’s scrupulously obedient acceptance speech Review — ‘Payoff’ by Dan Ariely Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Most Read Milan, Italy’s most business-focused city, looks to rival London US against the world? Trump’s America and the new global order The $88m student digs: homebuying for children of the super-rich A test of British values Why people shouldn’t snigger at Trump’s opulent $100m penthouse Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to FT.com Subscribe to read: Bristol-Myers lung cancer drug fails to meet immunotherapy hopes Already a subscriber? Sign in here Newspaper + Premium Digital $ 11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Premium Digital $ 9.75 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Standard Digital Limited Time Offer $ 4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Premium Digital Trial $ 1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Feedback Support Open in app Open in app Feedback Help Centre About Us Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition UK Edition Search the FT Search Top sections Home Show more World links World World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Show more US links US US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Show more Companies links Companies Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Show more Markets links Markets fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Show more Opinion links Opinion Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Show more Work & Careers links Work & Careers Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Show more Life & Arts links Life & Arts House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Show more Personal Finance links Personal Finance Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Return to the old FT.com Open in app Open in app
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai 'New day' in lung cancer as Merck drug shines, works with chemo By Ben Hirschler ReutersOctober 9, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share By Ben Hirschler COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Merck & Co scored a double hit on Sunday with new clinical data showing its Keytruda immunotherapy offered big benefits in previously untreated lung cancer patients, either when given on its own or with chemotherapy. As a monotherapy, Keytruda halved the risk of disease progression and cut overall deaths by 40 percent compared to chemotherapy alone in pre-selected patients whose tumors had been tested using a biomarker. And when given with two older chemotherapy drugs in non-selected patients, it was almost twice as likely to shrink tumors as chemotherapy alone. Another similar drug from Roche also demonstrated broad efficacy as a so-called second-line option in patients who had received prior treatment. "Remember this day. It's a new day for lung cancer treatment," Stefan Zimmermann of Lausanne's University Hospital told reporters at the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) congress as the results were presented. An editorial in the New England Journal of Medicine, where the Merck monotherapy results were published, said Keytruda could become "a new standard of care". The various findings suggest that treating lung cancer - the biggest cancer killer globally - with powerful new immune system-boosting medicines is going to involve more permutations than some experts originally expected. Rival drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb had tried a catch-all approach with its Opdivo drug but it failed to help previously untreated patients when given on its own in a trial that included people with low levels of a protein called PD-L1. Keytruda, as a sole agent, was targeted only at patients with high PD-L1, making them more receptive to immunotherapy. Lead researcher Martin Reck of Germany's Lung Clinic Grosshansdorf predicted that testing for the PD-L1 biomarker would now become standard "from today". U.S. regulators are expected to decide whether to approve Keytruda for first-line non-small cell lung cancer, the most common type, by Dec. 24. Merck had already said in June that Keytruda worked in the trial but the scale of the benefit was only disclosed at ESMO. COMBINATION THERAPY The second trial, mixing Keytruda with chemotherapy, was much smaller but was notable because it was the first time that a combination of immunotherapy and chemotherapy has been shown to work in a randomized Phase II study. Many experts have been skeptical about this approach and investors' expectations, up until now, have been quite low. In the event, researchers reported that Merck's combination cut the risk of disease progression or death by 47 percent compared to chemotherapy alone after 10.6 months, while 55 percent of patients saw their tumors shrink versus 29 percent. Patients in this trial were not selected by PD-L1 expression but the study did find that those with higher PD-L1 had a higher response. Roger Perlmutter, Merck's head of research, said both trials suggested Keytruda could offer a broad array of patients meaningful improvement over standard platinum-based chemotherapy, which is now more than two decades old. Drugs like Keytruda and Opdivo work by taking the brakes off the immune system and allowing the body's natural killer cells to home in on tumors. They are expected to sell tens of billions of dollars in the years ahead, with lung cancer the largest market. Up until now, Bristol has dominated the field but investors have started to shift their bets, with forecasts for Opdivo declining while those for Keytruda have risen. The current consensus forecast among analysts is for Keytruda sales to reach $8 billion in 2021, with Opdivo selling $10.5 billion, according to Thomson Reuters data. Results of Bristol's failed Opdivo trial, which included patients with tumors testing only 5 percent or higher for PD-L1 against the 50 percent cut-off used by Merck, were also presented at ESMO. These showed progression-free survival was 4.2 months with Opdivo and 5.9 months with chemotherapy, although the difference was not statistically significant. Overall survival was 14.4 months with Opdivo versus 13.2 months. The failure of Opdivo to work for "all comers" in lung cancer was first announced in August, without any details. It was a major setback for Bristol, wiping out around a quarter of the company's market value, and it has caused investors to rethink prospects for immunotherapy treatments. Many now believe that combination therapy is the way ahead, with Bristol and AstraZeneca working primarily on using two immunotherapies together, while Roche and Merck look at adding chemotherapy. (Reporting by Ben Hirschler; Editing by Stephen Powell and Susan Fenton) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Trump and his aides plan next moves as protests spread AFP Dwyane Wade looked like he nearly died from a harmless Jason Smith screen SB Nation Russell Simmons Sends Sternly-Worded Prayer to 'Old Friend' Donald Trump Complex Trump ally, wary of Paul Ryan, fires warning shot on chief-of-staff pick MarketWatch Kurt Kragthorpe: BYU, SUU get what they want out of historic meeting The Salt Lake Tribune Conor McGregor makes history with second-round KO of Eddie Alvarez at UFC 205 Yahoo Sports US This Week in Review ABC News Videos 108-year-old Cubs fan died six days after celebrating second World Series win Big League Stew Miami Marlins Jose Fernandez dies in boating accident Yahoo News Photo Staff Val Kilmer Struggles to Speak at First Public Appearance Since Denying Cancer Reports: ‘My Tongue Swelled’ People Tens of thousands protest Trump victory Yahoo News Video Jessica Biel and Justin Timberlake Show Off Incredible Beach Bods on Caribbean Vacation Entertainment Tonight Top Trump Ally Warns of 'Rebellion' Over Possible Chief of Staff Pick Good Morning America Twins' Daylight Saving Time Birth Results in Bizarre Age Twist Good Morning America Flamingos from above Yahoo News Photo Staff How Will a Trump Presidency Affect Coal Stocks? -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool The Trump Effect: Psychologists warn that children are watching Jay: Parents should be showing their kids these "protestors" and telling them that shis is what spoiled, sore losers do. They should prepare their kids to lose as well as win, that not everyone gets a trophy, and that "safe spaces" are for weak, entitled, fragile and worthless babies. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.3k Veteran Who Lost Both Legs Brings Hope to Wounded Soldiers ABC News Videos Megyn Kelly: Trump tried to influence coverage with gifts Associated Press Miesha Tate announces retirement after loss at UFC 205 Cagewriter Clinton blames FBI's Comey for her defeat in call with donors Reuters Eugene Richards’ ‘Below the Line: Living Poor in America’ Yahoo News Photo Staff 1 Simple Way Everyone Can Calm Down and Reconnect Right Now Yahoo Beauty What It's Like to Be a Hip-Hop Choreographer to the Stars ABC News Videos Lena Dunham: Don't Agonize, Organize Lenny Trump's transition team signals return to GOP establishment Associated Press Protester Shot in Portland as Anti-Trump Marches Continue in More Than 17 States for a Third Night People Photos of the day - October 14, 2016 Yahoo News Photo Staff In Opinion: Seven common myths about legal marijuana Newsweek Donald Trump, the Making of a President ABC News Videos Kim Kardashian Takes Halloween Pics With Kanye, North, and Saint in First Major Update Since Paris Robbery Entertainment Tonight Millions sign petition urging Electoral College to elect Hillary Clinton Yahoo News ‘Surprise!’ Pink Announces She’s Pregnant With Baby No. 2 People Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Print Edition Today's Paper E-PAPER Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Nawaiwaqt Group Nawaiwaqt Newspaper Waqt News TV Family Magazine Phool Magazine Nidaimillat Magazine Sunday Magazine Weekend Young Nation Articles eMag October Reign Sunday | November 13, 2016 NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Videos Editor's Picks Featured Newspaper Picks Print Edition Today's Paper E-Paper Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Connect with us   Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Youtube     Follow @the_nation   Latest Nov 13, 12:45 pm Peace Committee head survives attempt on life in Mohmand Agency Nov 13, 12:40 pm PM Nawaz, Raheel Sharif reach Gwadar port Nov 13, 12:25 pm Ch. Nisar leaves for London for medical checkup Nov 13, 11:07 am Can Trump rip up Iran deal? Easier said than done Nov 13, 11:07 am Mehbooba Mufti wants peaceful dialogue between India and Pakistan Nov 13, 10:49 am US to push ahead on climate pact before Trump takes over: Kerry Nov 13, 10:47 am Fare thee well Arthur Nayyar! Nov 13, 10:41 am Bangladesh retrieves a fifth of $81 million stolen in cyber heist   Cost of living: Life saving drug goes from $1 to $750 a pill Most companies will flake out at the thought of investing in projects that guarantee no returns. They will reason that companies are only responsible to their shareholders for profits October 10, 2016, 3:09 am SHARE : Talha Afzal Tweet Daraprim, a drug that is the de facto standard of care for treating life threatening infections went from $13.75 to $750 overnight. The drug that was initially marketed at $1 a pop in 2009 is also used by transplant and AIDS patients. Although the drug price is down to $375 now after the arrest of the controversial CEO who was responsible for price hike, it is still very expensive considering the need to be administered every day (for years). The outrageous hike that left patients devastated gives rise to one and only one question: should profit motive be the only purpose of corporate existence? Take a look at Merck and Company, a pharmaceutical company that was faced with a somewhat similar situation many years ago. The company could develop a drug that could potentially save many lives but presented little to no opportunity of earning a return on investment.  The disease, known as river blindness, was agonizing: worms curled up as noodles under the skin causing intense itching, lesions, blindness, and eventually death. Most victims however ended up committing suicide before the final stage. It affected 18 million impoverished people in Africa and Latin America. The name of the drug was Ivermectin and it was being marketed by Merck as an animal drug. It would cost the company $100 million to develop the human version of the drug. The problem was three-fold: First, the company may never be able to recoup the investment because the victims of the disease were poor. Secondly, if the drug affected humans adversely, sales of the animal version, which was a major source of revenue, would also plummet. Third, the government was getting ready to pass a law that would allow competing pharmaceuticals to copy drug formulas sooner than they previously could and market it as their own. This would intensify competition leaving Merck with slim to no chance of recouping the initial losses on the product. Did Merck have a duty to develop the product? There is no easy answer to the dichotomy but the managers thought it did. Some of them even went so far as dispensing the drug for free.  This may have looked counter-intuitive given most businesses desire profitability over philanthropy but commentators argued that Merck would benefit from the act of kindness in the longer run. Merck did what was right. But will every company? Most companies will flake out at the thought of investing in projects that guarantee no returns. They will reason that companies are only responsible to their shareholders for profits and if they keep investing in unprofitable ventures, they will soon go out of business. Unethical choices may look promising in the short run but the eventual cost to the society is large. Take energy sector for instance. The sector is not only exploiting non-renewable resources, but the carbon dioxide emission from the industry poses imminent threat to environment. The industry may look profitable apparently, but the hidden cost to the society is large. According to a 2015 report, the carbon dioxide cost to the society exceeded the profits made by the industry. That means if the government passed legislation making it mandatory for every company to fix the damage to society, not many businesses will stay profitable. Instead of mere compliance, companies should pro-actively embody social goals, and environmental welfare should form the bedrock of social responsibility. Only when every tree has been felted and the last drop of water has been poisoned will people realize they cannot survive on arbitrary profits. Tweet More by Talha Afzal Muhammad Talha Afzal is an author, blogger and entrepreneur. He can be reached at synergical@gmail.com. Follow him on Facebook RELATED NEWS November 18, 2015 i DON'T KNOW THE COST OF WALL OF CHINA BUT THE GREAT WALL OF JATI-UMRA IS GOING TO COST US$ 380 ... March 16, 2011 Heavy cost of health sector devolution October 15, 2008 Absence of health minister affecting health dept working October 20, 2011 Rural Health Centre, school admin team up for students' health MORE IN BLOGS November 13, 2016, 10:47 am Fare thee well Arthur Nayyar! November 13, 2016, 12:07 am Why Pakistan’s fashion industry needs to be socially responsible November 12, 2016, 6:37 pm The expectations from President Donald Trump November 12, 2016, 1:31 am Pakistan's unsung heroes: Ayesha Butt and her husband Ali are redefining desi cuisine like never ... Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus TODAY'S POPULAR Most Viewed | Most Commented Forwarded, as received At least 52 dead, over 100 injured in Khuzdar shrine blast Pak Navy takes over command of combined task force 151 for ... Gwadar launches CPEC trade today At least 52 dead, over 100 injured in Khuzdar shrine blast LATEST COMMENTS Eddied it is refreshing to hear positive agenda for the betterment of Pakistan's future...much better than the mullahs agenda to drag Pakistan back to the dark ages of sharia... Eddied a suicide bombing by a brainwashed child...muslims killing muslims in a muslim country...when will this stop???? kaamAdmi why my comment is pending. Pro Pakistan? thats why? ADVERTISEMENT LATEST COMMENTS Eddied it is refreshing to hear positive agenda for the betterment of Pakistan's future...much better than the mullahs agenda to drag Pakistan back to the dark ages of sharia... Eddied a suicide bombing by a brainwashed child...muslims killing muslims in a muslim country...when will this stop???? kaamAdmi why my comment is pending. Pro Pakistan? thats why? OUR CONTACT DETAILS NIPCO House, 4 Shaarey Fatima Jinnah, LAHORE (Pakistan) Tel : 092-42-6367580 Fax : 092-42-6367005 About Us Advertise Contact Us Terms & Conditions © COPYRIGHT 2016, NAWAIWAQT GROUP OF NEWSPAPERS Powered by :
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad No silver lining in failed Bristol cancer drug trial By Reuters Published: 13:33 EST, 9 October 2016 | Updated: 13:33 EST, 9 October 2016 e-mail By Ben Hirschler COPENHAGEN, Oct 9 (Reuters) - Bristol-Myers Squibb disappointed investors on Sunday as researchers detailed data for its Opdivo cancer immunotherapy, which was already known to have failed to do better than older chemotherapies in a closely watched clinical trial. Some analysts had speculated the study would at least show Opdivo worked in a subset of lung cancer patients with a biomarker that should make them more receptive to immunotherapy, but there was no sign of this. Bristol first announced the trial failure in August, since when its shares have fallen by around a quarter, but experts have been waiting eagerly to learn exactly what went wrong and see if something might be salvaged from the setback. In the event, data on Sunday showed patients actually did worse on Opdivo, surviving only 4.2 months before their disease worsened against 5.9 months for those on chemotherapy, although the difference was not statistically significant. What is more, researchers told the European Society for Medical Oncology congress that they were unable to point to any group of patients who did better in the trial, possibly due to imbalances between patients in different subsets. Bristol took a big gamble by accepting a wide range of previously untreated lung cancer patients into its trial, in contrast to Merck which succeeded in a similar study by only taking people with high levels of a protein called PD-L1. Immunotherapies like Opdivo and Merck's Keytruda work by taking the brakes off the immune system and are known to be most effective when tumour cells express lots of PD-L1. Some investors had hoped Bristol would be able to point to a clear benefit in patients whose tumours had at least 50 percent of cells producing PD-L1. However, even in this group the trial did not show a benefit. Commenting on the results, Naiyer Rizvi of Columbia University Medical Center, who was not involved in the study, said the failure to see a benefit was unexpected and hard to resolve with other clinical trials. Bristol's bad news day contrasted sharply with that of Merck, which was able to point to a double success in clinical trials using Keytruda. (Editing by Clelia Oziel) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public From extreme freakshakes to crème brûlée and peanut butter cream pie: 14 of the most indulgent desserts EVER SPONSORED GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time The shower was for stylist Monica Rose A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on life-long fatherhood aspirations He called his newborn girl Dream Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London - despite claims he might introduce her to Queen Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  After his letter to press Coronation HEAT! Jane Danson and Tina O'Brien steal the spotlight in chic black dresses at the North West RTS Awards At North West awards Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Worth the wait Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Shared another sweet snap I'm A Celebrity's Sam Quek is fighting back against breast implants: Team GB hockey star says she will represent women 'with small boobs' on the show  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards  Brought some dazzle  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her enviable washboard abs in TINY white bikini as she jets off on exotic Mauritius break with boyfriend Hugo Taylor Cristiano Ronaldo takes centre stage as Portugal star poses in just his white pants for the mannequin challenge Super toned What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Showcased killer abs and fishing skills  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot The 41-year-old Don't Lie singer was in Malibu Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital in Los Angeles Ready for parenthood Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home 'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber A break from promoting Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose Shared his haul on social media Saturday night fever! Saara Aalto dazzles on X Factor disco week in 'dangerous' futuristic outfit, but Five After Midnight give her a run for her money 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Shared on Snapchat  Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves gym before posting butt shot on Instagram Looked super fit Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood with her mother on Friday night.  Now that's a recipe for success! The Great British Bake Off winner Candice Brown cuts a chic figure in elegant skater dress as she leads cookery presentation 'That will go down in Strictly history!': Judges are left speechless as Ed Balls performs his most daring routine to date with a salsa to Gangnam Style Tatt's new! Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly shows off latest inking which covers her entire thigh in raunchy underwear snap on Instagram Flower power EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  The bare cheek of it! Amanda Holden can't resist taking a sneak peak at a workman's exposed bum as she saunters through Portsmouth Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Just roll with it! Curlers-clad Chloe Khan flaunts her ample cleavage in a tight plunging dress for saucy selfie Sent her fans wild. Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The former O.C. star was unmissable in the statement piece  Megan McKenna vamps it up in ribbed LBD and racy thigh-high boots for salon launch after reuniting with beau Pete Wicks following sexting scandal Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event Tried new look alongside Billy Bob Thornton and Kathy Bates Photograph in Taylor Swift's sexual assault lawsuit against radio DJ is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image The accused is former radio DJ David Mueller  Nicola McLean dazzles in a stylish leopard print top as she cuddles up to her chihuahua at The Secret Life of Pets premiere At London DVD launch Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in LA She's sticking to a clean, organic diet Make-up free Louise Redknapp flashes a bright white smile as she parks her £90k Mercedes in a permit only bay on her way to Strictly rehearsals Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Katherine Heigl shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Announced back in June Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Making a name for herself in her own right Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Dishing about their work for the TV series 'I didn't think I could love him any more': Vicky Pattison reignites romance rumours with best friend Alex Cannon as she shares sweet snap  Kerry Katona shows off daughter Molly's hidden talents as she tweets Simon Cowell a clip of the talented teenager performing  Musical parents Martine McCutcheon looks effortlessly chic in a black faux fur coat as she cuddles up to husband Jack McManus and their pet pooch Happily loved-up EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Is Pink secretly pregnant? Singer sparks baby rumours as she emerges after months out of the spotlight looking radiant in flowing dress Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey He broke down on the side of the roadside Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York The  21-year-old was spotted all bundled up Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle She also starred in Man of La Mancha in 1972 Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned £11 MILLION in one year' through endorsemens Retirement deal Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars Stunning appearance 'Surely she has to go now!': Angry X Factor fans demand Honey G gets the boot after revealing she was addicted to Class A drugs Imogen Thomas slips her gorgeous figure into casually chic roll neck and leather leggings as she poses up a storm at Secret Life of Pets premiere 'It will be used a number of times throughout the series': Producers 'build secret sex cave' in push for jungle romance on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Busty Chloe Goodman showcases her womanly curves in lace-up swimsuit as she embarks on a raunchy beach photoshoot in Mykonos She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress Oh beehive! Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym Exercising her curvaceous figure 'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Kaia has already caught the modeling bug Robbie Williams blows kisses to devoted fans during radio interview in Milan... after scoring his TWELFTH number one Happy man 'They are very much an item': Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Incredibly elegant Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon The actress, 31, wed in 2014 Doctor Who's Pearl Mackie holds a concerned gaze while filming scenes for upcoming series in eerie woodland in Cardiff Taking tips from Myleene? Carol Vorderman, 55, flaunts her youthful figure and ample cleavage in a sexy white swimsuit ahead of I'm A Celebrity 'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Battle of the boobs! Isla Fisher and January Jones unleash the cleavage at Nocturnal Animals premiere in LA  Like Nocturnal Animals - they came out at night Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner in London after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' 'I did cocaine, pills and magic mushrooms': X Factor's Honey G admits she was addicted to Class A drugs after string of personal issues I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Accused of having an eating disorder last year Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Sartorial flair Perrie Edwards stuns in EXTREMELY ripped jeans as she arrives at Sydney Airport with Little Mix to promote their new album Glory Days 'I trust her with all of my heart': Lewis Bloor puts his faith in Marnie Simpson as she prepares to film Geordie Shore... while she predicts the series will be 'eventful' 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee Daisy Lowe displays her leggy model figure in super-short dress and grungy biker jacket as she makes her way to Strictly filming Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA No Bad Blood here! Taylor Swift 'is writing songs about exes Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston'... but will focus on their 'friendly' breakups Home And Away's Pia Miller flaunts her slim frame and flawless make-up free complexion in backless swimsuit for romantic trip with Tyson Mullane Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Understated style Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA 'Already starting to fall in love with Sydney': Bachelor's Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon strip down to black bikinis to soak up the sun at the beach White hot! Cobie Smulders flashes her long stems in monochrome ensemble at the Moves Power Women gala in NYC 'He can't do manly or strong': Ed Balls' Strictly dance partner Katya Jones reveals the politician has embraced his 'inner camp' Shine bright! Nicole Kidman glistens as she floats down the red carpet in angelic white for the LA premiere of Lion   Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip She's not shy Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles Natural beauty Chanelle Hayes parades her curves in a barely-there glitzy bikini as she puts on a VERY amorous display with boyfriend Ryan Oates in Ibiza Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  All dressed up Amber Rose keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she visits Blac Chyna again... and even brings son Sebastian along to meet new baby Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip Rolling in deep space! Adele gets private tour of NASA headquarters from astronaut who presented her Brit Award  Behind-the-scenes tour That's a wrap! Jorgie Porter channels winter chic in sweater dress, shearling coat and over-the-knee boots for dinner date with friends  Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil Looking CAPE-tivating! Rebecca Ferguson flaunts her toned legs in dazzling play-suit as she performs at concert in Sheffield  Tracks from new album Baring all! Imogen Anthony flaunts her pert derriere and under-bust as she poses for a provocative series of photos dressed in  little more than a sheer g-string Her favourite spot! Sofia Richie wears a sports luxe look to grab a bite at her go-to eatery  Catching up with a pal Hello petal! Jennifer Garner flashes her legs in floaty skirt as she lugs vase of pretty flowers into Venice cafe Blooming lovely Chic Pixie Geldof puts on a brave face at charity fundraiser as debut album flops, selling just 197 copies in first week of release She was in good spirits Flamin' hot! Charlotte Dawson sizzles in an electric blue gilet and knee-high boots as she unveils her newly dyed ginger locks  At  salon in Liverpool  'He showed me how women should be treated and respected': Shanina Shaik takes a dig at her ex Tyson Beckford while gushing about fiancé DJ Ruckus SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Dame Joan's THREE parties in one night shows her passion for life remains undimmed  At Sir David Tang's book launch SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: What HAS happened to Kate Winslet's wonky eyebrows?  One is more arched than the other Peek-a-boo! Ashley James flashes her toned tummy in cropped sweater and baseball jacket as she heads out to her radio show Casual Meg Ryan goes incognito in a cap, sunglasses and long coat for a London shopping trip  Blended into the crowd on  Oxford Street. Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dashing as he chats his new role in J.K. Rowling's Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Taking flight! Serena Williams takes comfort to new heights as she rocks green aviator onesie at LAX Making the most of the off-season Heading to cooler climates? Kanye West bundles up in layers as catches flight out of LAX West decided to bundle up in multiple layers  'He gave me a little back massage': Eddie Redmayne reveals Fantastic Beasts co-star Colin Farrell had to comfort him before 'intense' San Diego Comic-Con appearance Ready to Seal the deal: British singer 'hunts for Sydney home with girlfriend James Packer's ex wife Erica  ahead of The Voice Australia return 'Everything shuts down around you': Devastated Michael Bublé 'will not sing again' until his son Noah, 3, overcomes liver cancer treatment  'Kisses, hugs and sex galore!': Kim Zolciak celebrates fifth anniversary with husband Kroy Biermann  Romantic message  'Look at him, the chubby little chap': Strictly judge Len Goodman pokes fun at Ed Balls's weight on TV but admits fan favourite COULD win dance show Going strong! Megan McKenna and beau Pete Wicks look loved-up as they leave spa together after reuniting on TOWIE following sexting scandal TV Penelope's £500k pit stop: The stunning home that actress Penelope Keith created from scratch - before reluctantly moving on Loves Beckside House Oh dear Ed, Strictly really IS taking it out of you! Former shadow chancellor looks pale and puffy-eyed as he walks to the shops with his MP wife Just one glance at the first picture of Brad Pitt since his split from Angelina and you can see the pain etched on his gaunt face, writes AMANDA PLATELL I'm A Celebrity... get me down from here! Ola Jordan and Carol Vorderman are suspended over 32-storey building for the show's first terrifying challenge Heidi Klum hits the runway in style as she dons patterned knit sweater and scarf after touching down at LAX The 43-year-old German was looking chic  Not your average party animal! Bindi Irwin spends time tending to a rhino... as she snubs Maxim's Hot 100 Party in Sydney after making the top ten  'Time to turn words into action!': Katy Perry donates $10k to Planned Parenthood in face of Donald Trump's looming defund  Oscar-nominated Man From U.N.C.L.E.  and Hustle star Robert Vaughn dies aged 83 surrounded by his family after brief battle with cancer Her lips are STILL sealed! Former Miss Universe Jennifer Hawkins continues to keep quiet on President-elect Donald Trump... despite other beauty queens' complaints against him She's a low-key VIP! Jet-set Renee Zellweger lugs her own bags through airport  Proved she's one of the people as she forewent special treatment Val Kilmer gasps and struggles to speak while revealing he's cancelled upcoming tour after once again denying he has throat cancer  Throwback surprise! The View brings back original co-hosts Meredith Vieira, Debbie Matenopoulos and Star Jones for 20th anniversary I do! Adrienne Bailon marries gospel singer Israel Houghton in romantic wedding  Tied the knot with the gospel singer at a ceremony in Paris Olivia Wilde holds her baby girl close as she and fiancé Jason Sudeikis enjoy a leisurely walk in NYC Daisy Josephine was born one month ago The Survivors scrub up well! Winner Kristie joins JL, Phoebe, Brooke and Flick in glamorous style at the Maxim Hottest 100 party Newly single Jemma Lucy flaunts her new jet-black hairpiece in a cleavage baring Instagram snap... a week after dumping boyfriend Stephen Bear Russell Crowe quietly lists lavish apartment he bought for $14.35 million... as he and estranged wife Danielle Spencer get closer to a divorce settlement That's a bit cheeky! X Factor star Joey Hadjia, formerly Joelle, shares VERY close-up snap of her pert derrière in lengthy 'body transformation' post 'Never give up': Lindsey Vonn reveals she badly fractured arm from crash during training... and even shares x-ray of gruesome injury Batter up! Mark-Paul Gosselaar and co-star Kylie Bunbury pose completely NUDE in sexy new photos for baseball show Pitch Fictional photoshoot  Ham you believe it? Rosie Huntington-Whiteley oozes glamour in a plunging floral dress... before cuddling up to a pig in cute snap She's enjoying California Danniella Westbrook sues Celebrity Botched Up Bodies after 'contracting blood poisoning through the TV show's dental work' Winn-ing! Harlow flaunts her model credentials in sexy tiered lace dress and pointed stilettos for awards show in Mexico Such a hot commodity 'I missed ya': Negan surprises Rick Grimes by arriving in Alexandria with Daryl in sneak peek of new The Walking Dead episode He's got a baseball bat Beach babe! Bikini-clad Hilary Duff flashes her cleavage on a tropical getaway with her beau Jason Walsh Arrived at an undisclosed paradise 'They turned out wonderfully!' Proud father Sylvester Stallone says he gives wife Jennifer Flavin 'all the credit' in raising their three daughters Hello sunshine! Hailee Steinfeld stuns in yellow sheer number as she leads stars at Nickelodeon Halo Awards Kylie kopycat strikes again! Ariel Winter follows Jenner's style by wearing Kanye tour sweatshirt as she jets out of LAX  Had an early flight 'We were both naked and had just met!' Evan Rachel Wood spills on steamy Gucci Guilty shoot with Chris Evans She says it wasn't too uncomfortable  Hold that pose! The 'mannequin challenge' hits X Factor as super-still Nicole Scherzinger works a flexible side split... but Louis Walsh breaks the sequence Patrick Dempsey and wife Jill officially call off divorce after working hard to save 15-year relationship  They have the papers to confirm reconciliation  Who knew? Shia LaBeouf reveals his tattoos of rap legends and freestyles for nearly five minutes on radio show With host Sway Calloway 'I can't believe I'm crying!' Emotional Kris Jenner sobs as she reveals her 'biggest fear' is losing a loved one On latest KUWTK promo  'We are enjoying our honeymoon!' Jinger Duggar and Jeremy Vuolo share first video after heading off on tour of Australia and New Zealand The lap of luxury! Heather Dubrow debuts new web series offering a tour of her lavish walk-in wardrobe It's not for the faint-hearted 'I'm keen to do everything he did': Robert Irwin aims to follow in late father Steve's footsteps as he's nominated for a kid's Emmy Award 'I feel like I did after 9/11': Robert De Niro shares his anger following Trump's victory  Previously said Trump is 'a punk,' and 'a pig.' 'I've had three!' Million Dollar Listing's Josh Flagg confesses to multiple nose jobs as David Parnes reveals why he went under the knife again Sizzling hot! Swimsuit model Elyse Knowles flaunts her taut torso and trim pins in a skimpy white bikini as she bids farewell to Dallas We get it, you're a model! Bachelor reject Sam Johnston can't stop posing as he flirts with Olivia Phyland after admitting he'd like to get into TV presenting 'I found it!' Real Housewives Of Sydney's Lisa Oldfield celebrates finding her missing $70,000 diamond bracelet thanks to her co-star 'I hope you enjoy the read!': Bryan Cranston surprises fan by leaving free signed copy of his book at the airport Released memoir, A Life in Parts, last month John Legend pays tribute to his 'beautiful wife and daughter' as baby Luna makes her starring debut in new music video for Love Me Now Big hair don't care! Pixie Lott channels retro glamour in pink floral mini dress and voluminous updo as she steps out in LA Left Disney HQ in LA What would Tiffany say? Busty Bachelor babe Megan Marx sidles up to mystery bearded man in BUDGIE SMUGGLERS at Maxim's Hot 100 party 'It's a myth that models don't eat': Heidi Klum, 43, sizzles in swimsuits as she reveals her body secrets She's the cover girl for SHAPE magazine 'Goodbye to all that': Robert Redford, 80, reveals intention to retire from acting...and refocus on directing Acting career began in 1960 on TV's Maverick.  Young and in love: Lovebirds Daryl Hannah and Neil Young co-ordinate in black as they jet out of LA They looked in sync in Los Angeles Looking like a Greek Goddessex! TOWIE's Frankie flaunts her slimmed-down figure in a skimpy pink bikini for idyllic Mykonos beach break 'Dynamite recordings' of Angelina Jolie 'could dent her bid to get primary custody of her six children during bitter divorce with Brad Pitt ' She's nearly freed the nipple! Braless Zilda Williams flaunts her famed bust in a VERY sheer top... before cosying up to Bachelorette contestant Sam Johnston Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site No silver lining in failed Bristol cancer drug trial News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Health No silver lining in failed Bristol cancer drug trial Bristol-Myers Squibb disappointed investors on Sunday as researchers detailed data for its Opdivo cancer immunotherapy, which was already known to have failed to do better than older chemotherapies in a closely watched clinical trial. Posted 10 Oct 2016 01:35 A trader passes by a screen displaying the tickers symbols for Bristol-Myers Squibb and Intelsat, Ltd. on the floor at the New York Stock Exchange, April 25, 2013. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid Enlarge Caption  Email More A A COPENHAGEN: Bristol-Myers Squibb disappointed investors on Sunday as researchers detailed data for its Opdivo cancer immunotherapy, which was already known to have failed to do better than older chemotherapies in a closely watched clinical trial. Some analysts had speculated the study would at least show Opdivo worked in a subset of lung cancer patients with a biomarker that should make them more receptive to immunotherapy, but there was no sign of this. Brt announced the trial failure in August, since when its shares have fallen by around a quarter, but experts have been waiting eagerly to learn exactly what went wrong and see if something might be salvaged from the setback. In the event, data on Sunday showed patients actually did worse on Opdivo, surviving only 4.2 months before their disease worsened against 5.9 months for those on chemotherapy, although the difference was not statistically significant. What is more, researchers told the European Society for Medical Oncology congress that they were unable to point to any group of patients who did better in the trial, possibly due to imbalances between patients in different subsets. Bristol took a big gamble by accepting a wide range of previously untreated lung cancer patients into its trial, in contrast to Merck which succeeded in a similar study by only taking people with high levels of a protein called PD-L1. Immunotherapies like Opdivo and Merck's Keytruda work by taking the brakes off the immune system and are known to be most effective when tumor cells express lots of PD-L1. Some investors had hoped Bristol would be able to point to a clear benefit in patients whose tumors had at least 50 percent of cells producing PD-L1. However, even in this group the trial did not show a benefit. Commenting on the results, Naiyer Rizvi of Columbia University Medical Center, who was not involved in the study, said the failure to see a benefit was unexpected and hard to resolve with other clinical trials. Bristol's bad news day contrasted sharply with that of Merck, which was able to point to a double success in clinical trials using Keytruda. (Editing by Clelia Oziel) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe AstraZeneca, Rivals Take Aim at Lung Cancer Combo Therapies Ketaki Gokhale, Naomi Kresge and Jared S. Hopkins October 9, 2016 — 12:31 PM EDT Updated on October 9, 2016 — 1:49 PM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Astra aims to be first to market with first-line combination Bristol-Myers Opdivo failure emboldens immune oncology rivals Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp For AstraZeneca Plc, when it comes to beating cancer there’s strength in numbers. The drugmaker is combining two medicines to overcome lung cancer’s defenses against an immune system attack, an approach that became more attractive after rivals’ studies showed that single-drug therapy might only work in certain patients. Now AstraZeneca is racing Roche Holding AG and Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. to be first to the market with a two-drug treatment that helps more newly-diagnosed people. “We made a deliberate choice to go right away to the combination strategy,” Mondher Mahjoubi, general manager of oncology at the AstraZeneca, said in an interview. Once seen as a laggard in immune-oncology, AstraZeneca’s fortunes got a boost in August when Bristol-Myers’s Opdivo failed an ambitious test that tried to show its effectiveness as a first-line treatment for a broad swath of patients with lung cancer. Results of single drug trials such as this one have shown that while a single treatment is effective on tumors with high levels of a biological marker called PD-L1., when levels of the biomarker are lower, a combination approach is necessary, Mahjoubi said. Backbone of Therapy The backbone of AstraZeneca’s approach is durvalumab, which blocks PD-L1, a protein “checkpoint” on some cancer cells that helps them hide from the the body’s immune system. The drugmaker is studying durvalumab in combination with another of its immune oncology drugs, tremelimumab, as a first-line treatment for patients with non-small cell lung cancer, the most common form of the disease. The company aims to file for approval for the combination in the U.S., Europe and Japan next year. “It is possible, provided that the data suppodata supports filing, that we would be first” with an approved first-line combination treatment for non-small cell lung cancer, said Sean Bohen, chief medical officer at AstraZeneca. “There is a huge unmet need, and as a result, a good market opportunity.” Lung cancer killed about 1.59 million people around the world in 2012, according to the World Health Organization, making it the leading cause of cancer deaths. It’s the biggest killer in the U.S., and there will be an estimated 224,000 cases and 158,000 deaths this year, according to the American Cancer Society. Competitors Other checkpoint inhibitors like durvalumab include Bristol-Myers’s Opdivo and Merck & Co.’s Keytruda, and have showed early promise in lung cancer. Cambridge, England-based AstraZeneca has the broadest portfolio of combinations, with 19 combinations of immune oncology medicines in its experimental pipeline, according to Bloomberg Intelligence, though all of the drugmakers are exploring combination treatments in some form or another. Bristol’s approach is similar to AstraZeneca’s: mixing two immune-oncology drugs. A combination of its Opdivo and Yervoy is in late stage trials slated to complete in early 2018. The New York-based company’s emphasis on combinations comes after the drugmaker in August failed to show Opdivo was significantly better than chemotherapy in first-line therapy. At the European Society for Medical Oncology meeting in Copenhagen on Sunday, Bristol-Myers presented more data from the trial that showed little difference in how first-line lung cancer patients did on the drug, even in those with high PD-L1 levels. That failure could disappoint doctors and investors. The results were “below expectations,” wrote John Scotti, an analyst at Evercore ISI in New York. Roche too is in late-stage trials of its immune oncology drug Tecentriq in combination with chemotherapy, and with chemotherapy and the already approved targeted therapy Avastin, as a first-line treatment in patients with lung cancer. It expects to file for regulatory approvals for the combinations in 2018. Merck presented data at the conference on Sunday from an early-stage trial of a combination of its checkpoint inhibitor Keytruda and conventional chemotherapy tested on lung cancer patients. The results showed the combination was more effective than chemotherapy as a first-line treatment, regardless of their levels of the PD-L1 biomarker. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE AstraZeneca PLC Cancer Bristol-Myers Squibb Co Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Share 239 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-12 Netflix’s ‘The Crown’ And ‘Downton Abbey’ Have A Connection Entertainment 2016-11-12 Perrie Edwards Is Using A Dating App — Zayn Malik’s Ex Looking For Love After Split With Latest Beau Luke Pasqualino Entertainment 2016-11-12 Netflix Loses Scripps Networks Interactive Contract: Say Goodbye To HGTV, Food Network, Travel Channel, And More Entertainment 2016-11-10 Things Viewers Of Netflix’s ‘The Crown’ Need To Know About Wallis Simpson In The Story Of Queen Elizabeth News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-12 Chelsea Clinton Reportedly Being ‘Groomed For Congress’ Following Hillary’s Surprising Loss News 2016-11-12 Hillary Clinton Blames FBI’s James Comey For Election Loss In Call With Top Donors News 2016-11-12 ‘Not My President’ Protests Against Donald Trump Heat Up In New York News 2016-11-12 Shocking Surveillance Footage Captures Vicious Dog Attack On Anaheim Toddler, Mother [Video] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Sports 2016-11-08 Watch India Vs. England Cricket Live Online: Start Time, Full Streaming Video From First Test Match Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-11 Veterans Day 2016: Cancer Waging War With Battleground Survivors’ Lives Health 2016-11-11 Red Squirrel Leprosy: Scientists Discover Infectious Disease Bacteria Capable Of Spreading To Humans Health 2016-11-10 Birth Control Scare: Women Urgently Scheduling Appointments To Get An IUD After Trump Election Health 2016-11-10 Soda Raises Diabetes Risk: Kick That Cola Habit To The Curb Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-12 Where And How To Find The Nintendo NES Classic Edition: A Complete Shopper’s Guide Science 2016-11-12 The ‘Mud Dragon’: New Dinosaur Fossil Was Found With The Help Of Dynamite Gaming 2016-11-12 ‘Dishonored 2’ On PC Is Eerily Similar To The ‘Batman: Arkham Knight’ Fiasco Technology 2016-11-12 Law Technology Evolution: Can It Really Help You With The Best Legal Advice? BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-12 Texans Prepare For Doomsday With Luxury Underground Bunker Complete With Golf Course BuzzWorthy 2016-11-12 Love Trumps Hate: Safety Pins And Letters of Love Sweep The Nation Post Trump Election BuzzWorthy 2016-11-12 Bataclan Reopens In Paris With Sting Headlining A Defiant Anniversary Concert Tonight BuzzWorthy 2016-11-12 Donald Trump Win Results In Suicide Hotline Calls Skyrocketing, Especially Among LGBTQ Community SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss To Increase HPV Vaccine Consent Rates, Bundle It With Routine Shots, And Stop Saying It Prevents STD, Experts Say Health Studies 239 0 0 October 9, 2016 To Increase HPV Vaccine Consent Rates, Bundle It With Routine Shots, And Stop Saying It Prevents STD, Experts Say Dawn Papple A new study published online in Pediatrics told doctors that a clinic in Denver found a clever way to increase Gardasil and other HPV vaccine coverage among teens. Doctors can make it more likely that a parent will sign off on their child receiving the human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccine by simply bundling it with routine vaccinations and not pointing out that it prevents an STD. According to the study, Hispanics, non-English speakers, and teenagers below 200 percent of the federal poverty level were most likely to receive all three doses of the HPV vaccine with the new delivery method used at the Denver clinic. Only slightly more than half of the nation’s teens are getting vaccinated against HPV, in part because it has been so controversial with social media reports like these below. These are just a few of the girls, who died from the #Gardasil vaccine. Yet the pro-vax docs keep pushing. #vaxxed pic.twitter.com/lehEfwdkyY — SaveDaddysGirl (@SaveDaddysGirl) August 7, 2016 Medical Document: A Healthy 14 Year Old Boy Dies- Gardasil #Vaxxed????https://t.co/GknT5TGCid pic.twitter.com/aVfZ3g0r0l????https://t.co/c0r4Cgm0Rf — Michael Brady (@concernedpar3nt) April 2, 2016 The vaccine has been controversial from its launch, but some doctors and parents claimed earlier this year that there is a link between the HPV vaccine and premature ovarian failure. This concern added to the list of other concerns some parents have had about giving their children Gardasil. Even parents who vaccinate on schedule have mentioned that they are nervous about the HPV vaccine. Parents have noticed controversies in other countries surrounding the HPV vaccine too. For example U.S. parents took note when news broke that a chart from Japan’s IDSC stated that “[a]s a result of discussion at a meeting of Committee on Adverse Reactions of Immunization and Vaccine Department in the Health Science Council of the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare held on June 14, 2013, it is not actively recommended at present.” Many parents erroneously thought that the vaccine was actually completely banned in Japan. In other areas of the world, media outlets, such as Irish Times, have been allowing parents who claim disastrous adverse events following Gardasil to have a platform to speak. The Guardian claims that allowing a platform for this kind of speech “risks adding to the public perception there is some genuine debate over the safety and efficacy of the vaccine when this is resoundingly not the case.” Breaking news: The Court of Talca, Chile grants the first injunction against the administration of HPV vaccines! https://t.co/e2qL45ZCp4 — SaneVax (@SaneVaxx) October 3, 2016 In 2014, Michèle Rivas, as a Member of the European Parliament, called for a moratorium on Gardasil, an HPV vaccine, among the member states. The Guardian claims such statements by lawmakers are either based in ignorance or vote-seeking. Also in 2014, Bernard Dalbergue, a former physician for Merck, told the French magazine Principes de Santé that the vaccine was not as amazing as experts were claiming. Dalbergue’s interview statements were, according to Judicial Watch, “the most disturbing inside information exposed about the vaccine.” “I predict that Gardasil will be the biggest medical scandal of all time. Because at one time we will prove by A + B that this vaccine for technical and scientific prowess it has no effect on cervical cancer and that many cases of effects undesirable that destroy lives and even kill, are there for the sole benefit of the laboratories,” Dalbergue warned in the interview with the French magazine, as translated by Google into English. Still, serious adverse events following the HPV vaccine are rare, HPV expert Dr. Diane Harper told the Huffington Post. “The rate of serious adverse events reported is 3.4/100,000 doses distributed. The current incidence rate of cervical cancer in the United States is 7/100,000 women.” A 2015 report claims that data from over a million individuals indicated that the HPV vaccine has a favorable safety profile. Never-the-less, these are just a few of the safety concerns that have caused many parents who otherwise vaccinate according to the CDC’s schedule to refuse the HPV vaccine for their children. The Guardian claims that other parents have opposed the HPV vaccine due to moral concerns. So, newer studies indicate that the vaccine might just need a new marketing plan. Why so many kids are not immunized against HPV https://t.co/bnhfL7ES8e pic.twitter.com/4tpF7sztBU — PublicSource (@PublicSourcePA) September 27, 2016 Human papillomavirus is a common sexually transmitted virus. Many types of HPV are believed to cause multiple kinds of cancers. Instead of talking about the STD, new research indicates that doctors should present it as a cancer-preventing vaccine. The most well-known cancer that has been causally linked to HPV is, of course, cervical cancer. At least 4,000 women die of cervical cancer each year in the United States. There are, of course, multiple risk factors for cervical cancer, besides simply having HPV, according to The American Cancer Society. “Several risk factors increase your chance of developing cervical cancer. Women without any of these risk factors rarely develop cervical cancer. Although these risk factors increase the odds of developing cervical cancer, many women with these risks do not develop this disease. When a woman develops cervical cancer or pre-cancerous changes, it may not be possible to say with certainty that a particular risk factor was the cause.” These risk factors include smoking, HIV or other immune system conditions, chlamydia, diets low in fruits and vegetables, being overweight, birth control pills, IUDs, being younger than 17-year-old and experiencing a full-term pregnancy, poverty, and exposure to diethylstilbestrol (DES), a hormonal drug that was prescribed between 1940 and 1971 to prevent miscarriage. In the case of DES, women whose mothers were given DES while pregnant were found to sometimes develop clear-cell adenocarcinoma of the vagina or cervix. Increasing the HPV vaccine coverage among teens is important, according to the CDC, and will save lives, the Center says. The authors of the new study out of the clinic in Denver also found that the HPV vaccine needs to be treated like any other childhood vaccine, rather than a vaccine against a sexually transmitted disease. HPV: How physicians recommend vaccine influences parents’ choices https://t.co/MyQsSBVn0l pic.twitter.com/s7TemMQ3xY — Medical News Today (@mnt) September 30, 2016 Medical Express explained that authors of the new study claim that by lumping HPV in with routine vaccinations, the Denver clinic was able to dramatically increase vaccination rates. The results were staggering: The Denver clinic achieved nearly 90 percent coverage in boys and girls, researchers report. Dr. Anna-Lisa Farmar, lead researcher and assistant professor of pediatrics at the University of Colorado in Aurora said, “The program is simple and low cost, and something that can easily be rolled out at other institutions.” Farmar said that at the clinic, they “use every visit as an opportunity to give vaccinations.” Now, all the doctors at that clinic do is treat the HPV vaccine as though it is a standard vaccine, rather than singling out the HPV vaccines when getting the legally required informed consent. Dr. Farmar says, “As a result, parents feel more confident in giving these vaccines for their child.” Michael Grosso, medical director and chief medical officer at Northwell Health’s Huntington Hospital, said that the Denver clinic’s method is “back to the future.” “It has not been common practice in primary care to have a discussion about would you like to get vaccinated.” Dr. Paul Offit of Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia said that doctors shouldn’t offer the HPV vaccine as a separate choice, according to Medical Express. He says that they should just include it in their regular vaccine schedule. He also indicated that the HPV vaccine shouldn’t be described to parents as a vaccine to prevent HPV, the sexually transmitted disease. “If parents ask about the vaccine, it should be described as a cancer-preventing vaccine.” Offit said that the vaccine would prevent 30,000 cases of cancer a year, and as many as 5,000 deaths. Offit said that kids need to be protected from the sexually transmitted disease before they become sexually active. “There’s no avoiding it. It’s a very common sexually transmitted disease,” Offit said of HPV. “The vaccine shouldn’t be an option because good health shouldn’t be an option.” [Featured Image by melvil | Wikimedia Commons | Cropped and resized | CC BY-SA 4.0] Now Watch This: Sex and Alcohol Bring People Most Happiness Study Suggests Now Read This: U.S. Army Vaccinated 75 Healthy Volunteers With Experimental Zika Vaccine, Department Of Defense Confirms Share 239 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Dawn Papple Tags: Gardasil, HPV vaccine Comments LATEST HEADLINES Evolve Fires Former WWE Announcer Joey Styles Following Donald Trump Joke Chidinma Okeke Sex Tape Scandal: Miss Anambra 2015 Claims Pageant Organizers Forced Her To Record Explicit Video Kelly Ripa Co-Host: Megyn Kelly Helps ‘Live’ Revive Ratings, Will She Replace Strahan? ‘Days Of Our Lives’: Hope Brady Not Only One Going To Prison — Marlena Evans Ends Up Behind Bars On ‘DOOL’ [Spoilers] Oklahoma City Thunder Rumors: OKC Looking To Tinker With Roster, Need To Bolster Bench Netflix’s ‘The Crown’ And ‘Downton Abbey’ Have A Connection Perrie Edwards Is Using A Dating App — Zayn Malik’s Ex Looking For Love After Split With Latest Beau Luke Pasqualino WWE Rumors: WWE Offering Deals To Two Major Indie Talents Trump’s White Rural Voters ‘Don’t Get Out Much,’ Exist In A ‘Bubble’ Unexposed To Minorities? Miranda Lambert Had ‘Open Conversation’ About Marriage, Children With Anderson East Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 221.2k 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 74.6k 0 0 Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 35.7k 0 0 KKK Of North Carolina Confirms It Will Hold Parade Honoring Electoral Victory Of Donald Trump On December 3 14.4k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 13.9k 0 0 You All Know That The Clinton Campaign Deliberately Plotted To Get Trump Nominated, Right? 11k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 10.5k 0 0 Recent Headlines Chidinma Okeke Sex Tape Scandal: Miss Anambra 2015 Claims Pageant Organizers Forced Her To Record Explicit Video 0 0 0 ‘Days Of Our Lives’: Hope Brady Not Only One Going To Prison — Marlena Evans Ends Up Behind Bars On ‘DOOL’ [Spoilers] 0 0 0 Netflix’s ‘The Crown’ And ‘Downton Abbey’ Have A Connection 2 0 0 WWE Rumors: WWE Offering Deals To Two Major Indie Talents 40 0 0 Miranda Lambert Had ‘Open Conversation’ About Marriage, Children With Anderson East 3 0 0 Miley Cyrus ‘Not Wife Material’ & Liam Hemsworth’s Money Troubles — Break Up Soon? 3 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East REGISTER LOGIN MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية Search  37 °C Dubai 13 Nov 2016 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Egypt's banks bought $1.4 bln since pound floated Motor racing-Chinese investors bid for McLaren Cairo Metro to launch $1.5 bln tender for new trains Dubai mulls a new law for affordable housing Dubai Marina was top pick in Q3 Dubai industrial realty is running hot, says DIP CEO Dubai mulls a new law for affordable housing Indonesia seeks Iran's contribution in building airports, ports Saudi Arabia sets aside $26.7 bln to settle payments Saudi energy minister in Algiers for talks Qatar Petroleum affiliate signs LNG deal with Brazil-based CELSE Iran's Persian Gulf Petrochemical's output to hike soon Egypt's banks bought $1.4 bln since pound floated Goldman Sachs considers Frankfurt move Pension industry in the GCC needs long-term reforms Islamic stocks in Qatar surge about 2% Islamic finance nears final standard for gold-based products UAE's Etihad Airways could raise $1bln in planned sukuk Zain Saudi ordered to pay rival firm millions in arbitration Omani telecom provider to roll out Internet of Things network Driverless vehicle moves to Dubai's Business Bay Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Inflation hits Saudi households' spending Oman's fiscal deficit to widen in 2016 One shot in third night of anti-Trump protests Inflation hits Saudi households' spending Oman's fiscal deficit to widen in 2016 Gulf businesses offers welcoming message to Trump Syrian army and allies advance in Aleppo Jordan's ICT initiative designed to create 150,000 jobs Museum to Yasser Arafat offers facts, leaves open questions Saudi energy minister in Algiers for talks UAE rain studies to feature at climate conference in Morocco IMF board approves Egypt's $12 bln loan agreement One shot in third night of anti-Trump protests Gulf businesses offers welcoming message to Trump Anger rising in India as banks slow to dispense cash to millions Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Emerging market weakness, lower oil may hit regional shares Saudi energy minister in Algiers for talks New measures to boost trading on Oman's bourse Emerging market weakness, lower oil may hit regional shares New measures to boost trading on Oman's bourse Dow closes up more than 200 as post-election rally continues Egypt's banks bought $1.4 bln since pound floated India: Currency crunch turns intense Dollar rides Trump rally, hovers near 3-1/2-month high vs yen Egypt tender draws few offers on day of planned protests OPEC points to even bigger 2017 oil surplus as its output jumps Gold set for first weekly drop in four, Trump policy in focus Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Zain Saudi ordered to pay rival firm millions in arbitration Dubai mulls a new law for affordable housing Kuwait's court confirms royal can run in polls Kuwait's court confirms royal can run in polls Qatar one of world's most tax-friendly jurisdictions Russia upholds LinkedIn ban over data protection fears Egypt blocks bank account of torture victims' center - lawyer Egypt says foils Muslim Brotherhood plot on eve of planned protests Illegal drone users to face prosecution in UAE Zain Saudi ordered to pay rival firm millions in arbitration Illegal internet probe in Lebanon serious and ongoing: minister Oman's Shura member suggests linking visa fee to workers' salary Absent Kuwaiti employee receives salary for 10 years Oman's Shura member suggests linking visa fee to workers' salary Oman considering ng medical insurance in private sector Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Cosmetic surgery on the rise in Oman Filmmaker Michael Moore visits Trump Tower Driverless vehicle moves to Dubai's Business Bay Cosmetic surgery on the rise in Oman Life-threatening superbug spreads globally in cystic fibrosis patients UK campaigners win appeal case over preventative HIV drug Dubai Canal sets off ripple of excitement Asserting a Muslim fashion identity Russia upholds LinkedIn ban over data protection fears Dubai Canal sets off ripple of excitement New Umrah visa fee hits some pilgrims Dubai's Natural Adventure Park to open in December Sting reopens Paris music hall on militant attack anniversary Filmmaker Michael Moore visits Trump Tower Bowie artworks fetch $30 mln in first auction round Motor racing-Chinese investors bid for McLaren Motor racing-F1 stewards rule out review of Vettel's penalty Soccer-England keep their heads to down Scotland 3-0 Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article ADIB launches further 100% capital-protected equity investment 09 October, 2016 09 October 2016 Abu Dhabi - Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank (ADIB), a leading financial institution, has launched a second Shariah compliant investment structured note for the year, which is linked to a basket of blue chip companies from diversified sectors and with overweight focus on the healthcare industry. The investment note matures in 12 months and provides 100% protection at maturity to minimize investment risk. The note is currently open for subscription until October 22, 2016 with a minimum investment requirement of USD $30,000. Customers will have the option to redeem the investment after a three-month lock-in period. Daffer Luqman, Global Head of Liabilities and Wealth Management at ADIB, said: “ADIB offers a wide variety of wealth management products and solutions to suit their specific investment strategy. This investment note offers the peace-of-mind of capital protection, while looking to take advantage of the positive growth outlook for blue chip companies with a positive business outlook . The note offers investors the opportunity to invest in an equity basket of international brands including Allergan, Cerner, Merck & Co., KDDI, and Philips. Advertisement Last month, ADIB launched an investment note linked to a basket of blue chip companies from diversified sectors with a special focus on retail. As one of the UAE’s leading banks, ADIB has been developing and delivering best-in-class solutions tailored to meet the financial needs of customers through effective financial planning and asset allocation. -Ends- About ADIB ADIB is a leading bank in the UAE with more than AED 120 billion in assets. Its 931,352 customers benefit from the third largest distribution network in the UAE with 88 branches and more than 770 ATMs. The bank also offers world-class online, mobile and phone banking services, providing clients with seamless digital access to their accounts 24 hours a day. ADIB provides retail, corporate, business, private banking and wealth management solutions. The bank was established in 1997 and its shares are traded on the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange (ADX).   In the UAE, the Bank has more than 2,300 employees and remains one of the leading banks in the recruitment, development and promotion of local talent in all the markets in which it operates. The bank has one of the highest Emiratisation ratios with more than 43 percent of the bank’s workforce being UAE Nationals. ADIB has presence in six strategic markets: Egypt, where it has 70 branches, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the United Kingdom, Sudan, Iraq and Qatar. Named “Best Bank in the UAE” by The Financial Times’ The Banker publication, ADIB has a rich track record of innovation, including introducing the award-winning Ghina savings account, award-winning co-branded cards with Etihad and Etisalat and a wide range of financing products. For media information, please visit www.adib.ae or contact: ADIB                                                                             Brunswick Group Radwa Shehab                                                                                Dominic Whiting Senior Corporate Communication Manager                               Mouaffak Haijar Direct: +971 2 6910169                                                                Direct: +971 2 234 4600   © Press Release 2016 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Bahrain's Alba appoints new manager for Calciner & Marine 10 Nov 2016 Joséphine Verine appointed COO marketing of the Lombard Odier Group 07 Nov 2016 UAE's Emaar appoints Veresh Sita as Chief Digital Officer to drive tech strategy for next era of growth 01 Nov 2016 New Independent Director Appointed to AUB Board Ahli United Bank B.S.C. has announced the appointment of Mr. David Hodgkinson, a highly experienced and qualified international banker, as an Independent Director on the Bank’s Board of Directors. 01 Nov 2016  from Action Group Former CEO Naji Skaf Joins Heidrick & Struggles as Partner In Industrial Services Practice to Expand Presence in Middle East "Naji brings with him extensive leadership and management experience in the Chemical 01 Nov 2016 CGC names new General Manager 31 Oct 2016 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2016 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Bristol drug flop opens big cancer opportunity: AstraZeneca CEO Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Health News | Sat Oct 8, 2016 | 10:51am EDT Bristol drug flop opens big cancer opportunity: AstraZeneca CEO Chief Executive of AstraZeneca Pascal Soriot smiles as he leaves a television studio at Millbank in London May 13, 2014. REUTERS/Toby Melville/File Photo By Ben Hirschler | COPENHAGEN COPENHAGEN The failure of Bristol-Myers Squibb's blockbuster Opdivo immunotherapy in previously untreated lung cancer patients has opened up the market for AstraZeneca, its chief executive believes. "Suddenly, this trial news opens quite some opportunities for us, in both monotherapy and combination therapy," Chief Executive Pascal Soriot told Reuters on Saturday, in his first comments since the Opdivo trial flop in August. Soriot is in Copenhagen for the European Society for Medical Oncology congress, where he and his team will be scouring data from competitors to determine how best to fine-tune their own clinical work to maximize its chance of success. The timing has been fortuitous for the British drugmaker, which can now take advantage of the experience of its rivals. At stake is a chunk of a hugely promising new market for cancer treatments that fight tumors by boosting the immune system. Industry analysts forecast such drugs could eventually generate annual sales of $30 billion to $40 billion, with lung cancer seen as the biggest opportunity. Much of the clinical focus is on the best way to select patients likely to benefit from the new and expensive medicines, by using biomarkers to assess their tumors. While the Opdivo trial included patients with low levels of a protein called PD-L1, a separate trial found Merck's similar drug Keytruda worked well in a much smaller group of patients expressing at least 50 percent PD-L1. That gives AstraZeneca the opportunity to steer a path between its two rivals by refining the PD-L1 benchmarks used in its own keenly awaited clinical trial, known as MYSTIC, which is expected to report results early next year. "It gives us a chance to do what BMS was trying to do, but do it in a less risky manner, by expanding the population from the 50 percent PD-L1 cut-off to a bit broader," Soriot said. AstraZeneca’s rival to Opdivo and Keytruda is durvalumab, which is being tested on its own and with another immunotherapy called tremelimumab. The British company is currently planning to look at how well its treatment fares among patients with a 25 percent PD-L1 expression level or more, but it has the flexibility to amend this. Roche also has a rival immunotherapy called Tecentriq, which has proved effective in previously treated lung cancer patients, and the fact that AstraZeneca looks like being fourth to market has been viewed negatively by many investors. Soriot argues this ignores the fact his company has the potential to leap ahead in combination therapy, which could well become the main choice for most lung cancer patients. "We're coming from a place where everybody thought we were behind and we have a very good chance to play in both the monotherapy and combination segments," Soriot said. "Even if BMS were to catch up with us in combination, there would still only be two companies with these regimens." Currently, Bristol's competing immunotherapy combination is not expected to produce clinical trial results until 2018. Furthermore, AstraZeneca has another card up its sleeve in the form of a so-called priority review voucher from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, which Soriot said could be used, if needed, to help it seek rapid approval. "Being first is definitely important," Soriot said. (Editing by Susan Thomas) Next In Health News New bird flu outbreaks reported in Germany and Switzerland VIENNA Germany and Switzerland reported new outbreaks of a severe strain of bird flu on Saturday in the latest in a series of cases across Europe. U.S. consumers will want Trump, Congress to take on drug prices LOS ANGELES/WASHINGTON Americans' growing alarm over rising prescription drug costs will pressure a new U.S. administration and Congress to take action on pharmaceutical pricing, industry executives and healthcare experts say. Stressed out over Trump victory? Try cleaning out your freezer NEW YORK Clean out your freezer, try a manicure-pedicure and stay off social media. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Unexploded bombs in Laos Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Bristol drug flop opens big cancer opportunity: AstraZeneca CEO By Ben Hirschler ReutersOctober 8, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Chief Executive of AstraZeneca Pascal Soriot smiles as he leaves a television studio at Millbank in London May 13, 2014. REUTERS/Toby Melville/File PhotoMore By Ben Hirschler COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - The failure of Bristol-Myers Squibb's blockbuster Opdivo immunotherapy in previously untreated lung cancer patients has opened up the market for AstraZeneca, its chief executive believes. "Suddenly, this trial news opens quite some opportunities for us, in both monotherapy and combination therapy," Chief Executive Pascal Soriot told Reuters on Saturday, in his first comments since the Opdivo trial flop in August. Soriot is in Copenhagen for the European Society for Medical Oncology congress, where he and his team will be scouring data from competitors to determine how best to fine-tune their own clinical work to maximize its chance of success. The timing has been fortuitous for the British drugmaker, which can now take advantage of the experience of its rivals. At stake is a chunk of a hugely promising new market for cancer treatments that fight tumors by boosting the immune system. Industry analysts forecast such drugs could eventually generate annual sales of $30 billion to $40 billion, with lung cancer seen as the biggest opportunity. Much of the clinical focus is on the best way to select patients likely to benefit from the new and expensive medicines, by using biomarkers to assess their tumors. While the Opdivo trial included patients with low levels of a protein called PD-L1, a separate trial found Merck's similar drug Keytruda worked well in a much smaller group of patients expressing at least 50 percent PD-L1. That gives AstraZeneca the opportunity to steer a path between its two rivals by refining the PD-L1 benchmarks used in its own keenly awaited clinical trial, known as MYSTIC, which is expected to report results early next year. "It gives us a chance to do what BMS was trying to do, but do it in a less risky manner, by expanding the population from the 50 percent PD-L1 cut-off to a bit broader," Soriot said. AstraZeneca’s rival to Opdivo and Keytruda is durvalumab, which is being tested on its own and with another immunotherapy called tremelimumab. The British company is currently planning to look at how well its treatment fares among patients with a 25 percent PD-L1 expression level or more, but it has the flexibility to amend this. Roche also has a rival immunotherapy called Tecentriq, which has proved effective in previously treated lung cancer patients, and the fact that AstraZeneca looks like being fourth to market has been viewed negatively by many investors. Soriot argues this ignores the fact his company has the potential to leap ahead in combination therapy, which could well become the main choice for most lung cancer patients. "We're coming from a place where everybody thought we were behind and we have a very good chance to play in both the monotherapy and combination segments," Soriot said. "Even if BMS were to catch up with us in combination, there would still only be two companies with these regimens." Currently, Bristol's competing immunotherapy combination is not expected to produce clinical trial results until 2018. Furthermore, AstraZeneca has another card up its sleeve in the form of a so-called priority review voucher from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, which Soriot said could be used, if needed, to help it seek rapid approval. "Being first is definitely important," Soriot said. (Editing by Susan Thomas) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Drug Stocks' Q3 Earnings to Watch on Nov 14: ARGS, AST Zacks Conor McGregor makes history with second-round KO of Eddie Alvarez at UFC 205 Yahoo Sports US This Week in Review ABC News Videos 108-year-old Cubs fan died six days after celebrating second World Series win Big League Stew Miami Marlins Jose Fernandez dies in boating accident Yahoo News Photo Staff Val Kilmer Struggles to Speak at First Public Appearance Since Denying Cancer Reports: ‘My Tongue Swelled’ People Tens of thousands protest Trump victory Yahoo News Video Jessica Biel and Justin Timberlake Show Off Incredible Beach Bods on Caribbean Vacation Entertainment Tonight Top Trump Ally Warns of 'Rebellion' Over Possible Chief of Staff Pick Good Morning America Twins' Daylight Saving Time Birth Results in Bizarre Age Twist Good Morning America Flamingos from above Yahoo News Photo Staff How Will a Trump Presidency Affect Coal Stocks? -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool Veteran Who Lost Both Legs Brings Hope to Wounded Soldiers ABC News Videos Megyn Kelly: Trump tried to influence coverage with gifts Associated Press Miesha Tate announces retirement after loss at UFC 205 Cagewriter Clinton blames FBI's Comey for her defeat in call with donors Reuters The Trump Effect: Psychologists warn that children are watching Jay: Parents should be showing their kids these "protestors" and telling them that shis is what spoiled, sore losers do. They should prepare their kids to lose as well as win, that not everyone gets a trophy, and that "safe spaces" are for weak, entitled, fragile and worthless babies. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.3k Eugene Richards’ ‘Below the Line: Living Poor in America’ Yahoo News Photo Staff Market outlook for Monday, November 14, 2016 Yahoo Finance Video What It's Like to Be a Hip-Hop Choreographer to the Stars ABC News Videos Lena Dunham: Don't Agonize, Organize Lenny Trump's transition team signals return to GOP establishment Associated Press Protester Shot in Portland as Anti-Trump Marches Continue in More Than 17 States for a Third Night People Photos of the day - October 14, 2016 Yahoo News Photo Staff In Opinion: Seven common myths about legal marijuana Newsweek Donald Trump, the Making of a President ABC News Videos Kim Kardashian Takes Halloween Pics With Kanye, North, and Saint in First Major Update Since Paris Robbery Entertainment Tonight Millions sign petition urging Electoral College to elect Hillary Clinton Yahoo News ‘Surprise!’ Pink Announces She’s Pregnant With Baby No. 2 People Airstrikes in Yemen Yahoo News Photo Staff Carolina's Bryan Bickell diagnosed with multiple sclerosis The Associated Press Making of a President Part 6: What the Future Looks Like For Donald Trump ABC News Videos New Mom and Beauty Mogul Tyra Banks on Finding Balance: My Son Has Taught Me to ‘Focus on One Thing at a Time’ People Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad AstraZeneca CEO: Bristol drug flop opens big cancer opportunity By Reuters Published: 10:46 EST, 8 October 2016 | Updated: 10:46 EST, 8 October 2016 e-mail By Ben Hirschler COPENHAGEN, Oct 8 (Reuters) - The failure of Bristol-Myers Squibb's blockbuster Opdivo immunotherapy in previously untreated lung cancer patients has opened up the market for AstraZeneca, its chief executive believes. "Suddenly, this trial news opens quite some opportunities for us, in both monotherapy and combination therapy," Chief Executive Pascal Soriot told Reuters on Saturday, in his first comments since the Opdivo trial flop in August. Soriot is in Copenhagen for the European Society for Medical Oncology congress, where he and his team will be scouring data from competitors to determine how best to fine-tune their own clinical work to maximise its chance of success. The timing has been fortuitous for the British drugmaker, which can now take advantage of the experience of its rivals. At stake is a chunk of a hugely promising new market for cancer treatments that fight tumours by boosting the immune system. Industry analysts forecast such drugs could eventually generate annual sales of $30 billion to $40 billion, with lung cancer seen as the biggest opportunity. Much of the clinical focus is on the best way to select patients likely to benefit from the new and expensive medicines, by using biomarkers to assess their tumours. While the Opdivo trial included patients with low levels of a protein called PD-L1, a separate trial found Merck's similar drug Keytruda worked well in a much smaller group of patients expressing at least 50 percent PD-L1. That gives AstraZeneca the opportunity to steer a path between its two rivals by refining the PD-L1 benchmarks used in its own keenly awaited clinical trial, known as MYSTIC, which is expected to report results early next year. "It gives us a chance to do what BMS was trying to do, but do it in a less risky manner, by expanding the population from the 50 percent PD-L1 cut-off to a bit broader," Soriot said. AstraZeneca's rival to Opdivo and Keytruda is durvalumab, which is being tested on its own and with another immunotherapy called tremelimumab. The British company is currently planning to look at how well its treatment fares among patients with a 25 percent PD-L1 expression level or more, but it has the flexibility to amend this. Roche also has a rival immunotherapy called Tecentriq, which has proved effective in previously treated lung cancer patients, and the fact that AstraZeneca looks like being fourth to market has been viewed negatively by many investors. Soriot argues this ignores the fact his company has the potential to leap ahead in combination therapy, which could well become the main choice for most lung cancer patients. "We're coming from a place where everybody thought we were behind and we have a very good chance to play in both the monotherapy and combination segments," Soriot said. "Even if BMS were to catch up with us in combination, there would still only be two companies with these regimens." Currently, Bristol's competing immunotherapy combination is not expected to produce clinical trial results until 2018. Furthermore, AstraZeneca has another card up its sleeve in the form of a so-called priority review voucher from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, which Soriot said could be used, if needed, to help it seek rapid approval. "Being first is definitely important," Soriot said. (Editing by Susan Thomas) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public From extreme freakshakes to crème brûlée and peanut butter cream pie: 14 of the most indulgent desserts EVER SPONSORED GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time The shower was for stylist Monica Rose A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on life-long fatherhood aspirations He called his newborn girl Dream Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London - despite claims he might introduce her to Queen Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  After his letter to press Coronation HEAT! Jane Danson and Tina O'Brien steal the spotlight in chic black dresses at the North West RTS Awards At North West awards Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Worth the wait Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Shared another sweet snap I'm A Celebrity's Sam Quek is fighting back against breast implants: Team GB hockey star says she will represent women 'with small boobs' on the show  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards  Brought some dazzle  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her enviable washboard abs in TINY white bikini as she jets off on exotic Mauritius break with boyfriend Hugo Taylor Cristiano Ronaldo takes centre stage as Portugal star poses in just his white pants for the mannequin challenge Super toned What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Showcased killer abs and fishing skills  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot The 41-year-old Don't Lie singer was in Malibu Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital in Los Angeles Ready for parenthood Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home 'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber A break from promoting Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose Shared his haul on social media Saturday night fever! Saara Aalto dazzles on X Factor disco week in 'dangerous' futuristic outfit, but Five After Midnight give her a run for her money 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Shared on Snapchat  Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves gym before posting butt shot on Instagram Looked super fit Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood with her mother on Friday night.  Now that's a recipe for success! The Great British Bake Off winner Candice Brown cuts a chic figure in elegant skater dress as she leads cookery presentation 'That will go down in Strictly history!': Judges are left speechless as Ed Balls performs his most daring routine to date with a salsa to Gangnam Style Tatt's new! Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly shows off latest inking which covers her entire thigh in raunchy underwear snap on Instagram Flower power EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  The bare cheek of it! Amanda Holden can't resist taking a sneak peak at a workman's exposed bum as she saunters through Portsmouth Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Just roll with it! Curlers-clad Chloe Khan flaunts her ample cleavage in a tight plunging dress for saucy selfie Sent her fans wild. Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The former O.C. star was unmissable in the statement piece  Megan McKenna vamps it up in ribbed LBD and racy thigh-high boots for salon launch after reuniting with beau Pete Wicks following sexting scandal Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event Tried new look alongside Billy Bob Thornton and Kathy Bates Photograph in Taylor Swift's sexual assault lawsuit against radio DJ is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image The accused is former radio DJ David Mueller  Nicola McLean dazzles in a stylish leopard print top as she cuddles up to her chihuahua at The Secret Life of Pets premiere At London DVD launch Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in LA She's sticking to a clean, organic diet Make-up free Louise Redknapp flashes a bright white smile as she parks her £90k Mercedes in a permit only bay on her way to Strictly rehearsals Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Katherine Heigl shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Announced back in June Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Making a name for herself in her own right Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Dishing about their work for the TV series 'I didn't think I could love him any more': Vicky Pattison reignites romance rumours with best friend Alex Cannon as she shares sweet snap  Kerry Katona shows off daughter Molly's hidden talents as she tweets Simon Cowell a clip of the talented teenager performing  Musical parents Martine McCutcheon looks effortlessly chic in a black faux fur coat as she cuddles up to husband Jack McManus and their pet pooch Happily loved-up EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Is Pink secretly pregnant? Singer sparks baby rumours as she emerges after months out of the spotlight looking radiant in flowing dress Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey He broke down on the side of the roadside Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York The  21-year-old was spotted all bundled up Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle She also starred in Man of La Mancha in 1972 Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned £11 MILLION in one year' through endorsemens Retirement deal Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars Stunning appearance 'Surely she has to go now!': Angry X Factor fans demand Honey G gets the boot after revealing she was addicted to Class A drugs Imogen Thomas slips her gorgeous figure into casually chic roll neck and leather leggings as she poses up a storm at Secret Life of Pets premiere 'It will be used a number of times throughout the series': Producers 'build secret sex cave' in push for jungle romance on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Busty Chloe Goodman showcases her womanly curves in lace-up swimsuit as she embarks on a raunchy beach photoshoot in Mykonos She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress Oh beehive! Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym Exercising her curvaceous figure 'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Kaia has already caught the modeling bug Robbie Williams blows kisses to devoted fans during radio interview in Milan... after scoring his TWELFTH number one Happy man 'They are very much an item': Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Incredibly elegant Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon The actress, 31, wed in 2014 Doctor Who's Pearl Mackie holds a concerned gaze while filming scenes for upcoming series in eerie woodland in Cardiff Taking tips from Myleene? Carol Vorderman, 55, flaunts her youthful figure and ample cleavage in a sexy white swimsuit ahead of I'm A Celebrity 'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Battle of the boobs! Isla Fisher and January Jones unleash the cleavage at Nocturnal Animals premiere in LA  Like Nocturnal Animals - they came out at night Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner in London after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' 'I did cocaine, pills and magic mushrooms': X Factor's Honey G admits she was addicted to Class A drugs after string of personal issues I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Accused of having an eating disorder last year Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Sartorial flair Perrie Edwards stuns in EXTREMELY ripped jeans as she arrives at Sydney Airport with Little Mix to promote their new album Glory Days 'I trust her with all of my heart': Lewis Bloor puts his faith in Marnie Simpson as she prepares to film Geordie Shore... while she predicts the series will be 'eventful' 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee Daisy Lowe displays her leggy model figure in super-short dress and grungy biker jacket as she makes her way to Strictly filming Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA No Bad Blood here! Taylor Swift 'is writing songs about exes Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston'... but will focus on their 'friendly' breakups Home And Away's Pia Miller flaunts her slim frame and flawless make-up free complexion in backless swimsuit for romantic trip with Tyson Mullane Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Understated style Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA 'Already starting to fall in love with Sydney': Bachelor's Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon strip down to black bikinis to soak up the sun at the beach White hot! Cobie Smulders flashes her long stems in monochrome ensemble at the Moves Power Women gala in NYC 'He can't do manly or strong': Ed Balls' Strictly dance partner Katya Jones reveals the politician has embraced his 'inner camp' Shine bright! Nicole Kidman glistens as she floats down the red carpet in angelic white for the LA premiere of Lion   Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip She's not shy Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles Natural beauty Chanelle Hayes parades her curves in a barely-there glitzy bikini as she puts on a VERY amorous display with boyfriend Ryan Oates in Ibiza Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  All dressed up Amber Rose keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she visits Blac Chyna again... and even brings son Sebastian along to meet new baby Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip Rolling in deep space! Adele gets private tour of NASA headquarters from astronaut who presented her Brit Award  Behind-the-scenes tour That's a wrap! Jorgie Porter channels winter chic in sweater dress, shearling coat and over-the-knee boots for dinner date with friends  Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil Looking CAPE-tivating! Rebecca Ferguson flaunts her toned legs in dazzling play-suit as she performs at concert in Sheffield  Tracks from new album Baring all! Imogen Anthony flaunts her pert derriere and under-bust as she poses for a provocative series of photos dressed in  little more than a sheer g-string Her favourite spot! Sofia Richie wears a sports luxe look to grab a bite at her go-to eatery  Catching up with a pal Hello petal! Jennifer Garner flashes her legs in floaty skirt as she lugs vase of pretty flowers into Venice cafe Blooming lovely Chic Pixie Geldof puts on a brave face at charity fundraiser as debut album flops, selling just 197 copies in first week of release She was in good spirits Flamin' hot! Charlotte Dawson sizzles in an electric blue gilet and knee-high boots as she unveils her newly dyed ginger locks  At  salon in Liverpool  'He showed me how women should be treated and respected': Shanina Shaik takes a dig at her ex Tyson Beckford while gushing about fiancé DJ Ruckus SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Dame Joan's THREE parties in one night shows her passion for life remains undimmed  At Sir David Tang's book launch SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: What HAS happened to Kate Winslet's wonky eyebrows?  One is more arched than the other Peek-a-boo! Ashley James flashes her toned tummy in cropped sweater and baseball jacket as she heads out to her radio show Casual Meg Ryan goes incognito in a cap, sunglasses and long coat for a London shopping trip  Blended into the crowd on  Oxford Street. Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dashing as he chats his new role in J.K. Rowling's Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Taking flight! Serena Williams takes comfort to new heights as she rocks green aviator onesie at LAX Making the most of the off-season Heading to cooler climates? Kanye West bundles up in layers as catches flight out of LAX West decided to bundle up in multiple layers  'He gave me a little back massage': Eddie Redmayne reveals Fantastic Beasts co-star Colin Farrell had to comfort him before 'intense' San Diego Comic-Con appearance Ready to Seal the deal: British singer 'hunts for Sydney home with girlfriend James Packer's ex wife Erica  ahead of The Voice Australia return 'Everything shuts down around you': Devastated Michael Bublé 'will not sing again' until his son Noah, 3, overcomes liver cancer treatment  'Kisses, hugs and sex galore!': Kim Zolciak celebrates fifth anniversary with husband Kroy Biermann  Romantic message  'Look at him, the chubby little chap': Strictly judge Len Goodman pokes fun at Ed Balls's weight on TV but admits fan favourite COULD win dance show Going strong! Megan McKenna and beau Pete Wicks look loved-up as they leave spa together after reuniting on TOWIE following sexting scandal TV Penelope's £500k pit stop: The stunning home that actress Penelope Keith created from scratch - before reluctantly moving on Loves Beckside House Oh dear Ed, Strictly really IS taking it out of you! Former shadow chancellor looks pale and puffy-eyed as he walks to the shops with his MP wife Just one glance at the first picture of Brad Pitt since his split from Angelina and you can see the pain etched on his gaunt face, writes AMANDA PLATELL I'm A Celebrity... get me down from here! Ola Jordan and Carol Vorderman are suspended over 32-storey building for the show's first terrifying challenge Heidi Klum hits the runway in style as she dons patterned knit sweater and scarf after touching down at LAX The 43-year-old German was looking chic  Not your average party animal! Bindi Irwin spends time tending to a rhino... as she snubs Maxim's Hot 100 Party in Sydney after making the top ten  'Time to turn words into action!': Katy Perry donates $10k to Planned Parenthood in face of Donald Trump's looming defund  Oscar-nominated Man From U.N.C.L.E.  and Hustle star Robert Vaughn dies aged 83 surrounded by his family after brief battle with cancer Her lips are STILL sealed! Former Miss Universe Jennifer Hawkins continues to keep quiet on President-elect Donald Trump... despite other beauty queens' complaints against him She's a low-key VIP! Jet-set Renee Zellweger lugs her own bags through airport  Proved she's one of the people as she forewent special treatment Val Kilmer gasps and struggles to speak while revealing he's cancelled upcoming tour after once again denying he has throat cancer  Throwback surprise! The View brings back original co-hosts Meredith Vieira, Debbie Matenopoulos and Star Jones for 20th anniversary I do! Adrienne Bailon marries gospel singer Israel Houghton in romantic wedding  Tied the knot with the gospel singer at a ceremony in Paris Olivia Wilde holds her baby girl close as she and fiancé Jason Sudeikis enjoy a leisurely walk in NYC Daisy Josephine was born one month ago The Survivors scrub up well! Winner Kristie joins JL, Phoebe, Brooke and Flick in glamorous style at the Maxim Hottest 100 party Newly single Jemma Lucy flaunts her new jet-black hairpiece in a cleavage baring Instagram snap... a week after dumping boyfriend Stephen Bear Russell Crowe quietly lists lavish apartment he bought for $14.35 million... as he and estranged wife Danielle Spencer get closer to a divorce settlement That's a bit cheeky! X Factor star Joey Hadjia, formerly Joelle, shares VERY close-up snap of her pert derrière in lengthy 'body transformation' post 'Never give up': Lindsey Vonn reveals she badly fractured arm from crash during training... and even shares x-ray of gruesome injury Batter up! Mark-Paul Gosselaar and co-star Kylie Bunbury pose completely NUDE in sexy new photos for baseball show Pitch Fictional photoshoot  Ham you believe it? Rosie Huntington-Whiteley oozes glamour in a plunging floral dress... before cuddling up to a pig in cute snap She's enjoying California Danniella Westbrook sues Celebrity Botched Up Bodies after 'contracting blood poisoning through the TV show's dental work' Winn-ing! Harlow flaunts her model credentials in sexy tiered lace dress and pointed stilettos for awards show in Mexico Such a hot commodity 'I missed ya': Negan surprises Rick Grimes by arriving in Alexandria with Daryl in sneak peek of new The Walking Dead episode He's got a baseball bat Beach babe! Bikini-clad Hilary Duff flashes her cleavage on a tropical getaway with her beau Jason Walsh Arrived at an undisclosed paradise 'They turned out wonderfully!' Proud father Sylvester Stallone says he gives wife Jennifer Flavin 'all the credit' in raising their three daughters Hello sunshine! Hailee Steinfeld stuns in yellow sheer number as she leads stars at Nickelodeon Halo Awards Kylie kopycat strikes again! Ariel Winter follows Jenner's style by wearing Kanye tour sweatshirt as she jets out of LAX  Had an early flight 'We were both naked and had just met!' Evan Rachel Wood spills on steamy Gucci Guilty shoot with Chris Evans She says it wasn't too uncomfortable  Hold that pose! The 'mannequin challenge' hits X Factor as super-still Nicole Scherzinger works a flexible side split... but Louis Walsh breaks the sequence Patrick Dempsey and wife Jill officially call off divorce after working hard to save 15-year relationship  They have the papers to confirm reconciliation  Who knew? Shia LaBeouf reveals his tattoos of rap legends and freestyles for nearly five minutes on radio show With host Sway Calloway 'I can't believe I'm crying!' Emotional Kris Jenner sobs as she reveals her 'biggest fear' is losing a loved one On latest KUWTK promo  'We are enjoying our honeymoon!' Jinger Duggar and Jeremy Vuolo share first video after heading off on tour of Australia and New Zealand The lap of luxury! Heather Dubrow debuts new web series offering a tour of her lavish walk-in wardrobe It's not for the faint-hearted 'I'm keen to do everything he did': Robert Irwin aims to follow in late father Steve's footsteps as he's nominated for a kid's Emmy Award 'I feel like I did after 9/11': Robert De Niro shares his anger following Trump's victory  Previously said Trump is 'a punk,' and 'a pig.' 'I've had three!' Million Dollar Listing's Josh Flagg confesses to multiple nose jobs as David Parnes reveals why he went under the knife again Sizzling hot! Swimsuit model Elyse Knowles flaunts her taut torso and trim pins in a skimpy white bikini as she bids farewell to Dallas We get it, you're a model! Bachelor reject Sam Johnston can't stop posing as he flirts with Olivia Phyland after admitting he'd like to get into TV presenting 'I found it!' Real Housewives Of Sydney's Lisa Oldfield celebrates finding her missing $70,000 diamond bracelet thanks to her co-star 'I hope you enjoy the read!': Bryan Cranston surprises fan by leaving free signed copy of his book at the airport Released memoir, A Life in Parts, last month John Legend pays tribute to his 'beautiful wife and daughter' as baby Luna makes her starring debut in new music video for Love Me Now Big hair don't care! Pixie Lott channels retro glamour in pink floral mini dress and voluminous updo as she steps out in LA Left Disney HQ in LA What would Tiffany say? Busty Bachelor babe Megan Marx sidles up to mystery bearded man in BUDGIE SMUGGLERS at Maxim's Hot 100 party 'It's a myth that models don't eat': Heidi Klum, 43, sizzles in swimsuits as she reveals her body secrets She's the cover girl for SHAPE magazine 'Goodbye to all that': Robert Redford, 80, reveals intention to retire from acting...and refocus on directing Acting career began in 1960 on TV's Maverick.  Young and in love: Lovebirds Daryl Hannah and Neil Young co-ordinate in black as they jet out of LA They looked in sync in Los Angeles Looking like a Greek Goddessex! TOWIE's Frankie flaunts her slimmed-down figure in a skimpy pink bikini for idyllic Mykonos beach break 'Dynamite recordings' of Angelina Jolie 'could dent her bid to get primary custody of her six children during bitter divorce with Brad Pitt ' She's nearly freed the nipple! Braless Zilda Williams flaunts her famed bust in a VERY sheer top... before cosying up to Bachelorette contestant Sam Johnston Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET Search WGMD 35.2 F Rehoboth Beach, DE Sunday, November 13, 2016 LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET Home Fox News Fox Business News Better Buy: Exelixis, Inc. vs. Roche Fox News Fox Business News Better Buy: Exelixis, Inc. vs. Roche By Cory Renauer - October 8, 2016 163 This post was originally published on this site Image source: Getty Images. Continue Reading Below Recently approved cancer therapies from Exelixis (NASDAQ: EXEL) and Roche (NASDAQOTH: RHHBY) have oncologists fizzing with excitement, but the two drugmakers have more differences than similarities. While Roche has been profitable for decades, Exelixis is still losing money. On the other hand, Exelixis stock has more than doubled this year, but shares of the Swiss pharma giant have given up about 10% over the same period. EXEL data by YCharts. More From Fool.com Investors are right to wonder if they should dive into volatile Exelixis stock following its recent plunge or seek safety in Roche’s diverse revenue streams. Let’s look at some challenges and opportunities facing both companies to see which stock is the better buy. What’s new Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Exelixis’ lead drug, cabozantinib, chalked up a huge win this April when the FDA approved a tablet form under the brand name Cabometyx for treatment of advanced kidney cancer patients.Although cabozantinib capsules first earned approvalfor treatment of medullary thyroid cancer in 2012 under the brand nameCometriq,it generated modest sales in the limited population. When cabozantinib failed to show a survival benefit in a study with prostate cancer patients a couple of years ago,many analysts assumed its sales would remain limited. They were wrong. Although Cabometyx launched into the larger kidney cancer population partway through the second quarter, Exelixis’ net product revenue exploded from just $9.1 million in the first three months of the year to $31.6 million during the three months ended June. Image source: Roche. Roche also has an exciting new cancer therapy. Tecentriq binds to PD-L1 found on the surface of a variety of tumor cells, limiting their ability to suppress immune-system attacks. Two incredibly successful therapies, Opdivo from Bristol-Myers Squibband Keytruda from Merck & Co., act on the immune-cell side of the same pathway, but Tecentriq became the first of its class to earn an FDA approval in May. What’s next At the moment, Tecentriq is limited to treatment of a relatively limited group of people with bladder cancer, but that could change soon. Any day now, the FDA is expected to announce its decision regarding an application that would expand Tecentriq’s availability from bladder cancer to a much larger group of advanced lung cancer patients. Each year, lung cancers claim the lives of 1.6 million people worldwide, making it the leading cause of cancer death. With eight phase 3 lung cancer studies evaluating Tecentriq in this enormous population showing encouraging results thus far, the therapy has a real chance of reaching peak annual sales estimates north of $3 billion. Image source: Getty Images. Roche has more than Tecentriq label expansions to look forward to. Its candidate Ocrevus is the first multiple sclerosis drug to slow progression of the most aggressive form of the disease in large clinical studies. Roche expects an FDA decision regarding an application to treat this underserved population, which represents about 15% of the world’s 2.3 million people with multiple sclerosis, by the end of the year. If approved as expected, Ocrevus could add more than $5 billion annually to the company’s top line. For Exelixis, Cabometyx sales in the second quarter were strong enough to suggest its current role in kidney cancer has enough fuel to drive the company to profit town, but it could go much further. A patient’s disease must progress following a specific type of therapy before they become eligible for Cabometyx, butPfizer‘s Sutent is approved for newly diagnosed, untreated advanced kidney cancer patients. However,Exelixis announced that treatment with Cabometyx significantly slowed disease progression compared to Sutent in a 150-patient trial.We’ll have a better idea of how far Cabometyx can expand into the advanced kidney cancer population when it presents results from the study on Oct. 10 at a scientific conference. Exelixis is also running a phase 3 trial that could support an application to treat the most common form of liver cancer. It recently passed its first interim analysis,and if the trial is successful, Cabometyx could eventually generate more than $1 billion in annual sales. In the numbers Given Exelixis’ small market cap of around $2.9 billion, a slight breeze could blast its share price in one direction or the other. If Cabometyx shows clear signs it’s headed for the $1 billion mark, the stock could soar. Unfortunately, those signs must appear sooner rather than later, because Exelixis’ main cabozantinib patents are set to expire in 2024. Unlike Roche’s best-selling products, Cabometyx is asmall molecule drug. Once it loses exclusivity, generic competition could quickly hammer its sales. Image source: Getty Images. In stark contrast to Exelixis, Roche needs fire-breathing monster trucks to move the needle. The company finished the first half on pace to generate more than $53 billion in revenue this year.Challenging growth further,biosimilarcompetitionfor two drugs that comprised 24.6% of total sales in the first half (Rituxan and Herceptin)could be on the way. With a rock-solid dividend offering a 2.7% yield at recent prices, and 29 consecutive years of payment raises (in Swiss francs), Roche is a great stock for those in need of steadily growing income. If you’re willing to take risk in hope of greater capital gains, though, Exelixis looks like the better buy. A secret billion-dollar stock opportunity The world’s biggest tech company forgot to show you something, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn’t miss a beat: There’s a small company that’s powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here. Cory Renauer has no position in any stocks mentioned. You can follow Cory on Twitter @TMFang4apples or connect with him on LinkedIn for more healthcare industry insight. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Exelixis. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleMythBusters to be at Punkin’ Chunkin’ – Which will also Return to TV Next articleMislabeling Leads to Limited Turkey Hill Ice Cream Recall Cory Renauer RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Germany's Schaeuble says too much talk on Deutsche Bank How Amazon Prime Could Reach 100 Million Members by 2018 Is Hillary Clinton an Ally to Long-Term Investors? Is Big Lots a Good Value? 3 Proven Ways to Boost Your Retirement Income Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET © Resort Broadcasting Company, LLC 2016 - Designed and Managed by DATATECH DIGITAL in association with OXLEY EVERYTHING WEB
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Exelixis, Inc. vs. Roche Both companies launched important new cancer therapies recently, but which stock is better suited to your portfolio? Cory Renauer (TMFang4apples) Oct 8, 2016 at 7:24AM Image source: Getty Images. Recently approved cancer therapies from Exelixis (NASDAQ:EXEL) and Roche (NASDAQOTH:RHHBY) have oncologists fizzing with excitement, but the two drugmakers have more differences than similarities. While Roche has been profitable for decades, Exelixis is still losing money. On the other hand, Exelixis stock has more than doubled this year, but shares of the Swiss pharma giant have given up about 10% over the same period. EXEL data by YCharts. Investors are right to wonder if they should dive into volatile Exelixis stock following its recent plunge or seek safety in Roche's diverse revenue streams. Let's look at some challenges and opportunities facing both companies to see which stock is the better buy. What's new Exelixis' lead drug, cabozantinib, chalked up a huge win this April when the FDA approved a tablet form under the brand name Cabometyx for treatment of advanced kidney cancer patients. Although cabozantinib capsules first earned approval for treatment of medullary thyroid cancer in 2012 under the brand name Cometriq, it generated modest sales in the limited population. When cabozantinib failed to show a survival benefit in a study with prostate cancer patients a couple of years ago, many analysts assumed its sales would remain limited. They were wrong. Although Cabometyx launched into the larger kidney cancer population partway through the second quarter, Exelixis' net product revenue exploded from just $9.1 million in the first three months of the year to $31.6 million during the three months ended June. Image source: Roche. Roche also has an exciting new cancer therapy. Tecentriq binds to PD-L1 found on the surface of a variety of tumor cells, limiting their ability to suppress immune-system attacks. Two incredibly successful therapies, Opdivo from Bristol-Myers Squibb and Keytruda from Merck & Co., act on the immune-cell side of the same pathway, but Tecentriq became the first of its class to earn an FDA approval in May.  What's next At the moment, Tecentriq is limited to treatment of a relatively limited group of people with bladder cancer, but that could change soon. Any day now, the FDA is expected to announce its decision regarding an application that would expand Tecentriq's availability from bladder cancer to a much larger group of advanced lung cancer patients. Each year, lung cancers claim the lives of 1.6 million people worldwide, making it the leading cause of cancer death. With eight phase 3 lung cancer studies evaluating Tecentriq in this enormous population showing encouraging results thus far, the therapy has a real chance of reaching peak annual sales estimates north of $3 billion.  Image source: Getty Images. Roche has more than Tecentriq label expansions to look forward to. Its candidate Ocrevus is the first multiple sclerosis drug to slow progression of the most aggressive form of the disease in large clinical studies. Roche expects an FDA decision regarding an application to treat this underserved population, which represents about 15% of the world's 2.3 million people with multiple sclerosis, by the end of the year. If approved as expected, Ocrevus could add more than $5 billion annually to the company's top line. For Exelixis, Cabometyx sales in the second quarter were strong enough to suggest its current role in kidney cancer has enough fuel to drive the company to profit town, but it could go much further. A patient's disease must progress following a specific type of therapy before they become eligible for Cabometyx, but Pfizer's Sutent is approved for newly diagnosed, untreated advanced kidney cancer patients. However, Exelixis announced that treatment with Cabometyx significantly slowed disease progression compared to Sutent in a 150-patient trial. We'll have a better idea of how far Cabometyx can expand into the advanced kidney cancer population when it presents results from the study on Oct. 10 at a scientific conference. Exelixis is also running a phase 3 trial that could support an application to treat the most common form of liver cancer. It recently passed its first interim analysis, and if the trial is successful, Cabometyx could eventually generate more than $1 billion in annual sales. In the numbers Given Exelixis' small market cap of around $2.9 billion, a slight breeze could blast its share price in one direction or the other. If Cabometyx shows clear signs it's headed for the $1 billion mark, the stock could soar. Unfortunately, those signs must appear sooner rather than later, because Exelixis' main cabozantinib patents are set to expire in 2024. Unlike Roche's best-selling products, Cabometyx is a small molecule drug. Once it loses exclusivity, generic competition could quickly hammer its sales. Image source: Getty Images. In stark contrast to Exelixis, Roche needs fire-breathing monster trucks to move the needle. The company finished the first half on pace to generate more than $53 billion in revenue this year. Challenging growth further, biosimilar competition for two drugs that comprised 24.6% of total sales in the first half (Rituxan and Herceptin) could be on the way.  With a rock-solid dividend offering a 2.7% yield at recent prices, and 29 consecutive years of payment raises (in Swiss francs), Roche is a great stock for those in need of steadily growing income. If you're willing to take risk in hope of greater capital gains, though, Exelixis looks like the better buy. Cory Renauer has no position in any stocks mentioned. You can follow Cory on Twitter @TMFang4apples or connect with him on LinkedIn for more healthcare industry insight. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Exelixis. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Cory Renauer (TMFang4apples) Cory is a long-term minded analyst focused on the Biopharma, and Med-Tech industries. He genuinely enjoys cutting through the complexity to help everyday investors make better decisions. Follow @TMFang4apples Article Info Oct 8, 2016 at 7:24AM Health Care Stocks Roche Holding Ltd. (ADR) NASDAQOTH:RHHBY $29.61 down $0.34 (-1.14%) Exelixis NASDAQ:EXEL $16.40 up $0.66 (4.19%) Read More A First Look at Exelixis, Inc.'s Rocket-Ship Drug Exelixis, Inc. Setting New Standard of Care Why Exelixis, Inc. Got Hammered Today Exelixis, Inc.'s METEOR Reaches Orbit, With Shares Up 45% in 2016 Why These Biotechs Saw Double-Digit Gains Today Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Exelixis, Inc. vs. Roche Both companies launched important new cancer therapies recently, but which stock is better suited to your portfolio? Cory Renauer (TMFang4apples) Oct 8, 2016 at 7:24AM Image source: Getty Images. Recently approved cancer therapies from Exelixis (NASDAQ:EXEL) and Roche (NASDAQOTH:RHHBY) have oncologists fizzing with excitement, but the two drugmakers have more differences than similarities. While Roche has been profitable for decades, Exelixis is still losing money. On the other hand, Exelixis stock has more than doubled this year, but shares of the Swiss pharma giant have given up about 10% over the same period. EXEL data by YCharts. Investors are right to wonder if they should dive into volatile Exelixis stock following its recent plunge or seek safety in Roche's diverse revenue streams. Let's look at some challenges and opportunities facing both companies to see which stock is the better buy. What's new Exelixis' lead drug, cabozantinib, chalked up a huge win this April when the FDA approved a tablet form under the brand name Cabometyx for treatment of advanced kidney cancer patients. Although cabozantinib capsules first earned approval for treatment of medullary thyroid cancer in 2012 under the brand name Cometriq, it generated modest sales in the limited population. When cabozantinib failed to show a survival benefit in a study with prostate cancer patients a couple of years ago, many analysts assumed its sales would remain limited. They were wrong. Although Cabometyx launched into the larger kidney cancer population partway through the second quarter, Exelixis' net product revenue exploded from just $9.1 million in the first three months of the year to $31.6 million during the three months ended June. Image source: Roche. Roche also has an exciting new cancer therapy. Tecentriq binds to PD-L1 found on the surface of a variety of tumor cells, limiting their ability to suppress immune-system attacks. Two incredibly successful therapies, Opdivo from Bristol-Myers Squibb and Keytruda from Merck & Co., act on the immune-cell side of the same pathway, but Tecentriq became the first of its class to earn an FDA approval in May.  What's next At the moment, Tecentriq is limited to treatment of a relatively limited group of people with bladder cancer, but that could change soon. Any day now, the FDA is expected to announce its decision regarding an application that would expand Tecentriq's availability from bladder cancer to a much larger group of advanced lung cancer patients. Each year, lung cancers claim the lives of 1.6 million people worldwide, making it the leading cause of cancer death. With eight phase 3 lung cancer studies evaluating Tecentriq in this enormous population showing encouraging results thus far, the therapy has a real chance of reaching peak annual sales estimates north of $3 billion.  Image source: Getty Images. Roche has more than Tecentriq label expansions to look forward to. Its candidate Ocrevus is the first multiple sclerosis drug to slow progression of the most aggressive form of the disease in large clinical studies. Roche expects an FDA decision regarding an application to treat this underserved population, which represents about 15% of the world's 2.3 million people with multiple sclerosis, by the end of the year. If approved as expected, Ocrevus could add more than $5 billion annually to the company's top line. For Exelixis, Cabometyx sales in the second quarter were strong enough to suggest its current role in kidney cancer has enough fuel to drive the company to profit town, but it could go much further. A patient's disease must progress following a specific type of therapy before they become eligible for Cabometyx, but Pfizer's Sutent is approved for newly diagnosed, untreated advanced kidney cancer patients. However, Exelixis announced that treatment with Cabometyx significantly slowed disease progression compared to Sutent in a 150-patient trial. We'll have a better idea of how far Cabometyx can expand into the advanced kidney cancer population when it presents results from the study on Oct. 10 at a scientific conference. Exelixis is also running a phase 3 trial that could support an application to treat the most common form of liver cancer. It recently passed its first interim analysis, and if the trial is successful, Cabometyx could eventually generate more than $1 billion in annual sales. In the numbers Given Exelixis' small market cap of around $2.9 billion, a slight breeze could blast its share price in one direction or the other. If Cabometyx shows clear signs it's headed for the $1 billion mark, the stock could soar. Unfortunately, those signs must appear sooner rather than later, because Exelixis' main cabozantinib patents are set to expire in 2024. Unlike Roche's best-selling products, Cabometyx is a small molecule drug. Once it loses exclusivity, generic competition could quickly hammer its sales. Image source: Getty Images. In stark contrast to Exelixis, Roche needs fire-breathing monster trucks to move the needle. The company finished the first half on pace to generate more than $53 billion in revenue this year. Challenging growth further, biosimilar competition for two drugs that comprised 24.6% of total sales in the first half (Rituxan and Herceptin) could be on the way.  With a rock-solid dividend offering a 2.7% yield at recent prices, and 29 consecutive years of payment raises (in Swiss francs), Roche is a great stock for those in need of steadily growing income. If you're willing to take risk in hope of greater capital gains, though, Exelixis looks like the better buy. Cory Renauer has no position in any stocks mentioned. You can follow Cory on Twitter @TMFang4apples or connect with him on LinkedIn for more healthcare industry insight. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Exelixis. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Cory Renauer (TMFang4apples) Cory is a long-term minded analyst focused on the Biopharma, and Med-Tech industries. He genuinely enjoys cutting through the complexity to help everyday investors make better decisions. Follow @TMFang4apples Article Info Oct 8, 2016 at 7:24AM Health Care Stocks Roche Holding Ltd. (ADR) NASDAQOTH:RHHBY $29.61 down $0.34 (-1.14%) Exelixis NASDAQ:EXEL $16.40 up $0.66 (4.19%) Read More A First Look at Exelixis, Inc.'s Rocket-Ship Drug Exelixis, Inc. Setting New Standard of Care Why Exelixis, Inc. Got Hammered Today Exelixis, Inc.'s METEOR Reaches Orbit, With Shares Up 45% in 2016 Why These Biotechs Saw Double-Digit Gains Today Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Glaucoma Treatment Market Trends, Opportunities And Analysis ReportsWeb.com published Glaucoma Treatment Market from its database. The report elucidates facts on the glaucoma treatment market as supplemented by the latest available statistics. The report gives valuable insight into technology used in glaucoma tre   (EMAILWIRE.COM, October 08, 2016 ) Scope of the Report The report titled "Global Glaucoma Treatment Market: Trends and Opportunities (2015 Edition)" analyzes the potential opportunities, challenges, demand drivers and significant trends representing the Glaucoma treatment market. The report elucidates facts on the glaucoma treatment market as supplemented by the latest available statistics. It also profiles and analyzes the leading four companies operating in this industry with latest data and a brief overview of their business and financial performance along with a brief discussion of their future business strategies. The report gives valuable insight into technology used in glaucoma treatment market, its demand in various geographies. In the report, we also try to study the growth pattern in the prescriptions and revenue earned by the glaucoma treatment companies and the latest trends concerning glaucoma treatment market. Most importantly, we have analyzed the current market size and project future market size of the overall glaucoma treatment market for the years to come. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/Global-Glaucoma-Treatment-Market---Trends-And-Opportunities:-2015-Edition Company Coverage - Biolite Israeli - Pfizer Inc. - Merck & Co. Inc. - Alcon ( A division of Novartis) Products Covered - Prostaglandin - Combination Market - Carbonic Anhydrase Inhibitor - Beta Blocker - Alpha Agonist & Cholinergic - Surgical Devices Company Profiles: Global Glaucoma Market 1. Biolight Israeli 1.1 Business Overview 1.2 Financial Overview 1.3 Business Strategies 2. Pfizer Inc. 2.1 Business Overview 3.2 Financial Overview 3.3 Business Strategies 3. Merck & Co. Inc. 3.1 Business Overview 3.2 Financial Overview 3.4 Business Strategies 4. Alcon (A division of Novartis) 4.1 Business Overview 4.2 Financial Overview 4.3 Business Strategies Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW000182019/sample Executive Summary The global Glaucoma market has been growing rapidly since the past several years mainly due to innovation such as introduction of IOPtiMa, OTP-TX, anti-VEGF therapy, photodynamic therapy (PDT) laser photocoagulation, Rhopressa, latanoprost and Vesneo. Among the several varieties of drugs and surgeries available in the market, the demand for drugs such as Prostaglandins which includes Trabatan, Lumbigan are the highest due to its high efficiency in treating glaucoma. Vesneo has shown a superior intraocular pressure reduction effect on beta-blocker timolol, the most widely used comparator in registration trials for glaucoma, in two phase 3 studies. Globally, the major factors contributing to the growth of Glaucoma treatment market is the higher number of glaucoma patients from the U.S, Europe and Japan. Novel therapies for glaucoma are constantly being investigated by research and development teams of various pharmaceutical companies, at different stages. It can be predicted that novel therapies that work in conjunction with current drugs, such as Prostaglandins, will likely be increasingly common in the near future. Growth of the Glaucoma treatment market could also be attributed to North America where the number of patients suffering from glaucoma is the highest among the rest of the U.S and also from emerging markets such as France and Singapore driven by rapid increase of old age population. Moreover, the Asian market is expected to become a huge potential market for glaucoma surgery devices in the foreseeable future, as it is expected to grow at comparatively the fastest among all other regions. It is estimated that by 2020, 11 million individuals will have vision loss due to glaucoma. Glaucoma market is seen as a diversifying risk to other lines of ophthalmic treatment business and is attracting more and more revenue. Glaucoma treatment companies are launching new technologies and adopting new strategies in the industry and making significant investments. Inquire Before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW000182019/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
Who We Are About the Magazine Irish America Team Our Contributors In This Issue Archives Hall of Fame The Lists Business 100 Wall Street 50 Health and Life Sciences 50 Top 50 Power Women Top 100 Stars of the South Blog Events Travel Gift Shop Irish America Celebrates Annual Healthcare & Life Sciences 50 Dr. Barbara Murphy, chief of Medicine at Mount Sinai Health System, delivers the 3rd annual Healthcare and Life Sciences 50 keynote address in Manhattan. (All photos by Nuala Purcell) By Irish America Staff, October 6, 2015 Irish America celebrated its annual Healthcare and Life Sciences 50 Awards Reception, co-hosted with ICON plc, on October 5 in Manhattan. The Healthcare and Life Sciences 50 aims to recognize the best and brightest professionals in the medical industry and highlight the work they are doing to improve the lives of their communities and our healthcare industry. “There’s a lot of change – connected health, personalized medicine, patients being helped through advances in technology and connectivity,” Ciaran Murray, CEO of ICON, said. “And I think that when we look at quality of the people here in this room, the quality of people working in Ireland and the U.S., I think it would be safe to say that we can be optimistic and say that Irish Americans, and Ireland, and America, will continue to be at the forefront of driving that change and movement.” Irish America co-founder and editor-in-chief Patricia Harty spoke towards that theme as well, recognizing the achievements of the honorees and invoking their selfless service to the medical profession. She specifically paid tribute to Nobel laureate Dr. William Campbell (August / September cover story), who was born in Donegal and spent his career working for Merck, where he discovered a cure for river blindness. When he was told of his Nobel Prize, Harty noted, “He said, ‘Well, how can you honor me? It was the team.’ He wanted to make absolutely certain that it was his team, his colleagues, and that he accepted the award on behalf of him.” Honorees Dr. James Watson, Brian Dougherty, Dr. Owen O’Connor, Dr. John Neylan III, Dr. Michael Mullen, and Keynote Speaker Dr. Barbara Murphy and her husband, Peter Fogarty. (Photo Nuala Purcell) Among the honorees in attendance was also Nobel laureate Dr. James Watson, one of the co-discoverers of the structure of DNA for which he was awarded a Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1962. Looking at the crowd, Watson, who is 53 percent Irish and whose ancestors come from Nenagh, Co. Tipperary, joked that he is worried “the world doesn’t know yet how prominent the Irish are yet.” Dr. Barbara Murphy delivered the keynote remarks during the reception. Born in Ireland, Dr. Murphy is Dr. Barbara Murphy is the Chair of the Samuel Bronfman Department of Medicine, the Murray M. Rosenberg Professor of Medicine, and the Dean of Clinical Integration and Population Management at the Icahn School of Medicine at the Mount Sinai Health System. In these roles, she is the only female chair of medicine in New York, and one of only three women to be appointed chair of medicine at a top medical school in the country. Dr. Murphy spoke of motivating factors for her professional trajectory and the benefit of both her cultural upbringing and the fact that she had the fortune to attend medical school in both Ireland and the U.S. Dr. Barbara Murphy, chief of Medicine at Mount Sinai Health System, delivers the 3rd annual Healthcare and Life Sciences 50 keynote address in Manhattan. (Photo: Nuala Purcell) “It is at times like these that I remember with amusement my old elementary school teacher, who told my mother I was a dunce and would never be anything. What’s more, she said, my mother shouldn’t even try,” she said. “I was four. Fortunately, my parents persevered.” And yet, she pointed out that, “We Irish are known for our determination, strength of character, persistence – or, less politely put, stubbornness – but all of these characteristics have helped us in times of adversity. They are certainly characteristics that contributed to the resilience of many of your forebears in their journey to this new land. But, we are also known for our humor, not taking ourselves too seriously, and the importance, as the nuns put it, of not having ‘notions about yourself.’ “As a physician, I am incredibly proud of my heritage and how it has shaped my perspective on life. I am very grateful for the outstanding education that I received in Ireland and the values that were instilled in me by my teachers: they taught me the importance of connecting with and having empathy for patients. Scholarship did not matter if you were not kind. If a patient with arthritis winced when we shook their hand, it did not matter what we knew about the disease or the treatment. We had failed, because we hadn’t taken the patient’s overall well being into consideration,” she said. “When I came to the U.S., my Irish education was profoundly supplemented by a rigorous academic experience, and I am the fortunate product of both systems. Without a doubt, it made me a better doctor.” Dr. Murphy also spoke towards the importance of the physician-patient relationship. For her, the ability of the Irish to sympathize and create strong interpersonal bonds is one of the greatest opportunities for those practicing medicine. Moreover, she said, it’s one that the honorees can and should impart to others. “But we Irish, as leaders in the field who come from a tradition of loving the story and the chat and connecting with people, need to ensure that as we drive these advances we remember the importance of the personal interaction between the patient and the physician. We can be listeners, but also be the innovators to develop tools and systems to help manage the data and facilitate that interaction,” she said. “You cannot underestimate the importance of a patient’s trust in their doctor to help calm their fears and contribute to their overall wellbeing.” Following Dr. Murphy’s address, Harty and O’Dowd presented her with the House of Waterford Crystal Lismore Essence Vase Keynote Speaker Award. Founding publisher Niall O’Dowd, Keynote Speaker Dr. Barbara Murphy, co-founder and editor-in-chief Patricia Harty, and ICON chief executive Ciaran Murray. Dr. Murphy holds the House of Waterford Crystal Lismore Essence Vase. (Photo Nuala Purcell) For more on Dr. Barbara Murphy, read her profile in the August / September 2016 issue of Irish America. “It’s something very special to do the Healthcare and Life Sciences because what you guys are doing is actually helping save lives in the future,” founding publisher Niall O’Dowd said. “It’s a great moment for us to once again bring you all together.” In addition to Drs. Murphy and Watson, currently serves as chancellor emeritus at the Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, where he established the Human Genome Project, the 2016 honorees recognized at the event included: Dr. Michael Mullen, the institute director for advanced medicine and a professor of medicine and infectious diseases at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York. Mullen has spent his career studying and understanding HIV and AIDS, pneumonia, shingles, syphilis, and tuberculosis while working towards affordable and successful treatments. Michael McLoughlin, chief engineer of Research and Exploratory Development at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory. He is the principal investigator for the innovative Revolutionizing Prosthetics Program and oversees efforts to transition technology for clinical and non-clinical applications. Dr. Geraldine McGinty, assistant chief contracting officer and assistant professor of Clinical Radiology at Weill Cornell Medical College, where she specializes in breast cancer and is a widely-respected expert in healthcare payment policy and the economics of imaging. Dr. Neil Kelleher, a professor of chemistry and molecular biosciences at the Feinberg School of Medicine at Northwestern University, and the director of the Proteomics Center of Excellence and the Kelleher Research Group. Kelleher, from Chicago, is a third-generation Irish American with roots in Cork. The 2015 Irish America Healthcare & Life Sciences 50 honorees also include Dr. BJ Casey, Professor of Developmental Psychobiology and Director of Sackler Institute at Cornell Medical College; Dr. Patrick Conway, chief medical officer and deputy administrator for Innovation and Quality for the Centers of Medicare and Medicaid Services; Toby Cosgrobve, president and CEO of the Cleveland Clinic; Michael Dowling, president and CEO of Northwell Health; John Flannery, president and CEO of GE Healthcare; Sister Carol Keehan, president and CEO of the Catholic Health Association; Amy McDonough, vice president for Corporate Wellness at FitBit; Daniel O’Day, chief operating officer of the Pharmaceuticals Division at Roche; and Margaret O’Kane, president of the National Committee for Quality Assurance. This slideshow requires JavaScript. The honorees are featured in the August / September issue of Irish America. Also in attendance were representatives of ICON, chief medical officer Brendan Buckley, VP Investor Relations & Corporate Development Simon Holmes, and general counsel, executive vice president and company secretary Diarmid Cunningham; Patrick Tully, New York director and national director of the Young Leaders for the American Ireland Funds; Laura Koumas, corporate key account manager at 1-800-Flowers; and Jack Haire, CEO of Concern Worldwide. In addition to ICON, the event was sponsored by the Icahn School of Management at Mount Sinai, Mutual of America, the American Ireland Fund, 1-800-Flowers, House of Waterford Crystal, Coca-Cola, Tourism Ireland, CIE Tours International, the Irish Department of Foreign Affairs, and the Michael Smurfit Graduate Business School at University College Dublin. About ICON ICON is a global provider of outsourced development services to the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device industries and is one of Ireland’s most successful indigenous companies. The company specializes in the strategic development, management and analysis of programs that support clinical development – from compound selection to Phase I-IV clinical studies. ICON currently employs over 11,000 employees in 39 countries worldwide. About Irish America After over 30 years in print, Irish America magazine is the leading national glossy publication of Irish interest in North America. Since its inception in October 1985, Irish America has become a powerful vehicle for expression on a range of political, economic, social and cultural themes that are of paramount importance to the Irish in the United States. It has helped re-establish the Irish ethnic identity in the U.S. (34.7 million according to the last U.S. census) and highlights the best political and business leaders, organizations, artists, writers and community figures among the Irish in America. ♦ For more on Dr. Barbara Murphy, click here to read her interview with Sheila Langan in the August / September 2016 issue of Irish America. Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name Mail Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Share Tweet More Articles Healthcare and Life Sciences 50 The 2016 Irish America Healthcare and Life Sciences 50 list celebrates Irish innovators who are leading the way in... More A Second Chance at Life One of the country’s top transplant researchers is Dr. Barbara Murphy, the Dublin-born chair of medicine at Mount... More James Watson Dr. James Watson is a Nobel Prize-winning scientist, chancellor emeritus of Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, and 2011... More Ruth Sullivan Dr. Ruth Sullivan is the founder and former executive director of the Autism Services Center, a nonprofit health care... More Follow Us Newsletter Twitter Facebook Youtube Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Back Issues Customer Service Additional Advertise Contact Terms of Use & Privacy Policy Site Map Who We Are In This Issue Archives Hall of Fame The Lists Gift Shop Blog Travel Copyright © 2006-2011 Irish American LLC
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Scientific Method / Science & Exploration For ripping off Medicaid, EpiPen maker Mylan pays Feds $465 million In settlement, Mylan doesn’t admit guilt for misclassifying life-saving device. by Beth Mole - Oct 8, 2016 12:47 am UTC Login to bookmark 142 Heather Bresch, chief executive officer of Mylan. Getty | Bloomberg In a settlement announced Friday, Mylan, Inc., the maker of EpiPens, will shell out $465 million to the US Department of Justice and other federal agencies to brush aside any questions about its Medicaid rebates. As Ars reported last week, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) announced that, by misclassifying EpiPens for years, Mylan has been stiffing federal and state governments out of millions of dollars’ worth of rebates. The CMS said that it had notified Mylan of the mistake “on multiple occasions” since 2007, when the company bought the EpiPen from Merck. In the meantime, Mylan hiked the price of the life-saving devices on 15 separate occasions, reaching an increase of more than 500 percent. An EpiPen two-pack now goes for more than $600, while a nearly identical single pen was around just $50 in 2007. The steep rise in price has drawn outrage and scorn from the public and lawmakers. With the $465 million settlement, Mylan hopes to improve its public image. However, as part of the agreement, the company said it would not fess up to any wrongdoing. In a statement, Mylan CEO Heather Bresch said: This agreement is another important step in Mylan's efforts to move forward and bring resolution to all EpiPen Auto-Injector related matters. The agreement is in addition to the significant steps Mylan has taken in relation to EpiPen Auto-Injector over the past several weeks, including the unprecedented, pending launch of a generic version of EpiPen Auto-Injector and expansion of our patient access programs for this product. Entering into this settlement is the right course of action at this time for the Company, its stakeholders and the Medicaid program. The disagreement between the CMS and Mylan centers around how to classify EpiPens under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, which requires drug makers to offer the government rebates if their drugs are covered by Medicaid and Medicare. According to the CMS, EpiPen, which currently has no generic version and is under patent protection, is clearly a brand name, single-source drug. As such, the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program requires Mylan pay a rebate of 23.1 percent to the government. Also, Mylan would be required to cough up extra rebates any time it raised the price of its brand name drug at a rate higher than inflation, which it did—15 times. But, Mylan reported to the CMS that the EpiPen is a generic. As such, the company has only been paying 13 percent rebates and not shelling out anything after price hikes. Although the government has not released an estimated total of how much Mylan underpaid, the Minnesota Department of Health estimates that Mylan cost that state alone $4.3 million just in 2015. Under the terms of the settlement with the DOJ, Mylan will be clear of any liability claims by the federal and state governments related to EpiPens classification and rebates. Expand full story Reader comments 142 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Beth Mole / Beth is Ars Technica’s health reporter. She’s interested in biomedical research, infectious disease, health policy and law, and has a Ph.D. in microbiology.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice David Bowie art collection worth over $41mn at auction The Korea Herald > Business > Industry Foreign firms grapple with anti-graft law The following is the last in a series of articles featuring the impact of the landmark anti-corruption law that took effect on Sept. 28. - Ed.   Published : 2016-10-09 19:17 Updated : 2016-10-09 19:17 [THE INVESTOR] Multinational firms operating in Korea have been as puzzled as their local counterparts in preparing for what is considered to be one of the most stringent anti-graft laws in modern Korean history. The Improper Solicitation and Graft Act that went into effect on Sept. 28 limits public officials, journalists and private school teachers to giving or receiving a meal more than 30,000 won ($26.95), a gift of more than 50,000 won and a congratulatory or condolence payment of more than 100,000 won. Any type of illicit solicitation is prohibited as well. Industry sources say foreign companies have been preparing heavily for the law, drafting manuals and revising their internal codes of conduct way ahead of the enactment. “Foreign firms sought legal advice well before the Constitutional Court upheld the new law as constitutional in July,” said Lee Kwang-wook, a lawyer and partner at local law firm Yoon & Yang. These firms, according to the attorney, were in a hurry to prepare because their Korean offices are as vulnerable to the new law as their domestic counterparts. “It’s true foreign firms are under strict compliance rules from their home countries, but when it comes to their operations in South Korea, such as sales and PR activities, as well as working with government officials, they are not too different from local companies because they are basically working in a Korean business environment,” he said. According to industry insiders, the automobile, pharmaceutical and financial industries seemed likely to be most affected by the new law.  (123rf) No more lavish marketing campaigns To avoid trouble, foreign automakers are cutting down on marketing campaigns. In the past, a new car launching event was usually held at five-star hotels in Seoul, complete with media and high-profile industry figures. Sumptuous meals and expensive thank-you gifts were part of the perks. But under the new law, lavish press conferences are no longer an option. A press conference held on Sept. 29 -- a day after the anti-graft law went into effect -- by British luxury carmaker Rolls-Royce was one example of how such events might be handled in the future. Neither lunch nor gifts were offered, though the company did offer a bus ride to the venue, along with some finger food and soft drinks. Then there’s the issue of test-driving. In the past, automakers allowed reporters to drive their new cars for a few days when writing reviews. These cars were provided with a full gas tank that did not need refilling. The value of this provision, however, easily exceeds the limit stipulated in the anti-graft law. But as test-drives are a big part of marketing, carmakers are contemplating how to work around it. Mercedes-Benz, which is planning on releasing a new model later this year, said it will hold test-driving events that comply with the new law. Crackdown on pharma sector corruption The anti-graft law is also expected to deal a major blow to the pharmaceutical industry, which is notorious for rampant kickbacks offered to doctors. Just last month, former and current officials of the Korean unit of Swiss-based Novartis were indicted for paying billions of won as rebates to doctors for prescribing its products. Doctors and workers at major hospitals are now subject to the new law as they are classified as government officials if they work at a public hospital, and as faculty members if they work for university hospitals. Law violators can face up to 30 million won in fines or imprisonment of a maximum of three years. Foreign pharma firms, such as MSD Korea -- the local affiliate of US-based Merck & Co. -- and the Korean unit of UK-based GlaxoSmithKline, are educating employees to avoid any fallout. “We are communicating with the employees, along with our legal team, to help them avoid any breach of law,” a spokesperson of MSD Korea said. But the situation is not easy, pharma firms said, because some doctors are refusing to meet with their sales representatives altogether. Major university hospitals, such as Seoul National University Hospital and Korea University Hospital, have posted notices throughout their buildings warning staff about the new law. Confusion in financial sector In finance and banking sectors, firms are on a high alert due to the ambiguous clauses in the anti-graft law. “When the government entrusts funds or delegates authorities to financial institutions, both local and foreign, they become fiduciaries and are subject to the law,” said Yang Ho-seung, managing partner at Yoon & Yang law firm. But the Anti-Corruption and Civil Rights Commission -- the state entity in charge of the law -- hasn’t made an authoritative interpretation on the status of bank employees when they perform government services or deal with bureaucrats. The Korea Federation of Banks -- the association of local and foreign banks in Korea -- is waiting for the commission’s response on the issue. In the meantime, the association has asked the banks to limit their activities so that all costs stay under the figures stipulated in the new law. Foreign securities firms that also work closely with government organizations and media outlets have become extremely prudent. “Golf outings with investors and journalists have all been canceled,” according to a senior official at a foreign security firm, who declined to be named. “Brokerage firms and financial institutions acquire government approval for new financial products,” said Lee of Yoon & Yang. “But now these processes may be delayed since bankers are reluctant to contact government officials.”  By Ahn Sung-mi (sahn@heraldcorp.com) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. David Bowie art collection w... 2. Sting reopens Paris Bataclan... 3. ‘K2’ wraps up with top rat... 4. ‘Sound of Your Heart’ web ... 5. Jeju film fest opens with ‘... 6. BMW adds finesse to four-whe... 7. Filmmaker Frederick Wiseman ... 8. Brazil’s mega corruption sc... 9. Thousands rally, march in n... 10. Korea’s software still beh... 1. Hundreds of thousands gather... 2. Up to 1 million rally to de... 3. Cheong Wa Dae denies rumors ... 4. Harvard University students ... 5. Voices from the street 6. Korea uses machine guns in c... 7. Businesses vexed by probe t... 8. How Trump’s win will affec... 9. Unblushing Blue House 10. S. Korea uses machine guns i... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Lee Young-man | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Exclusive: Interview With DelMar Pharmaceutical CEO Jeffrey Bacha Brett Hershman , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 08, 2016 5:34pm   Comments Share: Related Events for the Week of Sept. 8-12 Related MRK Technical Alert - Merck Lower 2 Big Medical Marijuana Stocks Riding High Post-Election The Best Dividend Stocks In The Healthcare Sector After The Election (Seeking Alpha) Glioblastoma is a rare form of brain cancer that sees less than 200,000 new cases in the United States annually. Vancouver-based Biotech company DelMar Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ: DMPI) is making significant strides in fighting this rare disease. With maximum treatment, glioblastoma remains a devastating disease, with the most common length of survival following diagnosis being 12–15 months, with less than 3–5 percent of people surviving longer than five years. DelMar Pharmaceuticals is taking aggressive steps to combat this disease and create a more favorable outcome with those burdened with a glioblastoma diagnosis. Its product, VAL-083, is under clinical trials and isn't just some moonshot therapy. It possesses a unique anti-cancer mechanism to overcome chemotherapy resistance, a major reason why most glioblastoma patients don't make it. The company will transition to a late state clinical development this year. Related Link: Here's Why Seattle Genetics' Adcetris Is A $2 Billion Product Essentially, VAL-083 attacks the tumor's DNA at a different point compared to current therapy. Another key differentiator with VAL-083 is that it crosses the blood brain barrier, something that most chemotherapies are currently incapable of. This further strengthens its ability to treat brain tumors, which has been the company's primary area of clinical focus to date. "Median survival in the past had been 8 months for glioblastoma, just by adding our drug in addition to radiotherapy, lived 17 months, changing the game. There is clear evidence that we are going to do something in this population," said DelMar Pharmaceutical CEO Jeffrey Bacha in an exclusive Benzinga interview. "We really believe this drug can have an impact for patients in some very important and very large big cancer, while that is exciting from an investor point of view, but also from a patient point of view where patients have very little options, it is life changing," added Bacha. The market potential could be quite large. For example, Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK)'s brain cancer drug Temodar generated $989 million in revenue in 2013 before it came off patent. Glioblastoma is a billion-dollar market. "Even though we are starting out in a focused niche, it really does have true blockbuster potential," Bacha said. DelMar Pharmaceutical's new clinical studies are making headway for some patients and families desperate to find a cure for this devastating disease. Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Posted-In: cancer glioblastoma Jeffrey BachaBiotech Health Care Exclusives Interview General Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (MRK + DMPI) Technical Alert - Merck Lower 2 Big Medical Marijuana Stocks Riding High Post-Election Technical Alert: Merck Reaches $65 And Retreats Stocks Hitting 52-Week Highs Biotech Is Getting A Big Boost Following Clinton's Loss The Election Can't Come Soon Enough For Biotechs View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on DMPI Trending Recent 1 EROS, KORS: 18 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session 2 DUST, GDX: Gold Is Tumbling On Expectations Of Rising Interest Rates, Lo... 3 CNC, NVDA: 7 Biggest Price Target Changes For Friday 4 DIS, AMCX: Bob Iger Hinted At Disney's Next M&... 5 KORS, JCP: 7 Stocks To Watch For November 11, 2016 6 FCX, KMI: Jim Cramer Shares His Thou... 7 MSFT, TSLA: Trip Chowdhry ... 1 YELP, ANGI: 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios As The Post-Election Rally Fades 2 TWX, FOXA: The Simpsons And 7 Great TV Shows That Went On For Too Long 3 BABA: Bob Peck Reviews A Record Singles' Day For Alibaba 4 DIS: The Disney Story Just Became All About 2018 5 VIVHY, SNE: 6 Amazing Leonard Cohen Covers You Need To Hear 6 GOOGL, GOOG: YouTube's CEO On Why The Vid... 7 MQTRF, GWPH: Marijuana Legalization... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Hurricanes And Power Outages Unlikely To Stop Rising Natural Gas Prices Following Kite Pharma's Positive Top-Line Data, Focus Turns To Commercial Outlook
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Absolute Reports Tweet   MO Source Industry Professional Survey, Growth, Size, Shares, Forecast, Analysis and Supply Demand to 2021 This report studies sales (consumption) of MO Source in USA market, focuses on the top players, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player.   MO Source Industry - Absolute Reports (EMAILWIRE.COM, October 08, 2016 ) The MO Source Market Research Report is a comprehensive analysis of the market with a chapter wise explanation of each important aspect. The thorough analysis in this report enables one to understand the market in a better way and based on that knowledge make well-informed decisions. Detailed TOC and Charts & Tables of MO Source Market Research Report available at- http://www.absolutereports.com/united-states-mo-source-market-report-2016-n-10358219 The MO Source market overview is given in the first three chapters of this report. Definitions and classifications of the market are explained in this part and industry chain structure is explained. Various policies and news are also included. Various costs involved in the production of MO Source are discussed further. This includes labour cost, depreciation cost, raw material cost and other costs. Along with this, the production process is analysed with respect to various aspects like, manufacturing plant distribution, capacity, commercial production, R&D status, raw material source and technology source. This provides the basic information about the MO Source industry. Get a Sample of MO Source market research report from- http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10358219 Further in the MO Source market research report, following points are included along with in-depth study of each point: Marketing Strategy Analysis- It Includes Marketing Channel Analysis having Direct Marketing, Indirect Marketing and Marketing Channel Development Trend. Also, Market Positioning Trend is analysed which includes Pricing Strategy, Brand Strategy, Target Client and Distributors/Traders List. Production Analysis- Production of the MO Source is analysed with respect to different regions, types and applications. Here, price analysis of various MO Source market key players is also covered. Sales and Revenue Analysis- Both, sales and revenue are studied for the different regions of the global MO Source market. another major aspect, price, which plays important part in the revenue generation is also assessed in this section for the various regions. Supply and Consumption- In continuation with sales, this section studies supply and consumption for the MO Source market. This part also sheds light on the gap between supple and consumption. Import and export figures are also given in this part. Competitors- In this section, various MO Source industry leading players are studied with respect to their company profile, product portfolio, capacity, price, cost and revenue. This includes following firms: DOW Merck AKZO Nobel Sumitomo Chemical Albemarle Chemtura Lake LED Materials UBE Nata Opto-electronic Buy the Report at: http://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10358219 Other analyses- Apart from the aforementioned information, trade and distribution analysis for the MO Source market, contact information of major manufacturers, suppliers and key consumers is also given. Also, SWOT analysis for new projects and feasibility analysis for new investment are included. With the help of supply and consumption data, gap between these two is also explained. Get Discount on Purchase of this Report at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-discount/10358219 Both established and new players in the MO Source industry can use this report for complete understanding of the market. The Report Provides Insights on Major MO Source Industry Points such as: Applications of MO Source Industry Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of MO Source Market Raw Materials Sources Analysis of MO Source Market Price, Cost, Gross and Gross Margin Analysis of MO Source Market Supply, Consumption and Gap of MO Source Market 2016-2021 New Project SWOT Analysis of MO Source Market No. of Report Pages: 115 Price of Report (single User Licence): $ 3800 Have any query? Ask our Experts @ http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10358219 About Absolute Reports: Absolute Reports is an upscale platform to help key personnel in the business world in strategizing and taking visionary decisions based on facts and figures derived from in depth market research. We are one of the top report resellers in the market, dedicated towards bringing you an ingenious concoction of data parameters. Contact Mr. Ameya Pingaley Absolute Reports +1-408 520 9750 Email  sales@absolutereports.com www.absolutereports.com Get More Market Research Related News, visit http://www.instapressrelease.com/ Contact Information: Absolute Reports Mr. Ameya Pingaley Tel: +1-408 520 9750 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
 2016
