SearchSecurity Search the TechTarget Network Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access. Login SearchSecurity SearchCloudSecurity SearchNetworking SearchCIO SearchConsumerization SearchEnterpriseDesktop SearchCloudComputing ComputerWeekly Topic Windows Security: Alerts, Updates and Best Practices Operating System Security View All Alternative OS security: Mac, Linux, Unix, etc. Application attacks View All Application Firewall Security View All Database Security Management View All Email Protection View All Email and messaging threats Email Security Guidelines, Encryption and Appliances Vulnerability management View All Configuration Management Planning Patch management Security Testing and Ethical Hacking Vulnerability Risk Assessment Open source security View All Operating System Security View All Alternative OS security: Mac, Linux, Unix, etc. Windows Security: Alerts, Updates and Best Practices Secure SaaS View All Productivity applications View All Social media security View All Software development View All Virtualization security View All Web Security Tools and Best Practices View All Web Application and Web 2.0 Threats Web Application Security Web Browser Security Web server threats Web Services Security and SOA Security Please select a category Application attacks Application Firewall Security Database Security Management Email Protection Vulnerability management Open source security Operating System Security Secure SaaS Productivity applications Social media security Software development Virtualization security Web Security Tools and Best Practices Section News News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Sponsored Communities Intel chip flaw allows attackers to bypass ASLR protection by Michael Heller Senior Reporter Researchers devised an exploit of an Intel chip flaw that allows an adversary to bypass ASLR protection and potentially boost the effectiveness of an attack on any platform. In this Article Share this item with your network: Related Content New hacking method stealthily attacks Macs with ... – SearchSecurity address space layout randomization (ASLR) – SearchSecurity How can enterprises prevent ASLR bypass flaws? – SearchSecurity Sponsored News Scaled-Down ROBO Footprint –SimpliVity The 4 Ways Hyperconvergence Improves IT for Distributed Organizations –SimpliVity See More Vendor Resources A Survey of Zero-day Attacks in 2013 and What They Say About the Traditional ... –FireEye e-Guide: Evolving IT security threats: Inside Web-based, social engineering ... –SearchSecurity.com A dangerous new Intel chip flaw found by researchers could allow adversaries to mount more potent attacks on all... Sign in for existing members Continue Reading This Article Enjoy this article as well as all of our content, including E-Guides, news, tips and more. Step 2 of 2: You forgot to provide an Email Address. This email address doesn’t appear to be valid. This email address is already registered. Please login. You have exceeded the maximum character limit. Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address. By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent. By submitting your personal information, you agree that TechTarget and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content, products and special offers. You also agree that your personal information may be transferred and processed in the United States, and that you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. software platforms and even across virtualization boundaries. Dmitry Evtyushkin and Dmitry Ponomarev, a Ph.D. student and professor, respectively, in the department of computer science at SUNY Binghamton, and Nael Abu-Ghazaleh, professor and computer scientist at the University of California, Riverside, described an attack that could reliably recover kernel address space layout randomization (ASLR) "in about 60 milliseconds when performed on a real Haswell processor running a recent version of Linux," in their paper, "Jump Over ASLR: Attacking Branch Predictors to Bypass ASLR." According to the researchers, the trouble arises from Intel's use of the branch target buffer (BTB) in its chips. "Branch predictors are critical to performance of modern processors. One of the main components of the branch prediction hardware is the branch target buffer," they wrote. "The BTB stores target addresses of recently executed branch instructions, so that those addresses can be obtained directly from a BTB lookup to fetch instructions starting at the target in the next cycle. Since the BTB is shared by several applications executing on the same core, information leakage from one application to another through the BTB side channel is possible." Abu-Ghazaleh told SearchSecurity although the team used Intel's Haswell chips for testing, "It's likely that [other Intel chips] are vulnerable as well, since they use the same general principles for the branch predictor, but the specifics and whether we can recover all of ASLR depends on the configuration." In the new attack described by the researchers, using the side-channel information from the BTB allows an attacker to "recover all random bits of the kernel addresses and reduce the entropy of user-level randomization." "Our attack only requires the control of a user-level process and does not rely on any explicit memory disclosures," the researchers wrote. "The key insight that makes the new BTB-based side channel possible is that the BTB collisions between two user-level processes, and between a user process and the kernel, can be created by the attacker in a controlled and robust manner." The researchers said the purpose of ASLR "is to make it difficult, if not impossible, for the attacker to know the location of specific code pages in the program's address space." So, being able to bypass ASLR could lead to a number of attacks. "All current operating systems supporting randomizations implement variants of ASLR for both user- and kernel-level address spaces. Kernel-level ASLR (KASLR) randomizes kernel code segments and can stop attacks that require knowledge of the kernel address space layout (including [return-oriented programming], jump-oriented programming, return-to-libc, ret-2-user and other attacks)," the researchers wrote. Andre Joseph, consultant at Cigital Inc., based in Dulles, Va., told SearchSecurity that being able to bypass ASLR is a very dangerous capability for an attacker to have. "It's an important defense-in-depth measure, since it makes it much harder for an attacker to leverage overflow attacks by randomizing the location of attacker code," Joseph said. "Once sufficiently randomized, the attacker will not know where to make the instruction pointer flow in order to execute their code." In addition to the Intel chip flaw potentially allowing an attacker to bypass ASLR on any platform, Felix Wilhelm, security researcher at ERNW Research, based in Germany, showed a proof-of-concept tool for leaking the base address of the KVM hypervisor kernel module from a guest virtual machine. However, Wilhelm noted a few restrictions to performing the attack in a virtualized environment, depending on the implementation. Joseph said multiple processors might provide the most difficulty in performing the attack. "It certainly seems easier to obtain the kernel ASLR bits instead of user-application ASLR bits. It becomes especially problematic for application ASLR if you have multiple cores," Joseph told SearchSecurity. "They pose methods of forcing the victim application onto the same core as the malicious process, but I'm not sure how reliable those methods would really be in practice. In order for the user-space ASLR exploit to work, you'd need both processes on the same processor, since each processor will have a different BTB." The researchers said software countermeasures would have limited efficacy "because they are not able to control how branches are mapped to the BTB entries, thus they do not address the root cause of the side channel." But they said finer-grained ASLR schemes or fuzzing the time-stamp counter could make the attack more difficult. However, the researchers concluded that changes to Intel processors would be far more effective. "A hardware solution that would fundamentally mitigate the BTB-based attacks is to change the BTB-addressing mechanism in a way that prevents exploitable collisions in the BTB. The attack against KASLR can be mitigated by using full virtual address for accessing the BTB, thus eliminating collisions between the user code and the kernel code." Intel did not respond to comment requests at the time of this post. Next Steps Learn more about an Android Stagefright exploit that can bypass ASLR. Find out how enterprises can prevent ASLR bypass flaws. Get info on what ASLR means to Windows security. Dig Deeper on Windows Security: Alerts, Updates and Best Practices All News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Microsoft claims Windows zero-day exploited by Russian state actors Windows atom tables vulnerable to code-injection attack Adobe Flash patch for Flash zero-day exploit on Windows How is Windows hot patching exploited by APT groups? Load More View All Microsoft claims Windows zero-day exploited by Russian state actors Windows atom tables vulnerable to code-injection attack Adobe Flash patch for Flash zero-day exploit on Windows Windows Bash could open the door to more Linux-based attacks Load More View All News A first look at Windows 10 security features address space layout randomization (ASLR) Microsoft Security Essentials (MSE) Microsoft Enhanced Mitigation Experience Toolkit (EMET) Load More View All Get started How is Windows hot patching exploited by APT groups? Why did QuickTime for Windows move to end of life so abruptly? How has Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection improved? How does the banking Trojan Dyreza exploit Windows 10? Load More View All Evaluate How is Windows AppLocker whitelisting bypassed by Regsvr32? How does the EMET 5.0 vulnerability allow attackers to turn it off? Coping with new Windows 10 patch security issues Secure updates are difficult, but less risky than not patching Load More View All Manage Why did QuickTime for Windows move to end of life so abruptly? Secure updates are difficult, but less risky than not patching How can outdated ActiveX controls be blocked? Windows Forensic Analysis Toolkit: Advanced Analysis Techniques for Windows 8, Fourth Edition Load More View All Problem solve PRO+ Content Find more PRO+ content and other member only offers, here. E-Handbook Runtime application self-protection from A to Z E-Handbook New tactics for better endpoint security threat prevention E-Zine Identity of things moves beyond manufacturing Michael Heller asks: How do you think Intel should handle this flaw allowing an attacker to bypass ASLR? Join the Discussion Join the conversation 1 comment Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  [-] Michael Heller - 19 Oct 2016 11:35 AM How do you think Intel should handle this flaw allowing an attacker to bypass ASLR? Add My Comment Cancel   -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources Cloud Security Networking CIO Consumerization Enterprise Desktop Cloud Computing Computer Weekly SearchCloudSecurity Cloud DDoS protection: What enterprises need to know DDoS attacks are a continuing problem, and enterprises should consider using cloud DDoS protection services. Expert Frank Siemons... Q&A: Western Union's unique strategy to secure cloud services Mike Bartholomy of Western Union explains how the financial services company has embraced employee use of cloud services and how ... Legacy security tools challenge companies facing cloud migration Traditional security tools designed for data centers don't work well in cloud environments. New approaches are needed, according ... SearchNetworking Startups launch verification technology to help manage networks Forward Networks and Veriflow Systems have introduced verification technology to help engineers manage corporate networks. Learn network cabling through 10 quick, but comprehensive, lessons Network cabling may seem basic, but it's integral to your network infrastructure. This series of 10 lessons for networking pros ... Unstructured data analysis is critical, but difficult Sometimes, it's hard to know if your data is just garbage out, unless you have the right big data implementation analysis and ... SearchCIO Hindered by legacy IT systems, Texas CIO forges a way ahead Over half of the roughly 4,000 business applications in use by the state of Texas are classified as legacy IT systems. CIO Todd ... Does 2016 mark the birth of the AR/VR enterprise? The AR/VR enterprise gets real: From carmakers to retailers, augmented reality and virtual reality tools are changing how workers... Presidential election predictions cast doubt on data analysis Donald Trump's surprise presidential election win has media, pollsters soul-searching on the predictive power of data. Also in ... SearchConsumerization Android, Windows tablets from HP take aim at business users HP released a new line of tablets targeting business users. The HP Pro Slate 8 and Pro Slate 12 run Android and cost $449 and ... Microsoft to lay off 18,000, Nokia X moves to Windows Phone Microsoft will lay off 18,000 people over the next year while the Nokia X line of Android smartphones, which was unveiled earlier... Microsoft Surface Pro 3 vs. Microsoft Surface Pro 2 Surface Pro 2 and Surface Pro 3 are different enough that Microsoft is keeping both on the market as competing products. Which ... SearchEnterpriseDesktop LANDesk Workspaces helps simplify IT workflows with role-based portals LANDesk Workspaces assigns users one of five profiles, including End User and IT Analyst, to deliver different IT resources and ... Take on Windows 10 Wi-Fi problems and address Wi-Fi Sense Windows 10 Wi-Fi connectivity is not as straightforward as it sounds. Microsoft moved the Wi-Fi settings and added security risks... How to repair damaged or corrupt Windows system files Windows system files are the lifeblood of the OS. Admins can use tools such as System File Checker and Deployment Image Servicing... SearchCloudComputing Implement multifactor methods of authentication for public cloud Multifactor authentication is a critical step for securing IT apps and resources. Explore options for enabling and managing this ... Kubernetes support signals Switzerland play for Azure Container Service Azure Container Service isn't picking sides in the debate about orchestration, adding Kubernetes support and offering more ... OpenStack skills shortage makes deployment an ongoing challenge Enterprises that pursue OpenStack deployments often scramble to find IT professionals experienced with the open source platform. ... ComputerWeekly GSMA calls for global 5G agenda As advanced preparations begin for the next World Radiocommunication Conference in 2019, the GSMA calls on governments to work ... Government launches digital trade platform The Department for International Trade launches an online digital trade hub to help businesses gain access to international ... Google to deliver VR tech training to a million UK schoolchildren Internet giant is launching a programme to introduce virtual reality technology to UK schools and teach children how to use it About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Videos Photo Stories Guides Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors CPE and CISSP Training Reprints Archive Site Map Events E-Products All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2000 - 2016, TechTarget Close
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: What Happened in the Stock Market Today Intel and Vasco were two of the biggest movers as indexes rose on Wednesday. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Oct 19, 2016 at 4:58PM Image source: Getty Images. Stocks posted moderate gains on Wednesday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJINDICES:^DJI) and the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX:^GSPC) indexes both adding less than a quarter of a percentage point. Today's stock market Index Percentage Change Point Change Dow 0.22% 40.68 S&P 500 0.22%  4.69 Data source: Yahoo! Finance. Oil prices touched their highest point in a year thanks to news of growing supply, and that bounce helped push the United States Oil Fund ETF (NYSEMKT:USO) to a 2% gain. Meanwhile, VanEck Vectors Gold Miners ETF (NYSEMKT:GDX) rose by 3% thanks to an uptick in the price of gold as the U.S. dollar further weakened against major currencies. Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) and Vasco (NASDAQ:VDSI) stocks made notable moves on Wednesday as investors reacted to updates from the companies on their latest growth trajectories. Intel's downbeat forecast Down 6%, Intel was the worst performer on the Dow despite announcing solid third-quarter results. The tech titan posted double-digit sales growth in its data center and Internet of Things divisions, which helped overall revenue jump 9% to $15.8 billion.  Image source: Getty Images. Earnings rose at a slightly slower pace as gross profitability slipped. Yet Intel still generated $0.69 in earnings per share, 8% higher than the prior-year period and just above management's September guidance. "We're executing well," CEO Brian Krzanich said in a press release, "and these results show Intel's continuing transformation to a company that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected devices." Investors looked past those healthy gains to focus on the relatively weak projections for the quarter ahead. Its sales growth guidance calls for a 5% improvement to $15.7 billion, while consensus estimates were hoping for closer to $15.9 billion. Profits are expected to decline, meanwhile, as Intel ramps up investments in the business including spending on factory costs for the new 10-nanometer node.   Neither of these challenges mean that Intel's growth plan is in danger. But they do highlight the fact that many of its markets, especially the consumer PC segment, aren't fully recovered yet. Vasco lowers its growth outlook Shares of digital security specialist Vasco dove by 16% following its preliminary third-quarter earnings report that showed a surprising slowdown in demand. Revenue will weigh in at $43 million this quarter, executives explained, as the company barely broke even with profits of $0.01 per share. These figures are below management's expectations and reflect weaker demand for its digital signature products in the European market. "Some of our large banking customers are adapting to market pressures and the need for digital transformation," CEO Kendall Hunt said in a press release. "As a result, they are delaying the placement of orders." Vasco believes these orders will eventually show up in future quarters, but it isn't projecting a quick rebound. In fact, executives scaled back their full-year sales guidance to $190 million from the $210 million they had last forecast. Earnings will take a hit from this decline as well, with operating income now seen coming in below the 11% that Vasco was targeting for the year.  Management promised more detail on profitability and operating trends when the company announces its full quarterly report on Oct. 27. Until then, investors will need to lower their expectations to account for Vasco's struggles in a European banking market that makes up the bulk of its business. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Oct 19, 2016 at 4:58PM Consumer Goods Stocks DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE DJINDICES:^DJI $18,923.06 up $54.37 (0.29%) S&P 500 INDEX SNPINDEX:^GSPC $2,180.39 up $16.19 (0.75%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Market Vectors Gold Miners ETF NYSEMKT:GDX $22.02 up $0.90 (4.26%) United States Oil Fund NYSEMKT:USO $10.34 up $0.47 (4.76%) VASCO Data Security International NASDAQ:VDSI $15.00 no change (0.00%) Read More Investor Beat: Dec. 6, 2013 8 Top Stocks to Buy in June Can Amazon Do What Intel, Apple, and Google Failed to Do? Investor Beat - Oct. 4, 2013 What to Watch in the Stock Market This Week California's Blue Chip Stocks Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Here's Why Intel Corporation Shares Plunged After Earnings A short-term disappointment doesn't alter the fundamental long-term picture. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 19, 2016 at 5:23PM Image source: Intel.  After microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) reported its financial results for the third quarter of 2016 and offered a forecast for the fourth quarter, the company's shares dropped more than 5% in after-hours trading. Although Intel reported strong financial results (revenue for the quarter was better than guided, for example), the drop -- at least in the near term -- appears to be justified. Here's why. Guidance miss relative to expectations Intel's revised financial guidance for the quarter called for $15.6 billion in revenue -- representing the midpoint of the range that Intel provided -- thanks to an uptick in sales of chips that go into personal computers. Intel actually delivered $15.8 billion in revenue, handily beating the midpoint of its revised guidance and analyst consensus of $15.58 billion. So why is the stock taking a drubbing if it actually beat analyst estimates? The fourth-quarter guidance miss Analysts were expecting Intel to guide to revenue of around $15.86 billion for the fourth quarter of the year; Intel guided to $15.7 billion -- missing expectations, albeit slightly. Investors often place greater value on future performance and less on past performance, which is probably a large reason the stock is selling off. However, the problems run a little bit deeper than a headline guidance miss; there was a pretty significant red flag in the company's earnings report -- particularly in its results for its highly important data center group business. (If you're unfamiliar with why this segment is so important to Intel and its investors, read this.) The data center disappointment During the first half of the year, Intel's data center business delivered disappointing revenue growth relative to its long-term 15% compounded annual growth rate guidance and even its full-year guidance of low-double-digit percentage growth -- 9% in the first quarter and just 5% in the second quarter. Despite those lackluster results in the first half of 2016, Intel management insisted that it could still hit its double-digit growth target for the year as a result of a significant reacceleration during the second half of the year. Intel's data center group achieved just 10% year-over-year growth in the third quarter and, unsurprisingly, guided down full-year expectations to just "high-single-digit growth." Although the better-than-expected results in the company's personal computer chip business helped to bolster the quarterly results -- even the "worse than expected" fourth-quarter guidance still represents a healthy number -- investors are very sensitive to the performance of the company's data center group. Remember, Intel and many investors have basically written off hopes of ever seeing its PC business as a "growth" business again -- it's a large cash cow that's going to milked for every last dollar of operating profit that it can reasonably produce. The data center group, on the other hand, represents the company's best hope over the long term at sustainable growth, since the markets it serves are generally growing. If this shows signs of faltering, then Intel's growth prospects may appear dimmer -- leading to a lower share price. Should investors panic? Although the headline results might seem bad, things look better when one takes a look under the covers. The bulk of Intel's data center group revenue comes from the sale of processors, and according to the company's 2015 investor meeting, those processor sales can be broken down into three major categories: Enterprise server. Cloud server. High-performance computing, workstations, networking, and storage. Intel's prior forecast called for each of these segments to represent roughly a third of the processor revenue that its data center group generates in 2016. Image source: Intel.  According to Intel, although the second two categories performed well -- and they're generally viewed as the healthy and growing sub-segments of Intel's data center business -- the enterprise server portion of its business came in worse than expected. Intel says it was looking for enterprise-related revenue to be roughly flat, but it wound up declining about 3% in the quarter. The good news here is that the sub-segments that have historically been growing are still growing, so it's not as though these results cast doubt over the long-term trends that this business is expected to benefit from. It just so happens that one generally problematic and disappointing sub-segment was a little more problematic and disappointing than is usually the case. So although the data center results were disappointing, they're hardly cause to freak out over. If you liked Intel's long-term prospects before the earnings report, then this one "miss" really shouldn't change that fundamental view. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 19, 2016 at 5:23PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Could Intel's Latest AI Partnership Hurt Ambarella? 3 Ways Intel Corporation Has Changed in 3 Years Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: What Happened in the Stock Market Today Intel and Vasco were two of the biggest movers as indexes rose on Wednesday. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Oct 19, 2016 at 4:58PM Image source: Getty Images. Stocks posted moderate gains on Wednesday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJINDICES:^DJI) and the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX:^GSPC) indexes both adding less than a quarter of a percentage point. Today's stock market Index Percentage Change Point Change Dow 0.22% 40.68 S&P 500 0.22%  4.69 Data source: Yahoo! Finance. Oil prices touched their highest point in a year thanks to news of growing supply, and that bounce helped push the United States Oil Fund ETF (NYSEMKT:USO) to a 2% gain. Meanwhile, VanEck Vectors Gold Miners ETF (NYSEMKT:GDX) rose by 3% thanks to an uptick in the price of gold as the U.S. dollar further weakened against major currencies. Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) and Vasco (NASDAQ:VDSI) stocks made notable moves on Wednesday as investors reacted to updates from the companies on their latest growth trajectories. Intel's downbeat forecast Down 6%, Intel was the worst performer on the Dow despite announcing solid third-quarter results. The tech titan posted double-digit sales growth in its data center and Internet of Things divisions, which helped overall revenue jump 9% to $15.8 billion.  Image source: Getty Images. Earnings rose at a slightly slower pace as gross profitability slipped. Yet Intel still generated $0.69 in earnings per share, 8% higher than the prior-year period and just above management's September guidance. "We're executing well," CEO Brian Krzanich said in a press release, "and these results show Intel's continuing transformation to a company that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected devices." Investors looked past those healthy gains to focus on the relatively weak projections for the quarter ahead. Its sales growth guidance calls for a 5% improvement to $15.7 billion, while consensus estimates were hoping for closer to $15.9 billion. Profits are expected to decline, meanwhile, as Intel ramps up investments in the business including spending on factory costs for the new 10-nanometer node.   Neither of these challenges mean that Intel's growth plan is in danger. But they do highlight the fact that many of its markets, especially the consumer PC segment, aren't fully recovered yet. Vasco lowers its growth outlook Shares of digital security specialist Vasco dove by 16% following its preliminary third-quarter earnings report that showed a surprising slowdown in demand. Revenue will weigh in at $43 million this quarter, executives explained, as the company barely broke even with profits of $0.01 per share. These figures are below management's expectations and reflect weaker demand for its digital signature products in the European market. "Some of our large banking customers are adapting to market pressures and the need for digital transformation," CEO Kendall Hunt said in a press release. "As a result, they are delaying the placement of orders." Vasco believes these orders will eventually show up in future quarters, but it isn't projecting a quick rebound. In fact, executives scaled back their full-year sales guidance to $190 million from the $210 million they had last forecast. Earnings will take a hit from this decline as well, with operating income now seen coming in below the 11% that Vasco was targeting for the year.  Management promised more detail on profitability and operating trends when the company announces its full quarterly report on Oct. 27. Until then, investors will need to lower their expectations to account for Vasco's struggles in a European banking market that makes up the bulk of its business. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Oct 19, 2016 at 4:58PM Consumer Goods Stocks DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE DJINDICES:^DJI $18,923.06 up $54.37 (0.29%) S&P 500 INDEX SNPINDEX:^GSPC $2,180.39 up $16.19 (0.75%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Market Vectors Gold Miners ETF NYSEMKT:GDX $22.02 up $0.90 (4.26%) United States Oil Fund NYSEMKT:USO $10.34 up $0.47 (4.76%) VASCO Data Security International NASDAQ:VDSI $15.00 no change (0.00%) Read More Investor Beat: Dec. 6, 2013 8 Top Stocks to Buy in June Can Amazon Do What Intel, Apple, and Google Failed to Do? Investor Beat - Oct. 4, 2013 What to Watch in the Stock Market This Week California's Blue Chip Stocks Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Morgan Stanley and Halliburton climb; Intel and Cree fall By Associated Press Published: 16:45 EST, 19 October 2016 | Updated: 16:45 EST, 19 October 2016 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily on Wednesday: Intel Corp., down $2.24 to $35.51 The world's largest chipmaker reported disappointing revenue and investors were unenthusiastic about its guidance. Morgan Stanley, up 61 cents to $32.93 The bank reported solid earnings, thanks in part to strong results from its trading and bond-selling businesses. Manhattan Associates Inc., down $6.15 to $52.85 The business software company reported weak sales and cut its revenue guidance. Cree Inc., down $2.79 to $22.41 The lighting maker posted another quarter of weak sales and its guidance missed estimates. Halliburton Co., up $2 to $49.07 The oil and gas drilling service company posted a surprise profit in the third quarter. Transocean Ltd., up 56 cents to $10.46 Energy companies led stocks higher as the price of oil jumped. Starbucks Inc., up 54 cents to $53.15 The coffee chain said it plans to double the number of its stores in China in five years. Reynolds American Inc., down 98 cents to $46.29 Reynolds American led cigarette makers lower after it disclosed weak results and lower sales volumes. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED 'You need to be there in one hour!' Justin Bieber 'invites six girls to his hotel suite' after placing social media request for female company in Prague 'There's certainly no love lost between them': Laura Whitmore and Giovanni Pernice 'embroiled in backstage feud' before tearful elimination from Strictly Come Dancing My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Fifi Geldof flogs her used make-up online for £2: PR assistant uses website to sell more than 100 items including lipsticks and eyeliners Flogging accessories online via Depop Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'Neither is willing to betray anything intimate': Michael Fassbender and girlfriend Alicia Vikander have agreement not to discuss relationship Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway 'Turn haters into motivators!': Khloe Kardashian whips fans into shape in trailer for new TV series Revenge Body Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  'I think we'd be great together!' Billy Bob Thornton wants to work with ex-wife Angelina Jolie's estranged husband Brad Pitt  Told Playboy he even has a role in mind  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in magical gown at Fantastic Beasts premiere... but is her dress silver or gold? Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Move over Miley! Little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first single Make Me (Cry) Her turn to make her mark on music industry Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
News Computers Review: D-Link AC5300 Ultra Wi-Fi Router (DIR-895L) Amped Wireless ATHENA-AP AC2600 Access Point shipping this month Review: eero Home WiFi System Belkin unveils Thunderbolt 3 accessories range Review: IcyDock FlexCage (MB973SP-2B) Networking Review: D-Link AC5300 Ultra Wi-Fi Router (DIR-895L) Amped Wireless ATHENA-AP AC2600 Access Point shipping this month Review: eero Home WiFi System NETGEAR’s Nighthawk X10 boasts 7.2 Gbps speeds, 10G port, Plex Media Server 10 Great 10G Networking Products for Prosumers Smart Home How to: Get Up and Running With Philips Hue Review: Remocam Smart Home Security Camera Kwikset Kevo adds IFTTT support TP-Link grows lighting range with colour-changing LB130 Smart Wi-Fi Bulb Amazon launches new case range for Echo Dot Home Servers Connecting Client PCs to Windows Server Essentials 2016 Installing Windows Server 2016 Essentials (Part 3) Thecus Refreshes Windows Server Essentials Line With W4810 NAS Installing Windows Server 2016 Essentials (Part 2) Installing Windows Server 2016 Essentials (Part 1) Home Cinema Denon HEOS multi-room audio platform to get Alexa voice control Review: Epson EH-TW5210 Full HD Projector Review: Bowers & Wilkins P7 Wireless Headphones Bowers & Wilkins P9 Signature Headphones Unveiled Review: JBL Clip2 and Charge3 Mobile Review: JBL Clip2 and Charge3 Review: Belkin Base for Apple Pencil Review: Belkin PowerHouse Charge Dock for Apple Watch + iPhone Belkin’s Mixit Lightning to USB Keychain Keeps You Connected On the Road Review: weBoost EQO Cell Phone Signal Booster Features Reviews Review: D-Link AC5300 Ultra Wi-Fi Router (DIR-895L) Review: Remocam Smart Home Security Camera Review: eero Home WiFi System Review: IcyDock FlexCage (MB973SP-2B) Review: TP-Link Smart Wi-Fi LED Bulb (LB120) How to Guides How to: Get Up and Running With Philips Hue Connecting Client PCs to Windows Server Essentials 2016 Installing Windows Server 2016 Essentials (Part 3) Installing Windows Server 2016 Essentials (Part 2) Installing Windows Server 2016 Essentials (Part 1) Unboxing Unboxing: Tenda AC9 Wireless AC1200 Router Unboxed: IcyDock FlexCage Unboxed: IcyDock IcyCube Storage Enclosure Unboxed: Actiontec MyWirelessTV2 Wireless HD Video Kit Unboxed: Actiontec WEB6000Q Wireless Network Extender Forums Store More Subscribe Send a Tip Contact Write for We Got Served About Us CES 2016, Computers, News, Storage 10 Great Thunderbolt 3 Products for 2016 Terry WalshJan 11, 2016, 10:05 amOct 31, 2016 12 36.4K shares Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Reddit Email Subscribe Join the mailing list Sign up to our mailing list and you will receive the latest news, reviews and how to guides delivered directly to your inbox. You can unsubscribe at any time. Thank you for subscribing. Something went wrong. Thanks for signing up! If you’re a tech enthusiast, you’ll know all about Thunderbolt. It’s a versatile hardware connector that combines high-speed data transfers with audio and video display. First launched in 2011, with the development name Light Peak, Thunderbolt was invested by a partnership of tech luminaries, including Intel, Apple, LaCie and others. The first iteration of the technology debuted on the 2011 Apple MacBook Pro with other Thunderbolt-equipped models following. On the PC side, manufacturers were reasonably slow to adopt Thunderbolt (preferring the lower cost USB 3.0) despite heavy championing by Intel.  The Thunderbolt 2 (Falcon Ridge) standard arrived in 2013, doubling data transfer speeds to 20 Gbps and the connector began to pop up on motherboards from ASUS, Gigabyte and ASRock, alongside PCs from Dell, HP, Lenovo and others. According to Intel, at the end of 2015, over 100 million computers are equipped with the Thunderbolt interface, with more than 250 peripherals on the market. Here we are in early 2016, and Thunderbolt 3 (Alpine Ridge) is ready to roll! The latest version of the standard brings a big physical change in the switch the USB-C connector (any USB Type-C cable will work in a Thunderbolt 3 port but you’ll need a Thunderbolt cable to connect to a Thunderbolt 3 device). Speeds are doubled to 40 Gbps, and Intel boasts that you’ll be able to drive dual 4K displays at 60 Hz. With the switch to USB-C (as an Alternate Mode), Thunderbolt 3 ports are power enabled, offering up to 100W charging power for notebooks and 15W to bus-powered devices. Thunderbolt cables are now more versatile than ever, supporting a range of protocols including Thunderbolt itself, DisplayPort, USB and PCI Express. Update (October 2016): With Apple announcing a new range of MacBook Pro laptops supporting Thunderbolt 3, we’ve taken the opportunity to refresh this list with another ten great Thunderbolt 3 products to check out. Twenty for the price of ten? Sounds like a great deal! Apple MacBook Pro (2016) While the likes of Acer, Dell and HP have already launched products supporting Thunderbolt 3, it’s the launch of the new Apple MacBook Pro that will drive the technology into mainstream use. The guys from Cupertino have announced 13 and 15″ editions of the 2016 MacBook Pro, all of which rock Thunderbolt 3 ports. The entry level 13″ MacBook Pro is priced at $1,499 and is powered by a 2 GHz Intel Core i5 Skylake processor, partnered with 8 GB RAM. Two Thunderbolt 3 ports are equipped, supporting 40 Gbps data transfers, two 5K displays and accessory charging. While the base model lacks Apple’s new Touch Bar and Touch ID features, you’ll find them included further up the range, which extends all the way to the $2,799 15″ MacBook Pro. It offers four Thunderbolt 3 ports, 16 GB RAM, an Intel Core i7 Skylake CPU, discreet AMD Radeon Pro 455 with 2GB memory and more. Of course, you’re welcome to spec the MacBook Pro with even more advanced features should your wallet allow! The world’s best laptop? Let the debate rage on! Apple Thunderbolt 3 & USB-C Cables Shell out all that hard earned cash on a new MacBook Pro and, of course, you’ll expect all the cables and adapters you need will be included in the box, right? Well, think again. With Cupertino desperate to prop up declining iPad sales, it looks as if the company is driving margins hard by encouraging Mac enthusiasts to plump for a range of reasonably pricey connectors for the new dream machines. The $49 Apple Thunderbolt 3 (USB-C) to Thunderbolt 2 Adapter allows you to connect any of your existing Thunderbolt 2 devices to the MacBook Pro’s Thunderbolt 3 USB-C port. It’s a bidirectional adapter, so it can also connect new Thunderbolt 3 devices to a Mac with a Thunderbolt or Thunderbolt 2 port (but you’ll need MacOS Sierra or later on board).   Other cables that you’ll need to check out are the $19 USB-C Charging Cable, $25 1m USB-C to Lightning Cable (for iPhone and iPad users), $19 USB-C to USB Adapter, Belkin’s $34.95 USB-C to Gigabit Ethernet Adapter and the $69 USB-C Digital AV Multiport Adapter which includes a HDMI connection, a standard USB port and a USB-C charging port. There are, of course, third-party versions of some of these adapters and cables available at cheaper prices. Be sure to check out the reviews of these before purchasing and, if possible, stick to brands you know. New MacBook owners should definitely check out our guide to this year’s Essential USB 3.1 Gen 2 products too. ASUS ThunderboltEX 3 Expansion Card for Z170 & X99 Motherboards Switching to the Windows desktop world now, owners of newer Z170 and X99 motherboards will want to check out the new ASUS ThunderboltEX 3 Expansion Card, which provides a reasonably quick and easy way to upgrade desktop PCs with Thunderbolt 3 support. The $69 PCIe card slots into the motherboard, adding one USB Type-C port supporting Thunderbolt 3, USB 3.1 and DisplayPort 1.2 connections, Mini DP In, plus a secondary USB 3.1 Type-A port. The card supports USB Power Delivery specs for up to 36W charging and upgrades data transfer speeds to 40 Gbps. Akitio Thunder3 PCIe Expansion Box The Akitio Thunder3 PCIe Box is an expansion chassis that provides an additional PCIe slot for Thunderbolt 3 computers. It’s a great solution for scenarios where installing an internal expansion card is not an option or for desktop systems where there is not enough space for additional PCIe cards. Connecting via USB-C, the onboard Thunderbolt 3 interface supports two additional USB-C ports, a dedicated DisplayPort for hooking up an additional monitor, plus a second Thunderbolt port supporting Thunderbolt 3, USB 3.1, and DisplayPort devices. Clad in aluminium, the Thunder3 allows you to daisy-chain up to 6 Thunderbolt devices The Thunder3’s PCIe (x16) slot supports half-length, full-height, double-width cards with a 4 lane PCI Express 3.0 compliant interface. It’s priced at $299 and available now. HP Spectre X360   If you’re seeking a Windows laptop to give the Apple MacBook Pro a run for its money, the HP Spectre X360 may fit the bill. It’s a convertible 2-in-1 laptop, available in 13 and 15″ sizes. It’s powered by the latest Intel “Kaby Lake” processor and is just 13.8mm (0.54 inches) at its thickest point. A pair of USB-C ports support Thunderbolt 3 connections, while an integrated infra-red camera enables Windows Hello biometric authentication. Simply look at the screen, and the Spectre X360 unlocks. The new HP Spectre x360 is available to order now, priced from $1,049.99. Cable Matters USB-C to HDMI / VGA / Ethernet / USB Multiport 4K UHD Adapter   Adopting new technology can see the costs rack up, so it’s good to know there are some good value Thunderbolt 3 compatible accessories available that won’t break the bank. The Cable Matters USB-C to HDMI / VGA / Ethernet / USB Multiport 4K UHD Adapter is one of them. Fully compatible with Thunderbolt 3, the $45 adapter supports multiple connections, including Gigabit Ethernet, USB 3.0, and an HDMI or VGA video port over a single USB-C connection. 4K UHD (3840×2160 @ 30Hz) display over HDMI is available, while you can also connect a flash drive, mouse, or a smartphone for data transfers and syncing. It’s not the prettiest, but versatile it most certainly is. StarTech.com Thunderbolt 3 Dual-4K Docking Station for Laptops StarTech’s $185 Thunderbolt 3 docking station is a sleek accessory for Windows PCs, allowing connection of your laptop to dual-4K displays (60Hz) & multiple peripherals at speeds up to 40Gbps, with a single cable. Sadly, there’s no support for Macs, but Windows users can connect dual UHD displays or a single 5K 60 Hz displays should they wish. The dock features two Thunderbolt 3 USB-C ports, as well as DisplayPort video output. For dual 4K video capability, you can use a 4K 60Hz capable video adapter to connect a second 4K 60Hz display to one of the dock’s Thunderbolt 3 USB-C peripheral ports, the company says. USB fast-charge and sync is supported (compliant with USB Battery Charging Specification 1.2) while you’ll also find an additional USB-C port (5Gbps – data only), and a Gigabit Ethernet port. Intel NUC NUC6i7KYK Mini PC Scoring eleven on the ten point awesomeness scale for mini PCs is the latest Intel NUC, the NUC6i7KYK. Small but mighty, this NUC is powered by a 6th generation Skylake Intel Core i7 processor and Intel Iris Pro Graphics. Its Thunderbolt 3 interface supports up to three 4K displays and allows you to further accelerate graphics performance with external graphics cards and transfer data to and from an external drive at 40 Gbps. As will all NUC’s you’ll need to add your own storage, RAM and OS, but the results are impressive. The base price for the kit is just under $600, while you’ll need to add $300+ for additional components.  A tiny, full-powered gaming rig or video workstation – truly innovative. Belkin USB-IF Certified 3-Foot USB-C to USB-C (Type C to Type C) Thunderbolt 3 Cable While Apple-fans may be happier checking out the white Belkin Thunderbolt 3 cable I highlighted earlier, everyone else will be please to see that the company has also manufactured a black cable which will match a wider range of kit. Their 3 foot USB-C cable is USB-IF certified, but remains pricey at $29.99. It supports 4K/Ultra HD display connections and is rated for 20 Gbps data transfers, with the bonus of powering a laptop with up to 60W of charging power. Kanex USB-C to SD Card Reader With integrated SD card readers seemingly going the way of the dodo (or in Apple’s case, the 3.5mm headphone jack) photography enthusiasts are going to need a solution to transfer their artistry from camera to PC. Sure, Wi-Fi is an increasingly attractive option for those cameras and SD cards that support it. However, for large RAW files and video, an SD card reader remains a strong option. The Kanex USB-C to SD Card Reader is available in Space Gray (MacBook Pro owners, take note) and supports a wide range of storage cards, including Micro SD/T-Flash, SD, mini SD, MMC, MMC Plus, RS-MMC, MMC Mobile, MS, MS Pro, MS Duo, and MS Pro Duo. It’s compatible with Thunderbolt 3 USB-C ports, but will only transfer data at 5 Gbps (still plenty fast). Priced less than $15, the Kanex USB-C to SD Card Reader is a great value addition to your backpack.     Razer Blade Stealth & Razer Core If you’re a gamer, you’ll know all about Razer, Inc. Their newly announced Razer Blade Stealth is a beautiful and powerful 12.5″ ultrabook that can hook up to the external Razer Core enclosure over Thunderbolt 3. That brings you desktop class graphics (you can plug in full-length, double-wide PCIe desktop graphics cards) and a host of additional connections including 4 USB 3.0 ports and Gigabit Ethernet. Work or play, it’s got the lot.The Razor Blade Stealth starts at $999, pricing for the Razer Core is yet to be announced. AKiTiO Thunder3 Duo Pro With super-fast data transfer speeds, expect to see a wide range of Thunderbolt 3 storage solutions coming down the line this year. The $389 Thunder3 Duo Pro from AKiTiO is one of the first, boasting transfer speeds up to 770 MB/s while simultaneously providing two 4K video streams to connected displays. That’s 8x faster than USB 3.1 Gen 1 and 4x faster than USB 3.1 Gen 2. It’s a dual-bay RAID enclosure, offering RAID 0 striping, RAID 1 mirroring, SPAN, and Non-RAID. Connectivity is strong, with two Thunderbolt 3 Ports, a USB 3.1 Gen 1 (Type-B) port, and a DisplayPort video output for 4K 60HZ displays. The second Thunderbolt 3 port on the Thunder3 Duo Pro supports Thunderbolt 3, USB 3.1 (10Gb/s), and DisplayPort devices. It’s coming in the first quarter of the year. Dell Thunderbolt Dock PC manufacturers are waking up to the fact that the concept of “mobile” and “fixed” workers is outdated. Nowadays, many of us working in a hybrid style. We may be travelling, but when we touch down to get some work done, many of us need the same capabilities and connectivity as we’d expect at our own desk. Devices like the Dell Thunderbolt Dock seek to address that need. Plug into your notebook and you get benefit from a single data and power source that can drive can drive up to three 1080p displays or two 4K displays at 60 Hz. Add twin USB 2.0 ports and three USB 3.0, VGA, mini DisplayPort, and HDMI sockets, plus DisplayPort and a Thunderbolt 3 port in addition. Best of all, as it adheres to industry standards, it’s not just for Dell notebooks – everyone’s invited. The Dell Thunderbolt Dock ships this month for $299. HP ZBook Dock With Thunderbolt 3 Following a similar theme as the Dell Thunderbolt Dock, in a less chunky (but longer) form factor, the HP ZBook Dock With Thunderbolt 3 also costs $299 and offers a similarly impressive array of connections. Alongside charging capabilities, you can hook up to 10 devices at once through ports that include Thunderbolt 3 (which also supports DisplayPort 1.2 and USB 3.1 Gen 2), four USB 3.0, RJ-45, VGA, combo audio, and two additional DisplayPorts. ASUS ROG XG Station 2 It’s common for bleeding edge tech to land first on gaming rigs and that’s certainly true for Thunderbolt 3. The ASUS ROG XG Station 2 is an external graphics card docking station and although ASUS says it’s “specifically designed for ASUS laptops and graphics cards”, we’re still waiting to hear whether other brands will be locked out. Plug in your laptop (using its USB-C port) and the dock will both charge your laptop and supercharge its graphics capabilities. You’ll need to bring your own graphics card to slot into the XG Station 2 and ASUS has yet to reveal compatibility details and pricing. Acer TravelMate P648 Notebook If you’re in the hunt for a high-tech travel companion, the 14″ Acer TravelMate P648 Notebook is powered by a 6th generation Intel Core processor with support for super-high speed 802.11ad multi-band wireless connectivity. You’ll need a compatible router though, like the newly announced TP-LINK Talon AD7200, which offers combined speeds up to 7200 Mbps. 4 GB RAM supports the processor, upgradable to a massive 20 GB and there’s ample storage space with up to 1 TB hard drives or 512 GB solid state drives. Graphics are handled by NVIDIA GeForce 840M discrete graphics. Thunderbolt 3 support offers ultra-fast data transfer and 4K display connectivity while eight hours of battery life should keep you occupied for the day. The Acer TravelMate P648 Notebook starts at $799.99 and ships in April. Plugable Flagship Thunderbolt 3 Dock  Plugable’s new Flagship Thunderbolt 3 Dock is designed to eliminate the need to continually plug and unplug devices from your notebook or tablet. You can hook up two uncompressed 4K 60Hz (4096 x 2160) displays, three USB 3.0 devices, Gigabit Ethernet, and Stereo audio in/out while keeping your desktop free of clutter. The second Thunderbolt 3 port on the dock operates the same as a Thunderbolt 3 computer port by supporting Thunderbolt 3 (up to 5 daisy chained), USB 3.1 (10Gb/s), and DisplayPort devices. It’ll arrive in Q1 2016.   Plugable Thunderbolt 3 Dual-Display Adapter Meanwhile, the Plugable Thunderbolt 3 Dual-Display Adapter offers a quick and convenient way to hook up multiple displays to your PC. Two versions of the adapters are hitting the market this year. A DisplayPort variant supports the connection of two uncompressed 4K 60Hz (4096 x 2160) monitors. A second, HDMI model offers support for two uncompressed 4K 30Hz (3840 x 2160) monitors. Both are coming in Q1 2016.   Startech.com Thunderbolt 3 to Dual DP Adapter/HDMI Adapter Peripheral and accessory specialist Startech.com is introducing Thunderbolt 3 to Dual DisplayPort Adapter, which they’re calling “the highest resolution and simplest dual DisplayPort adapter ever”. Why? Well, it’s bus powered, does not require additional device drivers, and, for the first time, a dual DisplayPort adapter supports two full uncompressed DisplayPort 1.2 video streams from a single Thunderbolt 3 port (that’s nearly 16 million more pixels than an HDTV, from a single Thunderbolt 3 port).   A similar adapter, supporting Thunderbolt 3 to twin HDMI connections, rather than DisplayPort is also available, priced at $91.95. Startech.com Thunderbolt 3 Cables If you like the look of all these Thundrbolt 3 solutions, you’re going to need some cables to go with them. >Startech.com are shipping Thunderbolt 3 cables with USB-C connectors in lengths of 0.5m ($25.99), 1m ($29.99) and 2m ($35.99). Bear in mind, though, that the fastest 40 Gbps connections are only available with the 0.5m cable. Longer lengths result in a speed drop to (a still blistering) 20 Gbps. While we’ve seen a swathe of new Thunderbolt 3 products unveiled at CES 2016, we can expect to see many more announced through the year. Thunderbolt may have had a slow start, but with compatible notebooks, gaming rigs, storage devices and accessories now streaming into the market, it looks like the versatile Thunderbolt 3 standard will be popping up everywhere this year. shares Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Reddit Email Subscribe Join the mailing list Sign up to our mailing list and you will receive the latest news, reviews and how to guides delivered directly to your inbox. You can unsubscribe at any time. Thank you for subscribing. Something went wrong. Thanks for signing up! Follow Us 2,733Fans 4,210Followers 986Fans 3,810Subscribers 4,727Subscribers 21,087Comments Related News AKiTiO Thunder3 Duo ProAlpine RidgeasusDell Thunderbolt DockFalcon RidgeRazer Blade StealthRazer Corethunderbolt 3 Previous ArticleASUS TUF Sabertooth Z170 S Arctic-Camo Motherboard AnnouncedNext ArticleGE Plug-in Smart Switch (Bluetooth Smart) Terry Walsh Terry Walsh is the founder of We Got Served. He started the community in February 2007 with a mission to help families, tech enthusiasts everywhere figure out the technology needed to run the modern home and small business. He's the author of a number of guides to Windows, Windows Server and OS X Server and runs his own successful publishing business. Born and raised in Liverpool, England, Terry has been awarded Microsoft's prestigious Most Valuable Professional Award each year since 2008 for his work on We Got Served. Joe Pleniukas I’m curious – has anyone seen an adapter to go from Thunderbolt 3 to Thunderbolt 2? Some of these docks have display port slots, but it doesn’t seem like you’d be able to use Thunderbolt 2 peripherals on a machine equipped with Thunderbolt 3 in the usb-c form factor unless I’m mistaken. Terry Walsh Hi Joe – looks like Startech.com has one, but it’s pricey: http://www.startech.com/ca/Cables/thunderbolt-3-cables/thunderbolt-3-usb-c-thunderbolt-adapter~TBT3TBTADAP phatkatmeow apple just released a couple of adapters, including t3->t2/t1 Shawn Lopez Is it going to be possible to run a display above 60Hz? I am looking to push a single monitor at 3440x1440p at 100Hz but all I see in these docks, hubs and adapters is 4k @60Hz. 3440x1440p is equivalent of 2.5k and typically when there is a refresh rate limitation it is due to the bandwidth limitation of the interface. According to https://thunderbolttechnology.net/tech/faq They say that Thunderbolt 3 is based on the DisplayPort 1.2 specification and can support up to 2 streams (eight lanes) of DisplayPort 1.2 video bandwidth. A single cable now provides four times the data and twice the video bandwidth of any other cable, while also supplying up to 100W of power. One 4K display (4096 x 2160) 30-bit @ 120 Hz I am looking to buy an 18ft or 30ft Thunderbolt 3 optical cable so I can put my gaming rig in an open closet right outside my room to eliminate the heat build up in my room. I live in South Texas and gaming even with the AC on still causes my room to reach the 90’s. Jorge García Great article :), hope my asus r9 290 works with my future laptop! rtd99 Stay away from the Dell Thunderbolt Dock…it does not work very well…Check out all the complaints on the Dell Forum; I bought one, spent hours with Tech service trying to get it working and failed…Will return it…Also Dell’s customer and technical service seems to be deteriorating since taken over by Private Equity… Eugen Where are the damn optical cables for TB3? Those are the single greatest reason to buy into thunderbolt 3, for moving your desktop to the closet. Khürt L. Williams What’s the use case for “optical cables”? Eugen It puts the pc in the closet/attic in a rack with the storage, ups and dead cats. It runs a long TB3 cable to a dock. It now has no noise and ugly boxes in the room. 🙂 actionjh “First launched in 2011, with the development name Light Peak, Thunderbolt was invested by a partnership of tech luminaries, including Intel, Apple, LaCie and others.” I doubt LaCie ever made an investment on Thunderbolt Chipset. Only Apple and Intel, financially. LaCie and others (G-Tech, CalDigit) can be considered first wave developers on the Thunderbolt platform for the device end. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thunderbolt_(interface) This copper-based version of the Light Peak concept was co-developed by Apple and Intel. Apple registered Thunderbolt as a trademark, but later transferred the mark to Intel, which held overriding intellectual-property rights.[7] Marc Elser Stay away from the ZBook Thunderbolt 3 Elite Dock. It’s buggy as hell. Displays blinking, USB ports crashing (freeze), not beeing recognised by the ZBook. And HP is still no able to make it work reliably. I use it daily at work and have to restart my machine about 2-3 times a day because of this. Roger Firestone That Dell dock was recalled. It had a higher percentage of Amazon one-star ratings than I’ve ever seen. Terry, you should put a disclaimer on you site about the Dell dock before you get served yourself. Newsletter Join the mailing list Sign up to our mailing list and you will receive the latest news, reviews and how to guides delivered directly to your inbox. You can unsubscribe at any time. Thank you for subscribing. Something went wrong. Thanks for signing up! Trending 10 Great Thunderbolt 3 Products for 2016 Jan 11, 2016 Which Hard Drive is Best for Your Home Server or NAS? Sep 26, 2014 Installing Windows Server 2016 Essentials (Part 1) Sep 16, 2016 Review: D-Link AC5300 Ultra Wi-Fi Router (DIR-895L) Nov 14, 2016 10 Essential USB 3.1 Gen 2 Products for 2016 Mar 8, 2016 Latest How to: Get Up and Running With Philips Hue 15 hours agoNov 15, 2016 Review: D-Link AC5300 Ultra Wi-Fi Router (DIR-895L) 2 days agoNov 14, 2016 Review: Remocam Smart Home Security Camera 2 days agoNov 14, 2016 Kwikset Kevo adds IFTTT support 5 days agoNov 11, 2016 We Got Served is an independent publishing company, founded in February 2007. We're here to help you get informed, get excited and get going with the latest technology. Company About Us Contact Write for Us Advertising Our Awards Social     Twitter       Facebook    Forums     RSS © Copyright 2016 We Got Served Ltd. Privacy Policy Competition Terms All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Menu News Reviews How to Guides Forums Store Contact Like it? Share it. Share this post with your friends and followers. shares Facebook Twitter Google+ Reddit LinkedIn Email Subscribe Join the mailing list Sign up to our mailing list and you will receive the latest news, reviews and how to guides delivered directly to your inbox. You can unsubscribe at any time. Thank you for subscribing. Something went wrong. Thanks for signing up!x Subscribe to We Got Served Get the latest news and reviews from We Got Served in your inbox. Simply add your name and email address below. You can unsubscribe at any time. Subscribe Now! x Send this to friendYour emailRecipient email SendCancel

null
News Computers NETGEAR’s Nighthawk X10 boasts 7.2 Gbps speeds, 10G port, Plex Media Server Find Lost Data for Free With EaseUS Data Recovery Wizard 10 Great 10G Networking Products for Prosumers Next generation Linksys WRT router adds MU-MIMO, AC3200 speeds The new Synology router (RT2600AC) revealed Networking NETGEAR’s Nighthawk X10 boasts 7.2 Gbps speeds, 10G port, Plex Media Server 10 Great 10G Networking Products for Prosumers Next generation Linksys WRT router adds MU-MIMO, AC3200 speeds The new Synology router (RT2600AC) revealed Review: Netgear R8500 Nighthawk X8 Tri-Band Wi-Fi Router Smart Home Review: Schneider Electric Wiser Air Smart Thermostat Denon HEOS multi-room audio platform to get Alexa voice control Samsung introduces new pan and tilt SmartCam PT security camera NETEGAR Arlo Pro smart home camera system will hit the UK in January Introducing Google Home Home Servers Connecting Client PCs to Windows Server Essentials 2016 Installing Windows Server 2016 Essentials (Part 3) Thecus Refreshes Windows Server Essentials Line With W4810 NAS Installing Windows Server 2016 Essentials (Part 2) Installing Windows Server 2016 Essentials (Part 1) Home Cinema Denon HEOS multi-room audio platform to get Alexa voice control Review: Epson EH-TW5210 Full HD Projector Review: Bowers & Wilkins P7 Wireless Headphones Bowers & Wilkins P9 Signature Headphones Unveiled Review: JBL Clip2 and Charge3 Mobile Review: JBL Clip2 and Charge3 Review: Belkin Base for Apple Pencil Review: Belkin PowerHouse Charge Dock for Apple Watch + iPhone Belkin’s Mixit Lightning to USB Keychain Keeps You Connected On the Road Review: weBoost EQO Cell Phone Signal Booster Features Reviews Review: Schneider Electric Wiser Air Smart Thermostat Review: Epson EH-TW5210 Full HD Projector Review: Bowers & Wilkins P7 Wireless Headphones Review: JBL Clip2 and Charge3 Review: Belkin Base for Apple Pencil How to Guides Connecting Client PCs to Windows Server Essentials 2016 Installing Windows Server 2016 Essentials (Part 3) Installing Windows Server 2016 Essentials (Part 2) Installing Windows Server 2016 Essentials (Part 1) Building a Windows 10 Home Server – Anniversary Update Edition is Now Available Unboxing Unboxing: Tenda AC9 Wireless AC1200 Router Unboxed: IcyDock FlexCage Unboxed: IcyDock IcyCube Storage Enclosure Unboxed: Actiontec MyWirelessTV2 Wireless HD Video Kit Unboxed: Actiontec WEB6000Q Wireless Network Extender Forums Store More Subscribe Send a Tip Contact Write for We Got Served About Us CES 2016, Computers, News, Storage 10 Great Thunderbolt 3 Products for 2016 Terry WalshJan 11, 2016, 10:05 amFeb 1, 2016 10 15K shares If you’re a tech enthusiast, you’ll know all about Thunderbolt. It’s a versatile hardware connector that combines high-speed data transfers with audio and video display. First launched in 2011, with the development name Light Peak, Thunderbolt was invested by a partnership of tech luminaries, including Intel, Apple, LaCie and others. The first iteration of the technology debuted on the 2011 Apple MacBook Pro with other Thunderbolt-equipped models following. On the PC side, manufacturers were reasonably slow to adopt Thunderbolt (preferring the lower cost USB 3.0) despite heavy championing by Intel.  The Thunderbolt 2 (Falcon Ridge) standard arrived in 2013, doubling data transfer speeds to 20 Gbps and the connector began to pop up on motherboards from ASUS, Gigabyte and ASRock, alongside PCs from Dell, HP, Lenovo and others. According to Intel, at the end of 2015, over 100 million computers are equipped with the Thunderbolt interface, with more than 250 peripherals on the market. Here we are in early 2016, and Thunderbolt 3 (Apline Ridge) is ready to roll! The latest version of the standard brings a big physical change in the switch the USB-C connector (any USB Type-C cable will work in a Thunderbolt 3 port but you’ll need a Thunderbolt cable to connect to a Thunderbolt 3 device). Speeds are doubled to 40 Gbps, and Intel boasts that you’ll be able to drive dual 4K displays at 60 Hz. With the switch to USB-C (as an Alternate Mode), Thunderbolt 3 ports are power enabled, offering up to 100W charging power for notebooks and 15W to bus-powered devices. Thunderbolt cables are now more versatile than ever, supporting a range of protocols including Thunderbolt itself, DisplayPort, USB and PCI Express. With a wide range of Thunderbolt 3 enabled products on show at CES 2016 in Las Vegas, here are ten that we’re most excited about checking out this year. Razer Blade Stealth & Razer Core If you’re a gamer, you’ll know all about Razer, Inc. Their newly announced Razer Blade Stealth is a beautiful and powerful 12.5″ ultrabook that can hook up to the external Razer Core enclosure over Thunderbolt 3. That brings you desktop class graphics (you can plug in full-length, double-wide PCIe desktop graphics cards) and a host of additional connections including 4 USB 3.0 ports and Gigabit Ethernet. Work or play, it’s got the lot.The Razor Blade Stealth starts at $999, pricing for the Razer Core is yet to be announced. AKiTiO Thunder3 Duo Pro With super-fast data transfer speeds, expect to see a wide range of Thunderbolt 3 storage solutions coming down the line this year. The $389 Thunder3 Duo Pro from AKiTiO is one of the first, boasting transfer speeds up to 770 MB/s while simultaneously providing two 4K video streams to connected displays. That’s 8x faster than USB 3.1 Gen 1 and 4x faster than USB 3.1 Gen 2. It’s a dual-bay RAID enclosure, offering RAID 0 striping, RAID 1 mirroring, SPAN, and Non-RAID. Connectivity is strong, with two Thunderbolt 3 Ports, a USB 3.1 Gen 1 (Type-B) port, and a DisplayPort video output for 4K 60HZ displays. The second Thunderbolt 3 port on the Thunder3 Duo Pro supports Thunderbolt 3, USB 3.1 (10Gb/s), and DisplayPort devices. It’s coming in the first quarter of the year. Dell Thunderbolt Dock PC manufacturers are waking up to the fact that the concept of “mobile” and “fixed” workers is outdated. Nowadays, many of us working in a hybrid style. We may be travelling, but when we touch down to get some work done, many of us need the same capabilities and connectivity as we’d expect at our own desk. Devices like the Dell Thunderbolt Dock seek to address that need. Plug into your notebook and you get benefit from a single data and power source that can drive can drive up to three 1080p displays or two 4K displays at 60 Hz. Add twin USB 2.0 ports and three USB 3.0, VGA, mini DisplayPort, and HDMI sockets, plus DisplayPort and a Thunderbolt 3 port in addition. Best of all, as it adheres to industry standards, it’s not just for Dell notebooks – everyone’s invited. The Dell Thunderbolt Dock ships this month for $299. HP ZBook Dock With Thunderbolt 3 Following a similar theme as the Dell Thunderbolt Dock, in a less chunky (but longer) form factor, the HP ZBook Dock With Thunderbolt 3 also costs $299 and offers a similarly impressive array of connections. Alongside charging capabilities, you can hook up to 10 devices at once through ports that include Thunderbolt 3 (which also supports DisplayPort 1.2 and USB 3.1 Gen 2), four USB 3.0, RJ-45, VGA, combo audio, and two additional DisplayPorts. ASUS ROG XG Station 2 It’s common for bleeding edge tech to land first on gaming rigs and that’s certainly true for Thunderbolt 3. The ASUS ROG XG Station 2 is an external graphics card docking station and although ASUS says it’s “specifically designed for ASUS laptops and graphics cards”, we’re still waiting to hear whether other brands will be locked out. Plug in your laptop (using its USB-C port) and the dock will both charge your laptop and supercharge its graphics capabilities. You’ll need to bring your own graphics card to slot into the XG Station 2 and ASUS has yet to reveal compatibility details and pricing. Acer TravelMate P648 Notebook If you’re in the hunt for a high-tech travel companion, the 14″ Acer TravelMate P648 Notebook is powered by a 6th generation Intel Core processor with support for super-high speed 802.11ad multi-band wireless connectivity. You’ll need a compatible router though, like the newly announced TP-LINK Talon AD7200, which offers combined speeds up to 7200 Mbps. 4 GB RAM supports the processor, upgradable to a massive 20 GB and there’s ample storage space with up to 1 TB hard drives or 512 GB solid state drives. Graphics are handled by NVIDIA GeForce 840M discrete graphics. Thunderbolt 3 support offers ultra-fast data transfer and 4K display connectivity while eight hours of battery life should keep you occupied for the day. The Acer TravelMate P648 Notebook starts at $799.99 and ships in April. Plugable Flagship Thunderbolt 3 Dock  Plugable’s new Flagship Thunderbolt 3 Dock is designed to eliminate the need to continually plug and unplug devices from your notebook or tablet. You can hook up two uncompressed 4K 60Hz (4096 x 2160) displays, three USB 3.0 devices, Gigabit Ethernet, and Stereo audio in/out while keeping your desktop free of clutter. The second Thunderbolt 3 port on the dock operates the same as a Thunderbolt 3 computer port by supporting Thunderbolt 3 (up to 5 daisy chained), USB 3.1 (10Gb/s), and DisplayPort devices. It’ll arrive in Q1 2016.   Plugable Thunderbolt 3 Dual-Display Adapter Meanwhile, the Plugable Thunderbolt 3 Dual-Display Adapter offers a quick and convenient way to hook up multiple displays to your PC. Two versions of the adapters are hitting the market this year. A DisplayPort variant supports the connection of two uncompressed 4K 60Hz (4096 x 2160) monitors. A second, HDMI model offers support for two uncompressed 4K 30Hz (3840 x 2160) monitors. Both are coming in Q1 2016.   Startech.com Thunderbolt 3 to Dual DP Adapter Peripheral and accessory specialist Startech.com is introducing Thunderbolt 3 to Dual DisplayPort Adapter, which they’re calling “the highest resolution and simplest dual DisplayPort adapter ever”. Why? Well, it’s bus powered, does not require additional device drivers, and, for the first time, a dual DisplayPort adapter supports two full uncompressed DisplayPort 1.2 video streams from a single Thunderbolt 3 port (that’s nearly 16 million more pixels than an HDTV, from a single Thunderbolt 3 port). It’s shipping later this quarter.   Startech.com Thunderbolt 3 Cables If you like the look of all these Thundrbolt 3 solutions, you’re going to need some cables to go with them. Startech.com are shipping Thunderbolt 3 cables with USB-C connectors in lengths of 0.5m ($25.99), 1m ($29.99) and 2m ($35.99). Bear in mind, though, that the fastest 40 Gbps connections are only available with the 0.5m cable. Longer lengths result in a speed drop to (a still blistering) 20 Gbps. The Startech.com Thunderbolt 3 Cables are available to pre-order now, and will ship later this quarter. While we’ve seen a swathe of new Thunderbolt 3 products unveiled at CES 2016, we can expect to see many more announced through the year. Thunderbolt may have had a slow start, but with compatible notebooks, gaming rigs, storage devices and accessories now streaming into the market, it looks like the versatile Thunderbolt 3 standard will be popping up everywhere this year. shares Follow Us 2,727Fans 4,220Followers 989Fans 3,746Subscribers 4,727Subscribers 21,058Comments Related News AKiTiO Thunder3 Duo ProAlpine RidgeasusDell Thunderbolt DockFalcon RidgeRazer Blade StealthRazer Corethunderbolt 3 Previous ArticleASUS TUF Sabertooth Z170 S Arctic-Camo Motherboard AnnouncedNext ArticleGE Plug-in Smart Switch (Bluetooth Smart) Terry Walsh Terry Walsh is the founder of We Got Served. He started the community in February 2007 with a mission to help families, tech enthusiasts everywhere figure out the technology needed to run the modern home and small business. He's the author of a number of guides to Windows, Windows Server and OS X Server and runs his own successful publishing business. Born and raised in Liverpool, England, Terry has been awarded Microsoft's prestigious Most Valuable Professional Award each year since 2008 for his work on We Got Served. Joe Pleniukas I’m curious – has anyone seen an adapter to go from Thunderbolt 3 to Thunderbolt 2? Some of these docks have display port slots, but it doesn’t seem like you’d be able to use Thunderbolt 2 peripherals on a machine equipped with Thunderbolt 3 in the usb-c form factor unless I’m mistaken. Terry Walsh Hi Joe – looks like Startech.com has one, but it’s pricey: http://www.startech.com/ca/Cables/thunderbolt-3-cables/thunderbolt-3-usb-c-thunderbolt-adapter~TBT3TBTADAP Shawn Lopez Is it going to be possible to run a display above 60Hz? I am looking to push a single monitor at 3440x1440p at 100Hz but all I see in these docks, hubs and adapters is 4k @60Hz. 3440x1440p is equivalent of 2.5k and typically when there is a refresh rate limitation it is due to the bandwidth limitation of the interface. According to https://thunderbolttechnology.net/tech/faq They say that Thunderbolt 3 is based on the DisplayPort 1.2 specification and can support up to 2 streams (eight lanes) of DisplayPort 1.2 video bandwidth. A single cable now provides four times the data and twice the video bandwidth of any other cable, while also supplying up to 100W of power. One 4K display (4096 x 2160) 30-bit @ 120 Hz I am looking to buy an 18ft or 30ft Thunderbolt 3 optical cable so I can put my gaming rig in an open closet right outside my room to eliminate the heat build up in my room. I live in South Texas and gaming even with the AC on still causes my room to reach the 90’s. Jorge García Great article :), hope my asus r9 290 works with my future laptop! rtd99 Stay away from the Dell Thunderbolt Dock…it does not work very well…Check out all the complaints on the Dell Forum; I bought one, spent hours with Tech service trying to get it working and failed…Will return it…Also Dell’s customer and technical service seems to be deteriorating since taken over by Private Equity… Eugen Where are the damn optical cables for TB3? Those are the single greatest reason to buy into thunderbolt 3, for moving your desktop to the closet. Khürt L. Williams What’s the use case for “optical cables”? Eugen It puts the pc in the closet/attic in a rack with the storage, ups and dead cats. It runs a long TB3 cable to a dock. It now has no noise and ugly boxes in the room. 🙂 actionjh “First launched in 2011, with the development name Light Peak, Thunderbolt was invested by a partnership of tech luminaries, including Intel, Apple, LaCie and others.” I doubt LaCie ever made an investment on Thunderbolt Chipset. Only Apple and Intel, financially. LaCie and others (G-Tech, CalDigit) can be considered first wave developers on the Thunderbolt platform for the device end. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thunderbolt_(interface) This copper-based version of the Light Peak concept was co-developed by Apple and Intel. Apple registered Thunderbolt as a trademark, but later transferred the mark to Intel, which held overriding intellectual-property rights.[7] Marc Elser Stay away from the ZBook Thunderbolt 3 Elite Dock. It’s buggy as hell. Displays blinking, USB ports crashing (freeze), not beeing recognised by the ZBook. And HP is still no able to make it work reliably. I use it daily at work and have to restart my machine about 2-3 times a day because of this. Trending 10 Great Thunderbolt 3 Products for 2016 Jan 11, 2016 Which Hard Drive is Best for Your Home Server or NAS? Sep 26, 2014 NETGEAR's Nighthawk X10 boasts 7.2 Gbps speeds, 10G port, Plex Media Server Oct 19, 2016 Installing Windows Server 2016 Essentials (Part 1) Sep 16, 2016 Building a Windows 10 Home Server Starts Here! May 25, 2015 Latest Review: Schneider Electric Wiser Air Smart Thermostat 12 hours agoOct 19, 2016 NETGEAR’s Nighthawk X10 boasts 7.2 Gbps speeds, 10G port, Plex Media Server 14 hours agoOct 19, 2016 Denon HEOS multi-room audio platform to get Alexa voice control 1 day agoOct 18, 2016 Find Lost Data for Free With EaseUS Data Recovery Wizard 2 days agoOct 18, 2016 We Got Served is an independent publishing company, founded in February 2007. We're here to help you get informed, get excited and get going with the latest technology. Company About Us Contact Write for Us Advertising Our Awards Social     Twitter       Facebook    Forums     RSS © Copyright 2016 We Got Served Ltd. Privacy Policy Competition Terms All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Menu News Reviews How to Guides Forums Store Contact Like it? Share it. Share this post with your friends and followers. shares x Subscribe to We Got Served Get the latest news and reviews from We Got Served in your inbox. Simply add your name and email address below. You can unsubscribe at any time. Subscribe Now! x Send this to friendYour emailRecipient email SendCancel
Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Intel's Diane Bryant told a hilarious story about learning to swear at work Julie Bort Oct. 19, 2016, 2:58 PM 4,965 facebook linkedin twitter email print Diane Bryant, Intel's executive vice president and general manager of the Data Center Group. Intel Intel's executive vice president Diane Bryant runs the company's fastest-growing, most profitable business unit, Data Center, which brought in more than $18 billion last year. Her rise in the company was a long road. She landed at Intel straight from college, and has spent her whole 31-year career with the chipmaker. When she started at Intel, in 1985, she was a young woman in a man's world, and they weren't thrilled to have her. "I was truly a minority as a woman inside the tech industry and it was a very rough and tumble era," Bryant said at Fortune's Most Powerful Women Summit on Wednesday. "I had to play like the boys," she says. "It doesn't help to be in the outer circle. You are never going to have impact from the outside. Somehow you have to get to the inside. And as a minority, you need to be willing to admit: I'm a minority. I need to change the way I act and operate, if I'm going to get to the inside and I'm going to have an impact." She adds, "To those who say that's being a sell-out, or you are not being who you are, I say, it's better to be in the game than sitting on the bench."  She needed to un-clean-up her language. "The first thing I did was I started swearing a lot. A lot," she told the audience, who roared with laughter. "And I'm not kidding. The worst experience, I'm a junior engineer, sitting in a conference with all older men, all white men, and this one guy throws out the f-word and then stops and turns to me, so all eyes are on me, 23 years old, and says, 'Oh, I'm sorry.' And I said, 'No, f*&ing problem.'" The audience laughed again. "And then I would throw out the f-word every now and then, just randomly. And it was hard. I actually had to concentrate, like, 'Swear now! Now! Swear now!" I actually had to concentrate, like, 'Swear now! Now! Swear now! She said she also learned to drink Scotch, neat, and she bought a stick-shift BMW, "Because engineers like BMWs and no one drives and automatic." She only drew the line in one area: "I wouldn't do the bad haircut, the $10 engineering haircut, I wouldn't go that far." An inspiring rags-to-riches story Learning to swear was hardly the toughest thing she had to endure by age 23. As we previously reported, Bryant has one of the most amazing rags to riches stories we've ever heard, and she told her personal story again on stage. Diane Bryant Business Insider Born in Sacramento, she found herself kicked out of her home and homeless on her 18th birthday with four months left to graduate high school. She described her dad, in her usual cheerful tone, as a "convicted felon" who made it clear to his children that his "legal obligation was done the day they turned 18," and promptly kicked her and her sister out on their birthdays. She couch-surfed, stayed in high school, graduated then went to community college, which was free in California in those days.  She was sitting in a math class, when a guy asked her what her major was. She hadn't declared one, and he told her, "You should become an engineer. It's the highest starting salary you can get with a four-year degree." She immediately went to the school counselor and declared her major as engineering. When asked her if she would study software engineering or hardware, she chose software, since she thought "soft" sounded easier than "hard." She later changed it to hardware to qualify for scholarships. SEE ALSO: This woman went from homeless to a top Intel exec SEE ALSO: Facebook's project to take on Cisco inspires such 'cultlike' devotion, it once caused a whole team to quit Apple NOW WATCH: A mysterious cloud moving 700,000 mph is going to collide with our galaxy — here's what will happen Loading video... More: Intel Diane Bryant Women in tech Swearing facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Intel's Diane Bryant told a hilarious story about learning to swear at work Intel's Diane Bryant told a hilarious story about learning to swear at work Intel's executive vice president Diane Bryant... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Enterprise Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Enterprise Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR

null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St up on oil, upbeat earnings; Intel limits gains By Reuters Published: 13:04 EST, 19 October 2016 | Updated: 13:04 EST, 19 October 2016 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan Oct 19 (Reuters) - Wall Street was on track for its second straight day of gains on Wednesday as oil prices boosted energy stocks and financials got a lift after Morgan Stanley rounded off a strong quarter for big U.S. banks. However, gains, especially on the Nasdaq, were limited by Intel. The chipmaker tumbled 6 percent, weighing the most on major indexes, after its disappointing revenue forecast. The chip index dipped 0.54 percent. U.S. crude prices surged 3 percent to a 15-month high after a report showed an unexpected drop in U.S. crude stockpiles. The energy sector jumped 1.74 percent, the most in three weeks, also boosted by a 4.8 percent rise in Halliburton following its surprise quarterly profit. Morgan Stanley inched up 0.8 percent after its results. The financial sector has gained 1.8 percent in the past four trading days as the banks reported, while the KBW bank index is up nearly 3 percent. Now, about 80 percent of the 70 S&P 500 companies that have reported so far have beaten earnings' expectations, increasing the likelihood of snapping a four-quarter earnings recession. Analysts now estimate earnings increased 0.5 percent in the third quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "We would see the third quarter as the bottoming out of the earnings recession that we have been experiencing for the last year or so," said Tracy Maeter, global investment specialist, J.P. Morgan Private Bank in Philadelphia. At 12:27 p.m. ET (1627 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 74.79 points, or 0.41 percent, at 18,236.73. The S&P 500 was up 6.16 points, or 0.29 percent, at 2,145.76 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 2.25 points, or 0.04 percent, at 5,246.08. Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors were higher. The consumer staples' 0.7 percent drop was the steepest. The Federal Reserve is due to release its Beige Book at about 2:00 p.m. ET, giving anecdotal commentary on the health of the U.S. economy. The third and final U.S. presidential debate between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton starts later in the day. The stock market had gained on both days after the previous two debates, which were perceived to be won by Clinton. "The noise in the marketplace around politics can drive stocks in the short term, but in terms of the underlying influence ... that's going to be driven more by the economy and the profitability of companies," Maeter said. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 2,178 to 721. On the Nasdaq, 1,637 issues rose and 1,008 fell. The S&P 500 index showed eight new 52-week highs and two new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 45 new highs and 44 new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED 'You need to be there in one hour!' Justin Bieber 'invites six girls to his hotel suite' after placing social media request for female company in Prague 'There's certainly no love lost between them': Laura Whitmore and Giovanni Pernice 'embroiled in backstage feud' before tearful elimination from Strictly Come Dancing My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Fifi Geldof flogs her used make-up online for £2: PR assistant uses website to sell more than 100 items including lipsticks and eyeliners Flogging accessories online via Depop Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'Neither is willing to betray anything intimate': Michael Fassbender and girlfriend Alicia Vikander have agreement not to discuss relationship Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway 'Turn haters into motivators!': Khloe Kardashian whips fans into shape in trailer for new TV series Revenge Body Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  'I think we'd be great together!' Billy Bob Thornton wants to work with ex-wife Angelina Jolie's estranged husband Brad Pitt  Told Playboy he even has a role in mind  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in magical gown at Fantastic Beasts premiere... but is her dress silver or gold? Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Move over Miley! Little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first single Make Me (Cry) Her turn to make her mark on music industry Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Search for: ChannelBuzz.ca Cutting through the noise for Canadian VARs and MSPs Main menu Skip to content Home About Us Our Team Sponsor Us Contact Us Our Sponsors Auvik Networks Avnet Technology Solutions Cisco Canada Epson Canada HP Canada Ingram Micro Canada Nutanix Tech Data Canada Sponsorship Packages Hot Topics Channel Programs Cloud Data Centre Distribution Green Managed Services Mobility Networking Security Software Unified Communications Virtualization Media Slideshows Videos Podcasts Liveblogs Partners e-ChannelNews ecnTV Sub menu Search for: Stories by TopicStories by Topic Select Category Big Data  (75) Channel Communities  (80) Channel Links  (2) Channel Programs  (561) Cloud  (515) Communications  (12) Computers  (65) Contests and Promotions  (2) Data Capture/Point of Sale  (5) Data Centre  (185) Digital Signage  (8) Distribution  (368) E-commerce  (8) Featured Post  (1,193) Financing  (11) Green  (4) Guest Blogs  (2) Hardware  (102) Internet of Things  (14) Liveblogs  (45) Managed Services  (254) Marketing  (34) MarketingBuzz  (4) Mobility  (176) Networking  (292) Notebooks  (21) Operating Systems  (5) Opinion/Editorial  (11) Partner Awards  (7) Partnerships  (20) Podcasts  (59) Press Releases  (6) Printing and Imaging  (43) Promotions  (1) QuickPics  (1) Research  (19) SalesBuzz  (13) Security  (387) Servers  (77) Slideshows  (10) Small Business  (48) Software  (284) Solution Provider News  (60) Sponsored Content  (108) Storage  (364) Training  (22) Uncategorized  (15) Unified Communications  (65) Video over IP  (4) Videos  (130) Virtualization  (171) Voice  (6) Story by Date Story by Date Select Month November 2016  (24) October 2016  (55) September 2016  (52) August 2016  (54) July 2016  (48) June 2016  (55) May 2016  (61) April 2016  (47) March 2016  (59) February 2016  (61) January 2016  (41) December 2015  (15) November 2015  (41) October 2015  (44) September 2015  (51) August 2015  (56) July 2015  (49) June 2015  (61) May 2015  (53) April 2015  (55) March 2015  (52) February 2015  (46) January 2015  (28) December 2014  (24) November 2014  (34) October 2014  (52) September 2014  (35) August 2014  (39) July 2014  (38) June 2014  (56) May 2014  (40) April 2014  (48) March 2014  (39) February 2014  (34) January 2014  (12) December 2013  (26) November 2013  (40) October 2013  (44) September 2013  (57) August 2013  (44) July 2013  (34) June 2013  (32) May 2013  (51) April 2013  (55) March 2013  (18) February 2013  (10) January 2013  (8) December 2012  (9) November 2012  (20) October 2012  (20) September 2012  (13) August 2012  (19) July 2012  (26) June 2012  (13) May 2012  (29) April 2012  (22) March 2012  (33) February 2012  (36) January 2012  (20) December 2011  (6) November 2011  (36) October 2011  (34) September 2011  (15) August 2011  (19) July 2011  (21) June 2011  (28) May 2011  (33) April 2011  (30) March 2011  (38) February 2011  (39) January 2011  (31) December 2010  (10) November 2010  (60) October 2010  (59) Data Centre, Storage, Virtualization Nutanix to lose out as expanded Dell EMC VxRail appliance line targets VMware users? by Mark Cox • October 19, 2016 Dell EMC has announced upgrades to its hyper-converged VxRail and VxRack offerings, with hardware improvement stemming both from Intel Broadwell processors and optimization with PowerEdge servers. Many more configurations will be available, including a 3 node VxRail offering that drops the entry price by a quarter. Gil Shneorson, VP & GM of VxRail Appliances at Dell EMC AUSTIN – At Dell EMC World, Dell EMC has announced the expansion of its hyper-converged portfolio with new VxRail Appliances and VxRack Systems configurations. The upgrades here are purely on the hardware side, as the software received a substantial boost earlier this year with VSAN 6.2. The two significant enhancements now are the addition of the latest Intel Broadwell processors, and their integration with Dell EMC PowerEdge servers. Just as important however, is the positioning. The new offerings significantly expand the total addressable market – both upward and downward, due to the new processor capabilities on the one hand, and a significantly lower entry price on the other. They also give primacy to VxRail appliances in the VMware market – which of course is at present, most of the market. The successful XC series, based on the earlier Dell partnership with Nutanix, will now be limited by Dell EMC specifically to that smaller part of the market where Microsoft, and Nutanix’s own Acropolis hypervisor play. This inevitably will invite conjecture about the future of the Dell-Nutanix relationship. VxRail was introduced by EMC in early 2016, replacing the VSPEX Blue, which had had a short, unhappy lifespan. “We had a lot of constraints built in to the way we brought the VSPEX Blue to market,” said Gil Shneorson, VP & GM of VxRail Appliances at Dell EMC. “We were new with it, and there was a learning period to this first product. When we brought in VxRail, the market could not have responded better. We oversold our sales plan by a significant amount in Q1, Q2 and Q3, with thousands of nodes sold and hundreds of net new customers. Within a few months we even ran out of inventory, a problem that is now well behind us.” So what accounts for the changed fortune of the two products? “With VxRail, we finally understood what we were selling – a product optimized for the VMware user – which no other product is,” Shneorson said. “At the same time, it has all the other hyper-converged advantages, like the ability to start small and grow easily with the customer.” VXRail then, now becomes Dell EMC’s formal ‘go to’ product for the VMware space. Shneorson, however, said that does not herald any diminishing of their relationship with Nutanix. Perish the thought! “We will not walk away from commitments,” he said. “Our XC customers will continue to be served. VxRail will not be an answer for someone that wants Microsoft HyperV, or another product. For that gap, we will have XC. From a Dell EMC perspective, we see growth in all of those areas, as the other areas besides VMware are growing as well. Ultimately, everyone will grow. It’s almost a limitless opportunity.” It would be hazardous to draw conclusions about the Dell-Nutanix relationship from this development, even as Dell EMC appears to walk a fine line between maintaining a commitment to Nutanix, and kicking them to the curb because of the conflict with the solutions acquired from EMC. Nutanix of course is no stranger to the same game. They have solemnly invoked their commitment to working with VMware, even as they were introducing a free alternative with their Acropolis hypervisor to stop the “VM Tax.” More recently, they unveiled a clever marketing campaign during VMworld offering themselves as an alternative to legacy players VMware and AWS. Certainly the new VxRail products are much more capable than their predecessors. “We are not just taking the PowerEdge servers and attaching them to the product,” Shneorson said. “We have expedited some of the plans we thought we would take two years into two months, and brought them together in ways that are very powerful. Supply chains and support organizations are hard to converge, and these will go out in a way that get the benefit of both.” More specific use cases can also be addressed. “We are introducing both a storage heavy highly dense node model for Big Data Analytics and Microsoft Exchange, based on the PowerEdge R730xd platform,” Shneorson said. “We are introducing a graphics-heavy offering for client virtualization workloads with GPU acceleration from NVIDIA and AMD. We have also got to a three node offering for the first time with this release, which we have wanted for some time, as it is ideal for the ROBO market. This reduces the overall starting point to about $45,000 from $60,000 — so we are going downmarket as well as upmarket.” New configurations of VxRail Appliances with VMware Horizon specifically optimized for client virtualization will also be available. The upmarket momentum comes from the new Intel Broadwell processors, with better price performance, more capacity and more CPU. VxRail Appliances with PowerEdge servers now offer 40 per cent more CPU performance for the same price, and two times more storage in all flash nodes. The hardware enhancements bring similar improvement to the VxRack System 1000, a rack-scale hyper-converged system with integrated top-of-rack Spine-Leaf networking and SDN options. A VxRack System 1000 with PowerEdge servers now offers 2.5x more flash capacity, and 40 per cent more CPU performance for the same price. “The VxRack is for customers who plan for scale in the first place and are willing to invest in infrastructure,” Schneorson said. “The better supply chain and hardware benefits give us much more to work with. Shneorson also pointed out that the channel will bring home the lion’s share of business from these enhancements. Under EMC, these products went 90 per cent through partners, significantly higher than the partner share of EMC business as a whole. VxRack FLEX with PowerEdge-based nodes can be ordered now and will be available in Q4 2016. VxRack SDDC with PowerEdge-based nodes with integrated PowerEdge servers will be orderable in Q4 2016. VxRail Appliances integrated with PowerEdge servers are orderable and generally available in Q4 2016 in most major markets and generally available worldwide in 2017. VxRail Appliances based on PowerEdge servers with VMware Horizon for client virtualization will be available in December 2016. Share the Buzz: Tweet More Email Print Share on Tumblr Related Also Buzzing on this topic: Dell strengthens EMC-VMware presence in its hyper-converged portfolio EMC-VMware VxRail appliance upgrades VSPEX Blue in VCE hyper-converged lineup Dell continues VDI appliance push with VMware EVO:RAIL Horizon Edition appliance Dell announces new Wyse VDI appliance for sub 350 seat users Dell expands Nutanix XC series with two new models Tags:Broadwell Dell EMC hyper-converged Nutanix Nvidia PowerEdge supply chain VMware VSAN Post navigation ← Dell EMC previews new channel partner program to launch next February Michael Dell talks strategy at Dell EMC World →   3 comments for “Nutanix to lose out as expanded Dell EMC VxRail appliance line targets VMware users?” Ken October 19, 2016 at 12:36 pm Maybe Dell EMC will be able to catch-up to Nutanix in a couple more years! Reply Kevin Dsouza October 20, 2016 at 10:29 am I dont think Dell EMC will catch up with Nutanix, especially since Vmware is auditing its own customers to get more business, that’s a sign of losers. Reply Joe F October 20, 2016 at 4:19 pm Congrats VXRail can now do almost what Nutanix have already been doing for a while now… Oh BTW VxRail how are you doing with supporting Hyper-V & Citrix now? Reply Add your own buzz: Comment Below Cancel reply Subscribe to the daily e-mail newsletter from ChannelBuzz.ca and get the latest Canadian channel news delivered to your desktop every weekday morning. Email Address* First Name Last Name * = required field unsubscribe from list New on ChannelBuzz.ca Avnet debuts managed security offering Synnex eyes full Canadian GovSolv rollout Dell adds data in motion protection capability to Dell Data Protection Enterprise VoIP vendor 8×8 looks to take channel to next stage with new partner program Zerto Virtual Replication 5.0 extends continuous data protection journal Secure Mobile Access 12.0 upgrade is first SonicWall release as independent company Dell vet Tara Fine sees more impact in new role as VMware Canada channel chief VMware outlines digital transformation strategy to Canadian customers Nutanix adds native enterprise networking capabilities to enterprise cloud stack Synnex Canada targets enterprise growth Popular Posts Plantronics unveils new Voyager 5200 and 5200 UC headsets aimed at road warrior market VMware outlines digital transformation strategy to Canadian customers Enterprise VoIP vendor 8x8 looks to take channel to next stage with new partner program Secure Mobile Access 12.0 upgrade is first SonicWall release as independent company NetApp adds new threads to their data fabric Dell adds data in motion protection capability to Dell Data Protection HDS enhances flash capabilities in software and in new systems Sponsored Content Cisco Partner Summit Preview with Mark Collins [Podcast] Making sense of projector color performance [white paper] Video case study: Getting creative with Epson Pro G Series projectors Internet of Things generates new innovation out of established technologies Discussing Avnet’s Specialist Business Units [Podcast] Lenovo hyperconverged channel plans with Stefan Bockhop [video] Videos Warning: file_get_contents(http://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/users/channelbuzzca/uploads?v=2&orderby=published&max-results=2) [function.file-get-contents]: failed to open stream: HTTP request failed! HTTP/1.0 410 Gone in /home/content/70/6833170/html/wp-content/plugins/my-recent-youtube-widget/MyRecentYT.php on line 226 Podcasts Our Sponsors Avnet Technology Solutions Cisco Canada Dell Canada Epson Canada HP Canada Ingram Micro Canada Tech Data Canada Copyright © 2013 ChannelBuzz.ca. All Rights Reserved. Magazine Premium created by c.bavota. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Gear & Gadgets / Product News & Reviews Dealmaster: Save $370 on a Core i7-powered Dell Desktop, and more The Dell Inspiron 3650 can be yours for $579. We also have a ton of other deals! by Ars Staff - Oct 19, 2016 4:10 pm UTC Login to bookmark 17 Greetings, Arsians! Courtesy of our partners at TechBargains, the Dealmaster is here with a big batch of deals for your consideration. The top deal today saves you over $400 on a Dell desktop. The Inspiron 3650 has an Intel Core i7-6700 processor, 16GB of RAM, Windows 7 Pro, and a 2TB hard drive, and it can be yours for $579. If you'd rather have Windows 10, the computer also comes with a Windows 10 Pro license. We have many more deals below, and for even more Dell coupons and deals, check out TechBargains.com. Dell Inspiron 3650 Intel Core i7 Quad-Core Desktop with 16GB RAM, Win 7 Pro & 2TB HDD for $579 (use code: DELLBIZ579 - list price $949). PCMag Editor's Choice Dell Latitude 14 7000 Intel Core i5 Dual-Core 14" Business Win7 Pro Laptop w/ 1080p Gorilla Glass Touchscreen, 256GB SSD and 8GB RAM, 3yr Warranty (Only 3.5lbs, MILSPEC rated) for $799 (use coupon code: SAVE$150 - list price $949.99). 2016 60" Samsung UN60KU6300 4K HDTV with High Dynamic Range & Micro Dimming Pro + $250 Dell Gift Card for $899.99. Anova Sous Vide Immersion Circulator w/ Bluetooth for $129 (price $149.99). Releases Tomorrow! New Amazon Fire TV Stick Quad-Core w/ Alexa Remote, $10 Amazon Video Credit, Free SlingTV, Hulu $39.99 for $39.99 (Previous Generation $49.99). Releases Tomorrow! Amazon Dot Bluetooth Speaker w/ Alexa Voice & Home Automation Control for $49.99 (Previous Generation $89.99). Laptop and desktop computers Dell PowerEdge T20 Intel Xeon E3-1225 v3 Quad-Core Tower Barebones Server for $279 (use code: 279T20 - list price $489). Dell Precision 15 5000 Intel Core i5-6300HQ Quad-Core 15" Mobile Workstation w/ 1080p UltraSharp InfinityEdge & Nvidia Quadro 1000m for $1199.07 (use codes: WSBONUS100 and SAVE35 - list price $1399). Dell Precision 15 3000 Intel Core i7-6700HQ Quad-Core 15.6" Laptop w/ AMD FirePro W5130M 2GB GPU, 720p Display for $1040.71 (use codes: WSBONUS100 and SAVE35 - list price $1229). Dell XPS 8900 intel Core i7-6700 Quad-Core Win 7 Pro Desktop for $679 (use code: DELLXPS679 - list price $779). For more computer deals, visit the TechBargains site. Electronics and components 60" Vizio M-Series 60" 4K 120Hz UltraHD LED Smart HDTV + $300 Dell Gift Card for $899.99. JayBird BlueBuds X2 Sport Wireless Bluetooth In-Ear Headphones for $79.99 (list price $149.99). Today Only! XYZprinting da Vinci Jr 3D Printer (5.9" Build Sizes) for $233.98 (list price $349.99). Philips Sonicare Series Rechargeable Electric Toothbrush for $19.95 (Clip $5 Amazon Coupon - list price $29.95). Everlasting Comfort 100% Pure Memory Foam Back Lumbar Cushion for $19.98 (use code: XL9DASD6 - list price $29.95). For more Electronics deals, visit the TechBargains site. Expand full story Reader comments 17 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit -  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Wednesday, November 16, 2016 3:06 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Energy, banks push Wall Street higher but Intel limits gains Wednesday October 19, 2016 11:48 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Denver is first US city to allow cannabis in bars, art galleries The Edit: Boston bombing victims tell their stories in ‘Marathon’ Wanita MCA: Jamal deserves punch to nose for preaching violence Bring them on: Southgate says he’s shown he can helm big matches Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Chipmaker Intel takes a tumble after disappointing current-quarter revenue forecast. — AFP file picNEW YORK, Oct 19 — A rise in energy and financial stocks pushed Wall Street higher yesterday, but a drop in consumer staples and Intel limited gains, especially on the Nasdaq. Intel tumbled nearly 6 per cent and was the biggest drag on all three indexes, after the chipmaker’s disappointing current-quarter revenue forecast. The Philadelphia SE Semiconductor index dipped 0.8 per cent. Oil prices surged more than 2 per cent after a report showed an unexpected drop in US crude stockpiles. The energy sector jumped 1.64 per cent, the most in three weeks, also boosted by a 5.2 per cent rise in Halliburton following its surprise quarterly profit. Morgan Stanley inched up 0.2 per cent after its results rounded off a strong quarter for big US banks. The financial sector has gained 1 per cent since Thursday, a day before the banks started reporting, while the KBW bank index is up 2.1 per cent. Through yesterday, earnings from S&P 500 companies had largely beaten market expectations, putting them on track to post profit growth for the first time in five quarters. Analysts now estimate earnings increased 0.2 per cent in the third quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. “We would see the third quarter as the bottoming out of the earnings recession that we have been experiencing for the last year or so,” said Tracy Maeter, global investment specialist, J.P. Morgan Private Bank in Philadelphia. “But it’s likely to be a little bit noisy with a lot of dispersion across the sectors.” At 11:00am ET (1500 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 76.12 points, or 0.42 per cent, at 18,238.06. The S&P 500 was up 6.62 points, or 0.31 per cent, at 2,146.22 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 3.83 points, or 0.07 per cent, at 5,247.67. Five of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, with the consumer staples’ 0.6 per cent drop the steepest. The Federal Reserve is due to release its Beige Book about 2pm ET, giving anecdotal commentary on the health of the US economy. The third and final US presidential debate between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton starts later in the evening. The stock market had gained on both days after the previous two debates, which were perceived to be won by Clinton. “The noise in the marketplace around politics can drive stocks in the short term, but in terms of the underlying influence... that’s going to be driven more by the economy and the profitability of companies,” Maeter said. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,949 to 861. On the Nasdaq, 1,420 issues rose and 1,100 fell. The S&P 500 showed seven new 52-week highs and two new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 34 new highs and 37 new lows. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Ananda mulls taking Astro private, report claims Ringgit opens lower against US dollar Bank Negara instructs foreign banks to refrain from offshore ringgit trading, sources claim KL shares open higher US, Europe markets rise on rosy economic data Oil slumps as prospect of Trump victory roils global markets Malaysia Airlines mulling purchase of 25 widebody jets next year Malaysia growth push stymied by banks cautious on loans BNM: Ringgit fell against most world currencies in third quarter US stocks decline after rally as election takes centre stage Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: NYC builds sticky notes wall in defiance of Trump Reuters Video: Trudeau arrives in Cuba for state visit Reuters Video: The Rolling Stones' ‘Exhibitionism’ debuts in New York Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Reuters Video: Philippines’ Duterte says ‘Long live Trump’ Did you know: The ocean is way deeper than you think Related Articles US stocks mixed as Samsung announces US$8b Harman deal (VIDEO) Analysts say Trump stocks rally could persist All bullish in the end as US stocks post best week since 2014 US stocks halt rally spurred by election as Trump win assessed Dow hits record high as markets ride on Trump win Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Oil, earnings lift Wall Street but Intel drags News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Oil, earnings lift Wall Street but Intel drags U.S. stocks notched a second straight day of gains on Wednesday, as climbing oil prices lifted the energy sector and earnings from Morgan Stanley provided a boost to financials. Posted 19 Oct 2016 19:40 Updated 20 Oct 2016 04:25 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., October 19, 2016. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., October 19, 2016. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson prev next prev next Thumbnail Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: U.S. stocks notched a second straight day of gains on Wednesday, as climbing oil prices lifted the energy sector and earnings from Morgan Stanley provided a boost to financials. Brent crude settled up 1.9 percent and U.S. crude settled up 2.6 percent after touching a 15-month high following a government report that showed a sharp drop in domestic inventories for the sixth week in seven. The energy sector rose 1.4 percent, its biggest gain in seven sessions. A 4.2-percent rise in Halliburton also provided a boost after the world's No.2 oilfield services provider posted third-quarter results. Morgan Stanley gained 1.9 percent after posting a better-than-expected quarterly profit to round out a string of solid results from big U.S. banks. The financial sector has risen in three of the past four sessions for a 1.7 percent advance. "We’re up because the (earnings) numbers are so great, the forward guidance is great and the banks just knocked it out of the park," said Ken Polcari, Director of the NYSE floor division at O’Neil Securities in New York. "In the end, this quarter of earnings will not be negative, they will be slightly positive after it is all said and done." A disappointing revenue forecast from Intel capped the advance on Wall Street, however. The chipmaker tumbled 5.9 percent as the biggest drag on each of the three major indexes. The PHLX semiconductor index shed 0.45 percent. With 70 companies in the S&P 500 having reported earnings through Wednesday morning, 80 percent have topped earnings' expectations. Third quarter earnings are now expected to increase 0.5 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S, which would be the first quarter of growth in five. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 40.68 points, or 0.22 percent, to 18,202.62, the S&P 500 gained 4.69 points, or 0.22 percent, to 2,144.29 and the Nasdaq Composite added 2.58 points, or 0.05 percent, to 5,246.41. The U.S. economy showed some signs of rising wage pressures in September and early October but overall compensation growth remained modest, the Federal Reserve said in its Beige Book report. The third and final U.S. presidential debate between Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton is set to begin on Wednesday at 9 p.m. EDT (0100 GMT Thursday). Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.40-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.52-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 10 new 52-week highs and 2 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 62 new highs and 56 new lows. About 5.97 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, below the 6.45 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak; Editing by Frances Kerry and Nick Zieminski) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
null
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Wednesday, November 16, 2016 3:06 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Stocks advance on earnings as crude oil rallies, Treasuries fall Wednesday October 19, 2016 11:32 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Denver is first US city to allow cannabis in bars, art galleries The Edit: Boston bombing victims tell their stories in ‘Marathon’ Wanita MCA: Jamal deserves punch to nose for preaching violence Bring them on: Southgate says he’s shown he can helm big matches Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Saudi energy minister Khalid al-Falih signals Opec can and will continue to stabilise the market. — Reuters file pic NEW YORK, Oct 19 — Stocks rose for a second day as energy companies surged with oil while corporate earnings boosted optimism on the economy. Treasuries fell. American equities gained as Morgan Stanley reported better-than-estimated results, outweighing a disappointing forecast from Intel Corp. Oil extended gains in New York after the Energy Information Administration reported that US crude inventories fell last week. Treasuries dropped as investors focused on the prospects of an interest-rate increase in December, while awaiting the Federal Reserve’s Beige Book. The earnings season is picking up pace amid a mood of political and economic uncertainty, with the next Fed meeting and the presidential election just three weeks away. Ahead of the third and final presidential debate tonight, a Bloomberg Politics national poll showed a nine-point lead for Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton over Republican Donald Trump. With investors seeking clues on the trajectory of US rates, they will watch closely the central bank’s survey of regional conditions this afternoon. “The Fed is likely to raise rates in December and I don’t think that will happen sooner than that,” said Michael James, managing director of equity trading at Wedbush Securities Inc. in Los Angeles. “As you continue to get results the next two weeks, it’s going to be an accumulation. For the most part, the bigger financials with Goldman yesterday, Morgan Stanley today, and BofA earlier in the week — all of them posting pretty respectable numbers.” Stocks The S&P 500 Index rose 0.2 per cent to 2,142.93 as of 10:38am in New York, after rising the most in two weeks yesterday. Morgan Stanley added 1.5 per cent after joining a parade of banks whose profits were bolstered by bond-trading revenue. Intel slid 4.9 per cent. Halliburton Co. rose after posting a surprise profit. “We did get a number of earnings so that will continue to be the focus,” said Yousef Abbasi, a global market strategist at JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC. “Maybe we could have some momentum behind financials today. It has been a market that has lacked leadership to a certain extent, so we’re looking to financials and energy.” European stocks were little changed after their biggest gain in a month, with earnings reports taking a back seat as investors await tomorrow’s European Central Bank meeting for possible updates on the direction of monetary policy. Shares of developing nations posted the biggest back-to-back gain in about four weeks after data showed China’s economy is stabilising. Commodities West Texas Intermediate for November delivery rose US$1.21 to US$51.50 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent for December settlement climbed US$1.14 to US$52.82 a barrel on the London-based ICE Futures Europe Exchange. The EIA reported a 5.25 million-barrel decline in nationwide crude supplies in the week ended October 14. Analysts surveyed by Bloomberg had forecast a 2.1 million-barrel increase and the American Petroleum Institute was said to report yesterday a 3.8 million-barrel drop. In Cushing, Oklahoma, the delivery point for US futures contracts, stockpiles fell 1.64 million barrels. Opec can continue to stabilise the market and other nations have given “strong signals” they will cooperate, Saudi Arabia’s Minister of Energy and Industry Khalid Al-Falih said in London. “Any indication of a deal will add fuel to the bulls’ fire,” Tamas Varga, an analyst at PVM Oil Associates, said by phone. “I don’t think it is going to last for a long time, but at the moment the trend is up.” Gold and silver advanced amid a decline in the dollar. Currencies The dollar fell for a third day against its peers after a core US inflation gauge rose less than forecast in September, suggesting the pace of interest-rate increases by the Fed will be gradual. The US currency dropped against most of its 16 major counterparts this week as the chances of a hike by December, according to fed fund futures pricing, receded amid mixed signals from the world’s largest economy. The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index, which measures the US currency against 10 major counterparts, dropped 0.1 per cent. It reached the highest level since March last week. The dollar was little changed at US$1.0969 per euro and weakened 0.4 per cent to 103.45 yen. “When we start breaking these levels it’s natural to see a bit of a pause,” said Gavin Friend, a strategist at National Australia Bank Ltd. in London, referring to the seven-month high in the Bloomberg gauge. “It’s even more natural if you take the view that the Fed is signaling it wants to go in December, but there are members of the Fed that mean we actually can’t be sure of that.” Elsewhere in the world, the ruble climbed as gains in the price of oil eclipsed investor concern the nation may face new sanctions over its role in Syria. China’s yuan halted this year’s longest run of losses. Brazil’s real gained even as policy makers are forecast to cut interest rates for the first time since 2012. Bonds Ten-year Treasury yields rose two basis points, or 0.02 percentage point, to 1.75 per cent, according to Bloomberg Bond Trader data. The yields slumped six basis points over the previous two days amid speculation that the Fed will tighten monetary policy at a gradual pace amid uneven growth in the world’s largest economy. “The December hike is still very much on the agenda,” said Jan von Gerich, chief strategist at Nordea Bank AB in Helsinki. “Small downward surprises at this point probably mean they’ll proceed even more carefully longer out, but I think they’re quite keen on a December hike.” Saudi Arabia plans to raise US$17.5 billion (RM73.7 billion) in the biggest ever bond sale from an emerging-market nation, according to four people with knowledge of the offering, as it seeks to shore up finances battered by the slide in oil. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Ananda mulls taking Astro private, report claims Ringgit opens lower against US dollar Bank Negara instructs foreign banks to refrain from offshore ringgit trading, sources claim KL shares open higher US, Europe markets rise on rosy economic data Oil slumps as prospect of Trump victory roils global markets Malaysia Airlines mulling purchase of 25 widebody jets next year Malaysia growth push stymied by banks cautious on loans BNM: Ringgit fell against most world currencies in third quarter US stocks decline after rally as election takes centre stage Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: NYC builds sticky notes wall in defiance of Trump Reuters Video: Trudeau arrives in Cuba for state visit Reuters Video: The Rolling Stones' ‘Exhibitionism’ debuts in New York Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Reuters Video: Philippines’ Duterte says ‘Long live Trump’ Did you know: The ocean is way deeper than you think Related Articles Stocks, dollar push higher tracking Trump Trump rally lifts stocks, Wall Street at record high Global stocks rally with commodities on Trump bets as dollar weakens Global stocks fall as bonds rise with gold amid US election jitters Global stocks drop as US election angst boosts yen, gold Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Energy, banks push Wall St higher, Intel limits gains By Reuters Published: 11:41 EST, 19 October 2016 | Updated: 11:41 EST, 19 October 2016 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan Oct 19 (Reuters) - A rise in energy and financial stocks pushed Wall Street higher on Wednesday, but a drop in consumer staples and Intel limited gains, especially on the Nasdaq. Intel tumbled nearly 6 percent and was the biggest drag on all three indexes, after the chipmaker's disappointing current-quarter revenue forecast. The Philadelphia SE Semiconductor index dipped 0.8 percent. Oil prices surged more than 2 percent after a report showed an unexpected drop in U.S. crude stockpiles. The energy sector jumped 1.64 percent, the most in three weeks, also boosted by a 5.2 percent rise in Halliburton following its surprise quarterly profit. Morgan Stanley inched up 0.2 percent after its results rounded off a strong quarter for big U.S. banks. The financial sector has gained 1 percent since Thursday, a day before the banks started reporting, while the KBW bank index is up 2.1 percent. Through Tuesday, earnings from S&P 500 companies had largely beaten market expectations, putting them on track to post profit growth for the first time in five quarters. Analysts now estimate earnings increased 0.2 percent in the third quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "We would see the third quarter as the bottoming out of the earnings recession that we have been experiencing for the last year or so," said Tracy Maeter, global investment specialist, J.P. Morgan Private Bank in Philadelphia. "But it's likely to be a little bit noisy with a lot of dispersion across the sectors." At 11:00 a.m. ET (1500 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 76.12 points, or 0.42 percent, at 18,238.06. The S&P 500 was up 6.62 points, or 0.31 percent, at 2,146.22 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 3.83 points, or 0.07 percent, at 5,247.67. Five of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, with the consumer staples' 0.6 percent drop the steepest. The Federal Reserve is due to release its Beige Book at about 2:00 p.m. ET, giving anecdotal commentary on the health of the U.S. economy. The third and final U.S. presidential debate between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton starts later in the evening. The stock market had gained on both days after the previous two debates, which were perceived to be won by Clinton. "The noise in the marketplace around politics can drive stocks in the short term, but in terms of the underlying influence ... that's going to be driven more by the economy and the profitability of companies," Maeter said. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,949 to 861. On the Nasdaq, 1,420 issues rose and 1,100 fell. The S&P 500 showed seven new 52-week highs and two new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 34 new highs and 37 new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED 'You need to be there in one hour!' Justin Bieber 'invites six girls to his hotel suite' after placing social media request for female company in Prague 'There's certainly no love lost between them': Laura Whitmore and Giovanni Pernice 'embroiled in backstage feud' before tearful elimination from Strictly Come Dancing My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Fifi Geldof flogs her used make-up online for £2: PR assistant uses website to sell more than 100 items including lipsticks and eyeliners Flogging accessories online via Depop Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'Neither is willing to betray anything intimate': Michael Fassbender and girlfriend Alicia Vikander have agreement not to discuss relationship Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway 'Turn haters into motivators!': Khloe Kardashian whips fans into shape in trailer for new TV series Revenge Body Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  'I think we'd be great together!' Billy Bob Thornton wants to work with ex-wife Angelina Jolie's estranged husband Brad Pitt  Told Playboy he even has a role in mind  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in magical gown at Fantastic Beasts premiere... but is her dress silver or gold? Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Move over Miley! Little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first single Make Me (Cry) Her turn to make her mark on music industry Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»INTEL AKTIE»Intel Corp: Why INTC Stock Is Sliding Down Today INTEL CORPORATION 32,552  Euro +0,101 +0,31 % WKN: 855681  ISIN: US4581401001 Ticker-Symbol: INL  Frankfurt | 16.11.16 | 08:00 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheHalbleiter AktienmarktNASDAQ-100 DJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 32,484 32,632 08:22 32,497 32,59 08:17 19.10.2016 | 17:04 (6 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) ProfitConfidential.com·Mehr Nachrichten von ProfitConfidential.com Intel Corp: Why INTC Stock Is Sliding Down Today Intel Corp Faces Increased Challenges Intel Corp (NASDAQ:INTC) stock is likely to take a hit after the company issued weak guidance for the current quarter. However, INTC stock has been quite resilient, posting 17% gains over the past one year as compared to 8% generated by the broader S&P 500. Intel Corp reported record quarterly revenue of $15.8 billion, a 9% year-over-year increase and operating profit of $4.5 billion on Tuesday. The company reported adjusted third-quarter earnings of $0.80 a share, which was ahead of street expectations. The company has. Den vollständigen Artikel lesen ... © 2016 ProfitConfidential.com Nachrichten zu INTEL CORPORATION Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 00:51 "The Intel Of Your Generation is Nvidia!' Screams Cramer ► Artikel lesen Di Intel announces $250 million for autonomous driving tech ► Artikel lesen Di Intel to invest over $250M in autonomous driving ► Artikel lesen Di Intel Is Making a Major Investment in Autonomous Vehicles ► Artikel lesen Di Intel Earmarks $250 Million To Fund Startups Working on Automated Vehicle Tech ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart INTEL CORPORATION Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % INTEL CORPORATION 32,552 +0,31 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
null
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 19 October 2016 | MYT 10:47 PM Wall Street flat as oil gains offset Intel’s drag At 9:43am ET (Wednesday), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 27.46 points, or 0.15%, at 18,189.4. The Reuters photo shows traders working on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. NEW YORK: Wall Street was little changed on Wednesday as gains in energy and financial stocks were offset by a drop in technology shares, led by Intel. Intel fell 4.7%, the biggest drag on all three indexes, after the chipmaker’s disappointing current-quarter revenue forecast. The news pulled the Philadelphia SE Semiconductor index 1.1% lower. Oil prices rose 1.3% as the dollar eased and data showed Chinese output dropped while US inventories shrunk. The energy sector’s 1.01% rise was the most among the 11 major S&P 500 indexes, also boosted by Halliburton’s 3% jump following its surprise quarterly profit. Morgan Stanley rose 1.7% after its quarterly profit and revenue beat consensus estimates, rounding off a strong quarter for big US banks. Fellow investment bank Goldman Sachs was up 1.3%. At 9:43am ET (1343 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 27.46 points, or 0.15%, at 18,189.4. The S&P 500 was up 0.22 point, or 0.01%, at 2,139.82 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 7.73 points, or 0.15%, at 5,236.10. Five of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower. Consumer staples fell the most, by 0.77%. The sector was dragged down by tobacco company Reynolds American, which fell 4% as its results missed estimates. Through Tuesday, earnings from S&P 500 companies had largely beaten market expectations, putting them on track to post profit growth for the first time in five quarters. Analysts now estimate earnings increased 0.2% in the third quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. While investors assess the flood of corporate earnings reports, they also await the Federal Reserve’s Beige Book at noon, which will contain commentary on economic health. The third and final US presidential debate between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton starts later in the evening. A Clinton presidency would be more positive for the markets as her positions are more well known than those of Trump, according to a Reuters poll. Among earnings, pipeline operator Kinder Morgan and payments processor American Express will issue results after the close. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,643 to 965. On the Nasdaq, 1,140 issues rose and 1,091 fell. The S&P 500 index showed five new 52-week highs and two new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 16 new highs and 21 new lows. - Reuters Tags / Keywords: Foreign News , Stocks You May Be Interested Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Best smartphones for the holidays Alibaba's founder to support 'mini Jack Ma' until university graduation Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Postecoglou shrugs off Thai shock as road to Russia toughens ‘Sky-high deterrent’ on foreign buying of prewar buildings MRT fare starts at RM1 Property Related advertisement Latest News Taliworks net profit jumps 80% SME contribution to GDP to grow 5%-5.5% this year Bank Negara asks foreign banks to refrain from trading NDFs Trump plans to scrap Dodd-Frank; for banks, it’s complicated Bank of Shanghai surges 44% on debut after US$1.6b IPO Most Viewed in Business Billionaire Ananda Krishnan exploring taking Astro private Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors MRT fare starts at RM1 Malaysia ask foreign banks to refrain from trading NDFs How to get the young to invest more and spend less Singapore to launch blockchain project for interbank payments Trump plans to scrap Dodd-Frank; for banks, it’s complicated Rail is a big theme in 2017 Malindo Air offering one million tickets to celebrate winning award KLCI slides at midday, ringgit weaker advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Gossip Footballnext Immersive Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News US Elections 2016 Podcast Business Demonetisation US Elections 2016 Immersive Latest News India vs Eng Podcast #GoodNews Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Gossip Footballnext Immersive Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News US Elections 2016 Podcast Business DemonetisationUS Elections 2016ImmersiveLatest NewsIndia vs EngPodcast#GoodNews Demonetisation US Elections 2016 Immersive Latest News India vs Eng Podcast #GoodNews Intel India Maker Lab: 14 Startups Showcase Products, Solutions 5 Internet of Things (IoT) Gadgets To Have in India To Make Your Home Smart Twitter to Introduce New Features to Combat Cyber-bullying Snapchat Quietly Files For One of The Biggest Tech IPOs News18 » Tech 1-min read Intel India Maker Lab: 14 Startups Showcase Products, Solutions IANS First published: October 19, 2016, 7:39 PM IST | Updated: October 19, 2016 The logo of Intel is seen during the annual Computex computer exhibition in Taipei, Taiwan June 1, 2016. REUTERS/Tyrone Siu/Files) Intel India on Wednesday hosted its first "Maker Lab Startup Conclave and Demo Showcase" at its campus here where 14 startups from the first batch of "Intel India Maker Lab" showcased their products and solutions. Set up a year ago, the ‘Intel India Maker Lab' is helping startups accelerate their hardware and systems innovation towards creation of new products and solutions by offering infrastructure, technology, tools and mentorship support, the company said in a statement. The startups utilised "Intel India Maker Lab" facilities in the areas of education, sports, health, agriculture, Banking, Financial services and Insurance (BFSI), e-governance, Internet of Things (IOT), Cloud and Client Compute. "With over 15 years of relentless commitment to research and development, we continue to build a community of innovators in India," said Nivruti Rai, General Manager, Intel India and Vice President, Platform Engineering Group, Intel Corp. The "Intel India Maker Lab" supported seven startups that came out from the Department of Science & Technology (DST)-Intel "Innovate For Digital India" Challenge. The startups that showcased their products and solutions are: Aerx Labs, Avench, Green Ocean Research, Jayalaxmi Agrotech, Klassik Klonec, Parkzap, Skylark Drones, Smartron, Terrablue XT, Acceleron Lab, BrownLogic, Phoenix Robotics, SrishtiESDM and Yaw software. Intel startup Trending Articles Right Hand to Be Inked for Old Currency Exchange From Today Cash Crunch: Some Important points About Indelible Ink Demonetisation: Indelible Ink to Prevent Multiple Cash Withdrawals FIFA WC Qualifiers: Ronaldo Scores Twice, Misses Penalty in Portugal Win Trending Articles Right Hand to Be Inked for Old Currency Exchange From Today Cash Crunch: Some Important points About Indelible Ink Demonetisation: Indelible Ink to Prevent Multiple Cash Withdrawals FIFA WC Qualifiers: Ronaldo Scores Twice, Misses Penalty in Portugal Win FIFA World Cup Qualifiers: Lionel Messi Magic Puts Argentina Back on Track Lionel Messi Falls Sick During Turbulent Flight, To Play WC Qualifier Against Columbia Lionel Messi Not to Renew Contract With Barcelona: Reports Darren Bravo Axed by West Indies Over 'Big Idiot' Jibe From Our Network Parliament LIVE: Congress in Rajya Sabha terms demonetisation 'financial anarchy'- FirstPost Godwoman's shooting spree at wedding function leaves one dead - Pradesh18 Three MP Board staffers held with Rs 25,000 bribe in new currency - Pradesh18 About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News 5 Internet of Things (IoT) Gadgets To Have in India To Make Your Home Smart New Zealand vs Pakistan, 1st Test: Kiwis Look to Bounce Back After India Disaster Sharman Joshi's Favourite Onscreen Cop? It Is Mr Bachchan These Sonam Gupta Bewafa Hai Memes Are Sure To Crack You Up Australian Media Lashes Out at Cricketers After Series Loss Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Oil, earnings lift Wall Street but Intel drags News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Oil, earnings lift Wall Street but Intel drags U.S. stocks notched a second straight day of gains on Wednesday, as climbing oil prices lifted the energy sector and earnings from Morgan Stanley provided a boost to financials. Posted 19 Oct 2016 19:40 Updated 20 Oct 2016 04:25 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., October 19, 2016. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., October 19, 2016. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson prev next prev next Thumbnail Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: U.S. stocks notched a second straight day of gains on Wednesday, as climbing oil prices lifted the energy sector and earnings from Morgan Stanley provided a boost to financials. Brent crude settled up 1.9 percent and U.S. crude settled up 2.6 percent after touching a 15-month high following a government report that showed a sharp drop in domestic inventories for the sixth week in seven. The energy sector rose 1.4 percent, its biggest gain in seven sessions. A 4.2-percent rise in Halliburton also provided a boost after the world's No.2 oilfield services provider posted third-quarter results. Morgan Stanley gained 1.9 percent after posting a better-than-expected quarterly profit to round out a string of solid results from big U.S. banks. The financial sector has risen in three of the past four sessions for a 1.7 percent advance. "We’re up because the (earnings) numbers are so great, the forward guidance is great and the banks just knocked it out of the park," said Ken Polcari, Director of the NYSE floor division at O’Neil Securities in New York. "In the end, this quarter of earnings will not be negative, they will be slightly positive after it is all said and done." A disappointing revenue forecast from Intel capped the advance on Wall Street, however. The chipmaker tumbled 5.9 percent as the biggest drag on each of the three major indexes. The PHLX semiconductor index shed 0.45 percent. With 70 companies in the S&P 500 having reported earnings through Wednesday morning, 80 percent have topped earnings' expectations. Third quarter earnings are now expected to increase 0.5 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S, which would be the first quarter of growth in five. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 40.68 points, or 0.22 percent, to 18,202.62, the S&P 500 gained 4.69 points, or 0.22 percent, to 2,144.29 and the Nasdaq Composite added 2.58 points, or 0.05 percent, to 5,246.41. The U.S. economy showed some signs of rising wage pressures in September and early October but overall compensation growth remained modest, the Federal Reserve said in its Beige Book report. The third and final U.S. presidential debate between Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton is set to begin on Wednesday at 9 p.m. EDT (0100 GMT Thursday). Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.40-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.52-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 10 new 52-week highs and 2 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 62 new highs and 56 new lows. About 5.97 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, below the 6.45 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak; Editing by Frances Kerry and Nick Zieminski) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
null
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary TheCannifornian.com Weather Today Subscribe Newsletter East Bay Times Weather Today Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary TheCannifornian.com Yahoo and Intel earnings; Bay Area rental… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Did Fisher, Ford have fling? Sexiest man alive Raiders sitting pretty Pittsburg banner Metallica in Oakland Killer sentenced to death Business Yahoo and Intel earnings; Bay Area rental market; more Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Yahoo headquarters in Sunnyvale, Calif., on Tuesday, Jan. 20, 2015. (LiPo Ching/Bay Area News Group) By Bay Area News Group October 19, 2016 at 6:41 am In the wake of scandals threatening Yahoo’s $4.8 billion sale to Verizon and its user base, CEO Marissa Mayer on Tuesday said the company is working toward consummating the deal while taking “deep responsibility” for protecting users’ personal information. Yahoo beat Wall Street’s predicted per-share earnings for the third quarter, met revenue expectations and turned around last quarter’s big loss. Intel on Tuesday reported better-than-expected third-quarter earnings and sales. However, Intel’s fourth-quarter sales outlook proved a disappointment to investors, who sent the company’s shares down by more than 5 percent in after-hours trading. The Bay Area rental market is cooling: Third-quarter rents for the nine-county region have barely budged — they’re up 1 percent from a year ago — and in some cities have even fallen. After a year of turmoil that tarnished its image, software startup Zenefits had one message for the hundreds of customers that packed its first user conference Tuesday: Zenefits is back, and it’s better than ever. LinkedIn’s latest workforce diversity figures show that white and Asian employees still far outnumber black and Latino workers, but the tech firm says it’s striving to improve those numbers by creating a more inclusive culture for underrepresented groups. Fremont solar company GlassPoint has found a business that seems to drive counter to the green ethos — it helps oil companies pull crude from the ground. Bay Area News Group Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Oakland: San Jose woman charged in triple killing Oakland Unified superintendent’s $400,000 pay package highest in Bay Area’s K-12 public sector El Sobrante: Richmond man shot to death Alameda Co. Public Defender seeks judicial action over court snafus Commuter ferry service from Richmond launched Kaepernick didn’t vote because he couldn’t vote Pittsburg police to issue citation on banner with racial slur Megyn Kelly says it’s important people learn of Trump’s actions More in Business Biz Break: Is Apple getting into glasses? Will new Nintendo NES Classic’s show up? November 15, 2016, 4:08 pm Could Apple have digital glasses in the works? Will Nintendo fix the dearth of its new NES Classic game consoles? Child safety group releases annual list of unsafe toys November 15, 2016, 1:20 pm A plush elephant pillow that could suffocate a baby, a plastic hammer with the potential to cause head injuries, and a slingshot-like device that shoots balls of slime that could cause eye injuries were singled out Tuesday by a child safety group as among 10 dangerous toys for sale this holiday season. Another Bay Area resident files class-action lawsuit against Mylan November 15, 2016, 3:50 pm The lawsuit alleges that Mylan’s “unfair and oppressive pricing” leaves thousands of California children and adults exposed to a risk of death from a food allergy or bee sting simply because they or their families cannot afford to pay for the devices. Twitter steps up the fight against online abuse November 15, 2016, 6:03 pm Twitter on Tuesday released new tools aimed at combating hate speech and online abuse, responding to ongoing criticism that the tech firm hasn’t been doing enough to curb harassment on its website. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps All Access Subscriptions Contact Us Corrections Archive Search Reprints Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notes © 2016 Digital First Media Sitemap Copyright Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Intel posts strong growth in the third quarter of 2016 by Jeff Kampman  8:19 AM on October 19, 2016 Intel wiped away any bad feelings from its bumpy second quarter yesterday with what it describes as record revenues and strong profitability. For the third quarter of 2016, the company took in $15.8 billion in revenue, a nine-percent year-on-year increase, and made $4.5 billion in operating income, up six percent from this time last year.   Q3 2016 Q3 2015 Change Revenue $15.8 billion $14.5 billion up 9% Operating income $4.5 billion $4.2 billion up 6% Net income $3.4 billion $3.1 billion up 9% Gross margin 63.3% 63.0% up 0.3% While CEO Brian Krzanich touted the company's continuing metamorphosis into a cloud-computing and Internet of Things company, Intel's traditional businesses also turned in strong results. The Client Computing Group took in $8.9 billion in revenue, up five percent year-over-year. Desktop platform volumes (a measure of processor and chipset sales as units) fell six percent year-on-year, but notebook platform volumes grew four percent and the average selling price of those platforms rose three percent. Intel's Data Center Group brought in $4.5 billion in revenue, up 10% year on year, and data center platform volume increased 12%. The Internet of Things group posted $689 million in revenue, up 19% year on year. That strong growth should please Intel, since the data center and IoT are where it's staked its plans for future expansion. Meanwhile, the Non-Volatile Memory Solutions Group took in $649 million in revenue, a one-percent year-on-year decrease; the Security Group took in $537 million, a six-percent year-on-year increase; and the Programmable Solutions Group took in $425 million, a six-percent increase over the former Altera's revenue from a year ago. For the fourth quarter, Intel expects $15.7 billion in revenue, plus or minus $500 million, and it projects gross margins of 61%. Tags: CPUs Miscellaneous Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... View full site Copyright ©1999-2016 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
12,590,575 members (66,485 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions SQL questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Third Party Products » Product Showcase » General   Article Alternatives Comments Add your own alternative version Tagged as PythonedisonIoTOpenCV Stats 4.5K views 3 bookmarked Posted 18 Oct 2016 Smarter Security Camera: A POC Using the Intel® IoT Gateway Intel Corporation, 19 Oct 2016 CPOL This article is a proof of concept to explore quickly prototyping an analytics solution at the edge using Intel® IoT Gateway computing power to create a Smarter Security Camera. Editorial Note This article is in the Product Showcase section for our sponsors at CodeProject. These articles are intended to provide you with information on products and services that we consider useful and of value to developers. Get access to the new Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution that allows developers to create exciting new solutions with the Intel® Galileo and Intel® Edison boards. Visit the Intel® Developer Zone for IoT. Intro Internet of Things (IoT) is enabling our lives in new and interesting ways, but with that comes the challenge of analyzing and bringing meaning to the stream of continuously generated data. One IoT trend in the home is the use of multiple security cameras for monitoring purposes, resulting in large amounts of data generated from images and video. For example, one house with twelve cameras taking 180,000 images per day can easily generate 5 GB of data. These large amounts of data make manual analysis impractical. Some cameras have built-in motion sensors to only take images when change is detected, and while this helps to reduce the data, light changes and other insignificant movement will still be picked up and have to be sorted through. To monitor the home for what is wanted, OpenCV* presents a promising solution. For the purposes of this paper it is people and faces. OpenCV already has a number of pre-defined algorithms to search images for faces, people, and objects and can also be trained to recognize new ones. This article is a proof of concept to explore quickly prototyping an analytics solution at the edge using Intel® IoT Gateway computing power to create a Smarter Security Camera. Figure 1. Analyzed image from webcam with OpenCV* detection markers Set-up It starts with a Logitech* C270 Webcam with HD 720P resolution and 2.4 GHz Intel® Core™ 2 Duo processor. The webcam plugs into the USB port of Intel® Edison development board which turns it into an IP webcam streaming video to a website. Using the webcam with the Intel® Edison development board allows for the camera "sensor" to be easily propagated to different locations around a home. The Intel® IoT Gateway captures images from the stream and uses OpenCV to analyze them. If the algorithms detect that there is a face or a person in view, it uploads the image to Twitter*. Figure 2. Intel® Edison board and Webcam setup Figure 3. Intel® IoT Gateway Device Capturing the image The webcam must be USB video class (UVC) compliant to ensure that it is compatible with the Intel® Edison USB drivers. In this case a Logitech C270 Webcam is used. For a list of UVC compliant devices, go here: http://www.ideasonboard.org/uvc/#devices. To use the USB slot, the micro switch on Intel® Edison development board must be toggled up towards the USB slot. Note that this will disable the micro-USB below to it and disable Ethernet, power (the external power supply must be plugged in now instead of using the micro-USB slot as a power source), and Arduino* sketch uploads. Connect the Intel® Edison development board to the Gateway’s Wi-Fi* hotspot to ensure it can see the webcam. To check that the USB webcam is working, type the following into a serial connection. ls -l /dev/video0 A line similar to this one should appear: crw-rw---- 1 root video 81, 0 May  6 22:36 /dev/video0 Otherwise, this line will appear indicating the camera is not found. ls: cannot access /dev/video0: No such file or directory In the early stages of the project, the Intel® Edison development board was using the FFMEG library to capture an image and then send it over MQTT to the Gateway. This method has drawbacks as each image takes a few seconds to be saved which is too slow for practical application. To resolve this problem and make images ready to the Gateway on-demand, the setup switched to have the Intel® Edison development board continuously stream a feed that the Gateway could capture from at any time. This was accomplished using the mjpeg-streamer library. To install it on the Intel® Edison development board, add the following lines to base-feeds.conf with the following command: echo "src/gz all http://repo.opkg.net/edison/repo/all
src/gz edison http://repo.opkg.net/edison/repo/edison
src/gz core2-32 http://repo.opkg.net/edison/repo/core2-32" >> /etc/opkg/base-feeds.conf Update the repository index: opkg update And install: opkg install mjpg-streamer To the start the stream: mjpg_streamer -i "input_uvc.so -n -f 30 -r 800x600" -o "output_http.so -p 8080 -w ./www" MJEG compressed format is used to keep the frame rate high for this project. However, YUV format is uncompressed which leaves more detail for OpenCV. Experiment with the tradeoffs to see which one fits best. To view the stream while on the same Wi-Fi network, visit: http://localhost:8080/?action=stream, a still image of the feed can also be viewed by going to: http://localhost:8080/?action=snapshot. Change localhost to the IP address of Intel® Edison development board that should be connected to the Gateway’s Wi-Fi. The Intel® IoT Gateway sends an http request to the snapshot address and then saves the image to disk. Gateway The brains of the whole security camera is on the Gateway. OpenCV was installed into a virtual Python* environment to create a clean and segmented environment for OpenCV and not interfere with the Gateway’s Python version and packages. Basic install instructions for OpenCV linux can be found here: http://docs.opencv.org/2.4/doc/tutorials/introduction/linux_install/linux_install.html. These instructions need to be modified in order to install OpenCV and its dependencies on the Intel® Wind River* Gateway. GCC, Git, and python2.7-dev are already installed. Install CMake 2.6 or higher: wget http://www.cmake.org/files/v3.2/cmake-3.2.2.tar.gz
tar xf cmake-3.2.2.tar.gz
cd cmake-3.2.2
./configure
make
make install As the Wind River Linux* environment has no apt-get command, it can be a challenge to install the needed development packages. A workaround for this is to first install them on another 64-bit Linux* machine (running Ubuntu* in this case) and then manually copy the files to the Gateway. The full file list can be found on the Ubuntu site here: http://packages.ubuntu.com/. For example, for the libtiff4-dev package, files in /usr/include/<file> should go to the same location on the Gateway and files in /usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/<file> should got into /usr/lib/<file>. The full list of files can be found here: http://packages.ubuntu.com/precise/amd64/libtiff4-dev/filelist. Install and copy the files over for packages listed below. sudo apt-get install  libgtk2.0-dev pkg-config libavcodec-dev libavformat-dev libswscale-dev
sudo apt-get install libjpeg8-dev libpng12-dev libtiff4-dev libjasper-dev  libv4l-dev Install pip, this will help install a number of other dependencies. wget https://bootstrap.pypa.io/get-pip.py
python get-pip.py Install the virutalenv, this will create a separate environment for OpenCV. pip install virtualenv virtualenvwrapper Once the virtualenv has been installed, create one called "cv." export WORKON_HOME=$HOME/.virtualenvs
mkvirtualenv cv Note that all the following steps are done while the "cv" environment is activated. Once "cv" has been created, it will activate the environment automatically in the current session. This can be seen in the command prompt at the beginning eg. (cv) root@WR-IDP-NAME. For future sessions it can be activated with the following command: . ~/.virtualenvs/cv/bin/activate And similarly be deactivated using this command (do not deactivate it yet): deactivate Install numpy: pip install numpy Get the OpenCV Source Code: cd ~
git clone https://github.com/Itseez/opencv.git
cd opencv
git checkout 3.0.0 And make it: mkdir build
cd build
cmake -D CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=RELEASE \
-D CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=/usr/local \
-D INSTALL_C_EXAMPLES=ON \
-D INSTALL_PYTHON_EXAMPLES=ON \
-D OPENCV_EXTRA_MODULES_PATH=~/opencv_contrib/modules \
-D BUILD_EXAMPLES=ON \
-D PYTHON_INCLUDE_DIR=/usr/include/python2.7/ \
-D PYTHON_INCLUDE_DIR2=/usr/include/python2.7 \
-D PYTHON_LIBRARY=/usr/lib64/libpython2.7.so \
-D PYTHON_PACKAGES_PATH=/usr/lib64/python2.7/site-packages/ \
-D BUILD_NEW_PYTHON_SUPPORT=ON \
-D PYTHON2_LIBRARY=/usr/lib64/libpython2.7.so \
-D BUILD_opencv_python3=OFF \
-D BUILD_opencv_python2=ON .. If the cv2.so file is not created, make OpenCV on the host Linux machine as well and copy the file over to /usr/lib64/python2.7/site-packages. Figure 4. Webcam capture of people outside with OpenCV detection markers To quickly create a program and connect a large number of capabilities and services together as with this project, Node-RED* was used. Node-RED is a quick prototyping tool that allows the user to visually wire together hardware devices, APIs, and various services. It also comes pre-installed on the Gateway. Make sure to update to the latest version. Figure 5. Node-RED Flow Once a message is injected in at the "Start" node (by clicking on it), the script will loop continuously after processing the image or encountering an error. A few nodes of note for the setup are the http request, the python script, and the function message for the tweet. The "Repeat" node is to visually simplify the repeat flow into one node instead of pointing all three flows back to the beginning. The "http request" node sends a GET message to the IP webcam’s snapshot URL. If it is successful, the flow saves the image. Otherwise, it tweets an error message about the webcam. Figure 6: Node-RED http GET request node details To run the python script, create an "exec" node from the advanced section with the command "/root/.virtualenvs/cv/bin/python2.7 /root/PeopleDetection.py". This allows the script to run in the virtual python environment where OpenCV is installed. Figure 7: Node-RED exec node details The python script itself is fairly simple. It checks the image for people using the HOG algorithm and then looks for faces using the haarcasade frontal face alt algorithm that comes installed with OpenCV. It also saves an image with boxes drawn around found people and faces. The code provided below is not optimized for our proof of concept beyond the optional scaling the image down before analyzing it and tweaking some of the algorithm inputs to suit our purposes. It takes the Gateway approximately 0.33 seconds to process an image. In comparison, the Intel® Edison module takes around 10 seconds to process the same image. Depending on where the camera is located, and how far or close people are expected to be to it, the OpenCV algorithm parameters may need to change to better fit the situation. import numpy as np
import cv2
import sys
import datetime

def draw_detections(img, rects, rects2, thickness = 2):
  for x, y, w, h in rects:
    pad_w, pad_h = int(0.15*w), int(0.05*h)
    cv2.rectangle(img, (x+pad_w, y+pad_h), (x+w-pad_w, y+h-pad_h), (0, 255, 0), thickness)
    print("Person Detected")
  for (x,y,w,h) in rects2:
    cv2.rectangle(img,(x,y),(x+w,y+h),(255,0,0),thickness)
    print("Face Detected")

total = datetime.datetime.now()

img = cv2.imread('/root/incoming.jpg')
#optional resize of image to make processing faster
#img = cv2.resize(img, (0,0), fx=0.5, fy=0.5)

hog = cv2.HOGDescriptor()
hog.setSVMDetector(cv2.HOGDescriptor_getDefaultPeopleDetector())
peopleFound,a=hog.detectMultiScale(img, winStride=(8,8), padding=(16,16), scale=1.3)

faceCascade = cv2.CascadeClassifier('/root/haarcascade_frontalface_alt.xml')
facesFound = faceCascade.detectMultiScale(img,scaleFactor=1.1,minNeighbors=5,minSize=(30,30), flags = cv2.CASCADE_SCALE_IMAGE)

draw_detections(img,peopleFound,facesFound)

cv2.imwrite('/root/out_faceandpeople.jpg',img)

print("[INFO] total took: {}s".format(
 (datetime.datetime.now() - total).total_seconds())) To send an image to Twitter, the tweet is constructed in a function node using the msg.media as the image variable and the msg.payload as the tweet string. Figure 8: Node-RED function message node details The system can take pictures on demand as well. Node-RED monitors the same twitter feed for posts that contain "spy" or "Spy" and will post a current picture to Twitter. Posting a tweet with the word "spy" in it will trigger the Gateway to take a picture. Figure 8: Node-RED flow for taking pictures on demand Summary This concludes the proof of concept to to create a Smarter Security Camer using Intel® IoT Gateway computing. The Wind River Linux Gateway comes with a number of tools pre-installed and ready to prototype quickly. From here the project can be further optimized, made more robust with security features, and even expanded to create smart lighting for rooms when a person is detected. About the author Whitney Foster is a software engineer at Intel in the Software Solutions Group working on scale enabling projects for Internet of Things. Notices No license (express or implied, by estoppel or otherwise) to any intellectual property rights is granted by this document. Intel disclaims all express and implied warranties, including without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement, as well as any warranty arising from course of performance, course of dealing, or usage in trade. This document contains information on products, services and/or processes in development. All information provided here is subject to change without notice. Contact your Intel representative to obtain the latest forecast, schedule, specifications and roadmaps. The products and services described may contain defects or errors known as errata which may cause deviations from published specifications. Current characterized errata are available on request. Copies of documents which have an order number and are referenced in this document may be obtained by calling 1-800-548-4725 or by visiting www.intel.com/design/literature.htm. Intel, Wind River, the Intel logo, and Intel RealSense are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. *Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others © 2016 Intel Corporation License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Intel Corporation United States No Biography provided Group type: Organisation 3 members You may also be interested in... Pro The Hybrid Cloud Pro How 5 Companies Maintain Optimal .NET Performance Using the IBM Watson IoT Platform with Intel® IoT Devices and Gateways Connecting to Microsoft Azure with Node-RED Using Amazon Web Services (AWS) IoT with Intel® IoT Devices and Gateways Bringing Up Arduino 101 (branded Genuino 101 outside the U.S.) on Ubuntu under VMware Comments and Discussions     -- There are no messages in this forum -- Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web02 | 2.8.161110.1 | Last Updated 19 Oct 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Intel Corporation Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2016 Layout: fixed | fluid
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel Corp. Earnings: Soft Guidance Overshadows Solid Results The chip titan did everything it had promised in the third quarter and more. But the stock took a quick haircut anyway because of soft fourth-quarter guidance. Anders Bylund (TMFZahrim) Oct 19, 2016 at 9:03AM Image source: Getty Images. Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) reported third-quarter results on Tuesday night. Following up on a rosy mid-quarter guidance update, the semiconductor giant delivered solid growth on both the top and bottom lines. However, investor expectations may have been a bit too high; Intel shares fell 5% in after-hours trading. Let's have a closer look at that market-moving report. Intel's third-quarter results: The raw numbers Metric Q3 2016 Actuals Q3 2015 Actuals Growth (YOY) Revenue $15.8 billion $14.5 billion 9.1% Net income $3.4 billion $3.1 billion 8.7% GAAP EPS (diluted) $0.69 $0.64 7.8% Data source: Intel. YOY = year over year. What happened with Intel this quarter? The quarter didn't work out exactly as outlined in the mid-September guidance update. In fact, most of the final results were better than the September forecast. The revenue till clicked $200 million above the updated forecast, led by strong sales in the Internet of Things division and the enterprise-oriented data center group. Both of those segments saw sales rising by double-digit percentages, compared with the same quarter of 2015. Costs associated with research and development plus mergers and acquisitions came in at $5.1 billion, in line with the original guidance target and $100 million below the September update. The ongoing restructuring program is running slightly ahead of schedule. Both gross margins and income tax rates came in just a hair stronger than previously expected. As usual, Intel provided a detailed slate of financial projections for the next reporting period. The fourth quarter should work out something like this: Sales should rise approximately 5% year over year, landing at $15.7 billion. GAAP gross margins are headed toward 61%, down from 64.3% in the year-ago quarter. Running the numbers on Intel's line-by-line forecast, GAAP earnings should stop near $0.68 per diluted share in the fourth quarter. That would be roughly 8% below the $0.74 per share seen in the fourth quarter of 2015. What management had to say In the earnings release, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich underlined the third quarter's solid results. "It was an outstanding quarter, and we set a number of new records across the business," Krzanich said. "We're executing well, and these results show Intel's continuing transformation to a company that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected devices." Looking ahead The fourth-quarter revenue forecast was set slightly below the normal seasonal trends. Furthermore, the gross margin picture is under pressure from factory start-up costs as Intel moves onto a next-generation manufacturing technology at the 10-nanometer node. The resulting mix of soft sales and flattish profits weighed on Intel's share prices, largely erasing the gains that were built on that September guidance update. The market can be a tricky beast. Strong results in the rearview mirror are often ignored when the road ahead shows a speed bump or two. What lies beyond those near-term challenges might not matter at all. That's the story behind Intel's falling share price this time. Anders Bylund owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Anders Bylund (TMFZahrim) Anders Bylund is a Foolish Technology and Entertainment Specialist. Where the two markets intersect, you'll find his wheelhouse. He has been an official Fool since 2006 but a jester all his life. Hypoallergenic. Contains six flavors not found in nature. Believes in coyotes and time as an abstract. Follow Anders on Twitter, LinkedIn, and Google+. Article Info Oct 19, 2016 at 9:03AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Could Intel's Latest AI Partnership Hurt Ambarella? 3 Ways Intel Corporation Has Changed in 3 Years Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x

Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: Did you know that the hundreds of articles written on Phoronix each month are mostly authored by one individual working insane hours? Phoronix.com doesn't have a whole news room with unlimited resources and relies upon people reading our content without blocking ads and alternatively by people subscribing to Phoronix Premium for our ad-free service with other extra features. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. Intel OpenGL vs. Vulkan Linux Benchmarks - Mesa Git + Linux 4.9 Written by Michael Larabel in Intel on 19 October 2016 at 08:44 AM EDT. Add A Comment With having delivered a number of RADV Radeon Vulkan benchmarks recently, time to turn the tables to see how the Intel Vulkan driver stack is comparing to its i965 classic Mesa DRI driver. Dota 2 benchmarks up today under Ubuntu 16.10 while using Mesa 12.10-dev and Linux 4.9. Ubuntu 16.10 doesn't ship with any Vulkan support out-of-the-box but it can be easily enabled. So before upgrading the Ubuntu 16.10 Yakkety Yak stack I first installed the mesa-vulkan-drivers and tested its stock performance (Mesa 12.0.3 + Linux 4.8). Following that I used the Padoka PPA to get the latest Mesa 12.1-dev Git code as of this week plus other updated user-space components. Lastly, the third run was using the updated Mesa stack while switching to the Linux 4.9 Git kernel as of yesterday. All benchmarks, of course, were done with the Phoronix Test Suite benchmarking software. Even at a mere 800x600 resolution, the OpenGL Dota 2 Linux performance was a few frames faster than under the Vulkan renderer... For both graphics APIs, the performance does seem to increase a bit with Linux 4.9. As the resolution increased, the Intel OpenGL driver continued running faster than the ANV Vulkan driver. At 1080p, the Intel OpenGL Mesa driver remained faster than its Vulkan driver even with Mesa and Linux 4.9 Git. Running some CPU usage tests, the results were close to the same between the renderers but if anything the Intel Vulkan driver is consuming slightly more of the CPU. Like the RADV driver, the Intel Vulkan driver has more maturing still to do. Add A Comment Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Intel News Intel SDK OpenCL 2016 R3 Brings OpenCL 2.1 & SPIR-V To Linux Ubuntu vs. Fedora vs. openSUSE vs. Clear Linux On Intel Kabylake Turbo Boost Max 3.0 Patches Updated, Now On By Default For Multi-Socket Systems Intel Stages More DRM Driver Changes For Linux 4.10 The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public Intel Publishes Open-Source Graphics Driver Code For Bringing Up "Geminilake" Popular News Fedora 25 Is Quite Possibly My Most Favorite Release Yet OpenGL vs. Vulkan With AMDGPU-PRO 16.40, Compared To NVIDIA On Linux Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux A Number Of KDE Apps Will Be Dropped If They Don't Get Ported To KF5 OpenGL Overload: Implementing OpenGL Over Vulkan The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public Latest Linux News GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) A Walkthrough Of Enlightenment's New Launcher "Luncher" Unity 8 & All Snaps-Based Ubuntu Still Expected For 18.04 LTS X.Org Server 1.19 Officially Released With A Year's Worth Of Improvements Unreal Engine 4.14 Ships With Better Vulkan Support KDE Frameworks 5.28 Brings Many KWayland Improvements, Relative Pointer Protocol Cryptsetup Vulnerability Allows Easily Getting To A Root Shell Intel SDK OpenCL 2016 R3 Brings OpenCL 2.1 & SPIR-V To Linux Raspberry Pi's Desktop Likely Switching To Compton For Better Performance A Very Basic Ubuntu Online Developer Summit Is Happening Now Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Fresh OpenCL + CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks On Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal With NVIDIA 375.10 On Ubuntu Linux 13-Way NVIDIA GeForce + CUDA 8.0 + cuDNN Caffe Benchmarks Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Market Insider with Patti Domm Early movers: MS, HAL, RAI, SVU, WFC, YHOO, INTC, SBUX & more Peter Schacknow | @peterschack Wednesday, 19 Oct 2016 | 7:56 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Stocks to Watch: October 19, 2016</p> <p>Morgan Stanley, Starbucks and Apple are grabbing headlines on Wall Street today.</p> Stocks to Watch: October 19, 2016    Wednesday, 19 Oct 2016 | 8:37 AM ET | 00:48 Check out which companies are making headlines before the bell: Morgan Stanley — The investment bank reported quarterly profit of 81 cents per share for the third quarter, beating estimate of 63 cents a share. Revenue was also above forecasts, with Morgan Stanley's results helped by a surge in bond trading activity among other factors. Halliburton — The oilfield services company posted a surprise profit of one cent per share, compared to analysts' forecasts for a six cents per share loss. Revenue did come in below forecasts, but Halliburton's bottom line was helped by cost cuts. Reynolds American — The tobacco producer missed estimates by three cents a share, with quarterly profit of 61 cents per share. Revenue also fell short of forecasts. Supervalu — The supermarket chain matched forecasts with earnings of 10 cents per share, but revenue came up short due to weaker-than-expected sales at the retail level. Wells Fargo — Wells Fargo is delaying a planned 10-year bond sale after S&P revised the bank's credit rating outlook to "negative" from "stable." However, the bond is expected to price today, according to a Dow Jones report. Yahoo — Yahoo reported adjusted quarterly profit of 20 cents per share, six cents a share above estimates. Revenue was in line with forecasts. Yahoo has a deal in place to be sold to Verizon, but some doubts have recently been cast upon the deal because of the recently revealed 2014 data hack. Intel — Intel beat estimates by seven cents a share, with adjusted quarterly profit of 80 cents per share. The chipmaker's revenue also beat forecasts in what the company said was an "outstanding" quarter. Intel's results were helped by growth in its data center and cloud businesses, as well as better demand for personal computers. However, the shares are under pressure because of apparent disappointment over data center business growth rates. Starbucks — Starbucks named its first-ever chief executive officer for its China operations. Belinda Wong, who had been president of that unit, becomes CEO, with the coffee chain aiming to double its China presence to 5,000 stores by 2021. News Corp. — News Corp.'s Dow Jones unit has told its employees union that it is planning a restructuring because of ad sales volatility. The Wall Street Journal — a Dow Jones publication — reports that it is not yet clear what form the restructuring would take, but that it may involve a reduction in head count. Microsoft — The company's Surface tablets were the target of criticism from New England Patriots coach Bill Belichick, who said he will not use them anymore on the sidelines because the devices do not perform consistently. Intuitive Surgical — Intuitive Surgical reported adjusted quarterly profit of $6.19 per share, well above estimates of $5.14 a share. The surgical products maker's revenue was also above forecasts. However, shares came under pressure after the company maintained its prior full-year forecast. Hewlett Packard Enterprise — HPE reaffirmed its full-year forecast at a meeting with analysts, but the cloud services and solutions company said it would see some short-term pressure after two planned spinoffs close during the coming fiscal year. Visa — The credit card issuer increased its quarterly dividend by 2.5 cents to 16.5 cents per share, a rise of 18 percent. Apple — Apple plans to launch new versions of its Mac computers at an October 27 event, according to Recode. Peter SchacknowSenior Producer, CNBC Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change MS --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
null
null
null
null
null
null
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Risk Assessment / Security & Hacktivism Flaw in Intel chips could make malware attacks more potent “Side channel” in Haswell CPUs lets researchers bypass protection known as ASLR. by Dan Goodin - Oct 19, 2016 11:00 am UTC Login to bookmark 78 Researchers have devised a technique that bypasses a key security protection built into just about every operating system. If left unfixed, this could make malware attacks much more potent. ASLR, short for "address space layout randomization," is a defense against a class of widely used attacks that surreptitiously install malware by exploiting vulnerabilities in an operating system or application. By randomizing the locations in computer memory where software loads specific chunks of code, ASLR often limits the damage of such exploits to a simple computer crash, rather than a catastrophic system compromise. Now, academic researchers have identified a flaw in Intel chips that allows them to effectively bypass this protection. The result are exploits that are much more effective than they would otherwise be. Nael Abu-Ghazaleh, a computer scientist at the University of California at Riverside and one the researchers who developed the bypass, told Ars: ASLR is an important defense deployed by all commercial Operating Systems. It is often the only line of defense that prevents an attacker from exploiting any of a wide range of attacks (those that rely on knowing the memory layout of the victim). A weakness in the hardware that allows ASLR to be bypassed can open the door to many attacks that are stopped by ASLR. It also highlights the need for CPU designers to be aware of security as part of the design of new processors. An Intel spokesman said he was investigating the research paper. Abu-Ghazaleh and two colleagues from the State University of New York at Binghamton demonstrated the technique on a computer running a recent version of Linux on top of a Haswell processor from Intel. By exploiting a flaw in the part of the CPU known as the branch predictor, a small application developed by the researchers was able to identify the memory locations where specific chunks of code spawned by other software would be loaded. In computer security parlance, the branch predictor contains a "side channel" that discloses the memory locations. When branches collide A table in the predictor called the "branch target buffer" stores certain locations known as branch addresses. Modern CPUs rely on the branch predictor to speed up operations by anticipating the addresses where soon-to-be-executed instructions are located. They speculate whether a branch is taken or not and, if taken, what address it goes to. The buffers store addresses from previous branches to facilitate the prediction. The new technique exploits collisions in the branch target buffer table to figure out the addresses where specific code chunks are located. Nothing's stopping malicious attackers from bundling a similar bypass app with attack code that exploits a critical OS or application vulnerability. The exploit could then use the disclosed memory location to ensure malicious payloads are successfully executed by a targeted computer, instead of being flushed without ever being run, as is normally the case when ASLR is active. The researchers believe that ASLR implemented by both Microsoft Windows and Apple's OS X is similarly vulnerable. They have yet to perform research on other chip architectures to see if they also contain side channels that defeat ASLR. The branch target buffer side channel isn't the only method for bypassing ASLR. Exploits often circumvent the protection by exploiting a second so-called memory-disclosure vulnerability present in the targeted OS or application. The advantage with the new technique is that attackers need not identify a second weakness. The new attack also works across virtualization boundaries, allowing the attack to be carried out in cloud environments, for example. The new technique is also faster and more nimble than an older form of ASLR bypass known as JIT spraying. On Tuesday, the researchers presented the bypass at the IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture in Taipei, Taiwan. Their accompanying paper, titled "Jump Over ASLR: Attacking the Branch Predictor to Bypass ASLR," proposes several hardware and software approaches for mitigating attacks. Expand full story Promoted Comments throx Ars Scholae Palatinae jump to post Solidstate89 wrote: Quote: The researchers believe that ASLR implemented by both Microsoft Windows and Apple's OS X is similarly vulnerable. I am curious myself if Windows 8 and up is vulnerable to this. Previous versions of Windows had ASLR support, but starting with Windows 8, Microsoft added HEASLR support for 64-bit applications to allow for a much larger virtual addressable memory pool which gave much higher entropy (hence the HE in HEASLR). However, it's still a subset of ASLR, so it probably is still affected by this I would imagine. Either way, it's pretty scary. My desktop runs a Haswell CPU and I'm not planning on upgrading anytime soon. Hopefully Intel can issue like a microcode update or something to fix this. One of the mitigations recommended is to use 17 or more bits of entropy for ASLR. Windows' HEASLR (https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/srd ... echniques/) uses 24 bits, so the (unfounded) assumption would be that Windows 8 or higher is definitely improved for user mode processes. I'm not sure the kernel uses HEASLR though, so may be a weakness there. 859 posts | registered 10/27/2005 fuzzyfuzzyfungus Ars Scholae Palatinae jump to post I'm always amazed to see where people smarter than I am can find yet another side-channel. You take a casual look at something and it's "Nope, nothing to see here"; but it turns out that what looks like a black box is actually spilling state all over the place. 3340 posts | registered 7/2/2012 dmitry_e Smack-Fu Master, in training jump to post Thank you all for your interest in our paper and your comments. Security is an arms race - attackers have their bag of tricks, and defenders have an array of mitigation schemes (ASLR, DEP, etc). Modern attacks are complex and chain multiple exploits, and no single defense is sufficient by itself. Our paper simply demonstrates how the attackers can bypass or weaken one of the defenses. It is not Intel’s fault - they have been designing branch predictors this way even before ASLR was introduced and it is unreasonable to expect them to consider future attacks like that. Can Intel redesign their branch prediction logic to have this attack vector go away in principle? Yes, absolutely. Should they? It depends on the trade-offs between cost, complexity, performance, power and security risks. It may be easier to harden ASLR in OS kernel implementations, but this may have implications that only kernel developers can assess. We also want to emphasize that our paper considers attacks on both KASLR and user-level ASLR. Current KASLR implementations are very simple and basically come for free, it is not a surprise that they are vulnerable to attacks, previous research also demonstrated attacks on KASLR using, for example, shared caches. Our results for user-level ASLR attack are less conclusive - we show that the entropy can be weakened, but it is not clear to what extent (future research is needed). It is important to make both CPU manufacturers and OS kernel designers aware of this issue so that more secure systems can be designed in the future. 1 post | registered 10/20/2016 Reader comments 78 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Dan Goodin / Dan is the Security Editor at Ars Technica, which he joined in 2012 after working for The Register, the Associated Press, Bloomberg News, and other publications.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] Win a Gigabyte GTX 1070 G1 Gaming Bundle [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: General Business Components News 0 Intel reports record quarterly revenue but forecasts disappoint by Mark Tyson on 19 October 2016, 10:01 Tags: Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qac74m Add to My Vault: Intel has published its Q3 2016 financial reports. The highlights of the report, as headlined by Intel, include record quarterly revenue of $15.8 billion, which is a gain of 9 per cent on last year's figure. From the revenue Intel made profits of $4.5 billion. However, investors were not pleased with Intel's revenue guidance concerning Q4, which has resulted in Intel stock slipping as much as 5 per cent in value in afterhours trading. "It was an outstanding quarter, and we set a number of new records across the business," said Intel CEO, Brian Krzanich, in the news release accompanying the financial statement. "In addition to strong financials, we delivered exciting new technologies while continuing to align our people and products to our strategy. We're executing well, and these results show Intel’s continuing transformation to a company that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected devices." However, part of the reason the investors are disappointed with Q4 projections is the impact of the 'continuing transformation' and necessary investments. Intel EVP Stacy Smith told CNBC the Q4 guidance is lower mainly due to Intel's next-gen manufacturing process start-up costs. Other negative influences on the Q4 outlook include; a forecast of $15.7 billion in revenue while analysts expected about $15.87 billion. Smith also expects the worldwide PC supply chain "to reduce their inventory," – this will impact the usual buoyant Q4. Looking at the current set of results (Q3 2016) the traditional PC business still accounts for greater than half of Intel's total revenue and it went up by nearly $9 billion, that's 5 per cent year on year. Intel's data centre business revenue was up nearly 10 per cent to $4.45 billion. IoT revenue was up 20 per cent to $689 million. Meanwhile Intel's Non-Volatile Memory Solutions Group revenue was $649 million, down 1 percent year on year (but up 17 per cent sequentially). Intel Security Group revenue at $537 million was up by 6 per cent. Overall the ascent of the Intel share price looks to have hit a speed bump as the growth areas that Intel is aiming at aren't quite providing the desired sparkling results at this time. Related Reading 2 Nanocoated cathode powders prevent Li-ion battery explosions Forge Nano claims that its tech could have made Samsung Galaxy Note 7 batteries safe. 12 Nvidia posts "record revenue, record margins, record earnings" Introduction and expansion of Pascal GPUs helps bump revenue up by 54pc. 0 Aorus branded motherboards and graphics cards to target gamers Gigabyte will begin this initiative in early 2017 with the first Intel 200 series motherboards. Microsoft ceases OEM sales of Windows 7 Pro and Windows 8.1 Has Nvidia closed the door on AIC partner Titan X graphics cards? EVGA SC17 1070 Gaming Laptop Intel to release an unlocked Kaby Lake Core i3 desktop CPU QOTW: Which CPU is inside your PC(s)? HEXUS Forums :: 0 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Log in to be the first to comment! MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Nvidia posts "record revenue, record margins, record earnings" 12 2 Aorus branded motherboards and graphics cards to target gamers 0 1 Nvidia posts "record revenue, record margins, record earnings" 12 2 Aorus branded motherboards and graphics cards to target gamers 0 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 AfterShokz introduce the next generation wired bone conduction headphones 2 HP Unveils Industry’s First-ever Mini Workstation 3 Announcing the Swiftech Komodo GTX Titan X Waterblock 4 Lian Li Releases the PC-O10 Dual-Compartment Mid Tower: ATX Meets SFX 5 TYAN Displays HPC Platforms for Enterprises and Data Centers to Accelerate HPC Market Growth at SC16 6 AMD Releases the Most Versatile Open Source Platform for GPU Computing INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,180 Forum posts: 2,558,722 Forum threads: 246,623 Currently active users: 591 Copyright © 1998 - 2016, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
null
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Leaders’ Insights: Karl McDermott, Three Ireland Design thinking brought to a new level through VR Is Calexit in the works? Silicon Valley investors call for California independence Donald Trump: The shock president Silicon Valley disdains Skibbereen success: Death to small town syndrome And so it begins: Messenger expanding sponsored chats Next generation key to helping family firms survive digital disruption Chinese group shows $1bn interest in IDG acquisition Facebook in midst of mutiny as staff form group to tackle fake news Samsung makes massive $8bn bet on connected cars Siemens closes in on $4.5bn Mentor Graphics deal Lies, damn lies and social media: Facebook defends role in US elections The Dukes are at it again: Major phishing campaign post-election 412m AdultFriendFinder network accounts exposed in massive breach MHC Tech Law: When can you resell software? The five-minute CIO: Alex Stamos, CSO, Facebook India’s surprise rupee chop a dream for fintech companies What is the rest of the world searching about Donald Trump? Vodafone Ireland to invest €250m in Gigabit Society transformation Revealed: The deplorable state of broadband in Ireland Lack of broadband is forcing rural businesses to relocate Clever Virgin offer puts WhatsApp and Messenger centre stage Siro CEO: ‘Fibre is about enabling a greater future for Ireland’ Siro claims 36,500 FTTH homes as 1Gbps fibre race steps up a gear Ludgate Digital Hub invests €45,000 in online education start-up Web Summit Lisbon shines a harsh light on Dublin’s rickety infrastructure Start-up of the week: Veri Integrated Training Dogpatch has a new patch – 40,000 sq ft extra space includes urban garden Female entrepreneurs welcomed for €500,000 start-up fund OpenBack wins €25,000 ESB Spark of Genius 2016 prize ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One 10 changes of the future: Bye bye apps, hello robots and blockchain Researchers find new answer to origin of the rings of Saturn It’s time for young researchers to have a voice How materials science is forging a new path in medicine 10 women whose passion for science is out of this world Osteoporosis test developed at UL to benefit millions of people Quantum computing breakthrough by Tyndall researchers Back to the Future fashion inspires solar-powered clothing New wearable terahertz scanner could revolutionise medicine Report suggests evangelical IoT predictions are a ‘triumph of hope over reality’ BMW: ‘Supercomputers, AI and 5G crucial to make self-driving real’ ‘Harry Potter invisibility cloak’ developed for photonic chips Facebook’s AI revolution will start with Picasso-like photo filters How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS In a dark week, we find light in career development Maths considered most difficult third-level STEM subject Interest in cybersecurity spikes due to US election Irish jobs dry spell creates opportunity for career growth College & Beyond event helps young women develop STEM careers How unusual recruitment methods attract better candidates I have just graduated. What do I do now? To close the tech skills gap, developing interest is essential What do you need to do to become a super boss? How do top companies attract top talent? Want a career in software? These are the most important skills Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful How materials science is forging a new path in medicine 10 women whose passion for science is out of this world 20 incredible women leading the way to scientific advancement Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase Lorna Ross: Innovation is all about timing, not good ideas Fjord’s Mark Curtis: ‘Design thinking must not become a management fad’ Want to know the 5 hottest jobs in life science? DocuSign opens new R&D operation in Dublin to counter cyber threats Aviva opens new digital hub creating 50 jobs in Galway Storyful plans job growth as it opens new Dublin office Hundreds of sci-tech jobs announced across 9 companies in Ireland IoT company Smartfrog to fill 35 new jobs in Dublin ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING In wake of Donald Trump victory, Microsoft thinks we need a ‘digital reset’ Waking The Feminists: One year on How many selfies do you take before landing on the perfect one? Senan Byrne, Ireland’s biggest Vine star, reacts to its death Dublin City Marathon is getting faster, older and more male 10 amazing images that bagged wildlife photography awards Apple could be getting into AR hardware in a big way Emoji alert: Breastfeeding, UFOs, vampires and hijabs on the way? WhatsApp ups its offering with GIF support on iOS 6 great gift ideas for lovers of Irish creativity Samsung pins its hopes on AI assistant in Galaxy S8 WhatsApp about to steal some of Snapchat’s ideas You can now recreate Ireland in Minecraft with OSI maps Can you recognise the main rooms from your favourite TV shows? ‘No Man’s Sky was a mistake’: Hello Games deletes inflammatory tweet (updated) Nintendo Switch: 6 games you can play on the console TV wars continue as Sky reveals mobile app Red Dead Redemption 2 finally confirmed for 2017 release Black Friday deals: Where are the best early offers? Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook Canada immigration website crashes as US deals with Donald Trump win Twitter reacts to Donald Trump winning US presidency Who will win the US presidential election? Google calling it first See how Earth’s population grew over time ALL How can colleges ensure everyone gets a chance? Is ‘Peers Inc’ the latest industrial revolution? How social media helped save codebreaking’s true home David Hennessy: Making Three plus O2 equal one The working life is changing fast, companies need to catch up Nora Khaldi on being both a scientist and an engineer ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT COMPANIES Intel boosted by surprise rise in PC demand, though forecast not pretty by Gordon Hunt 19 Oct 20167 Shares Intel. Image: Toni Genes/Shutterstock A rise in data centre business, PC operations and overall net income impressed for Intel in Q3, but its forecast isn’t pleasing many. Intel’s Q3 results were revealed yesterday and came in above analyst predictions, thanks in part to a surprising rise in the company’s PC business. It rose by by 4.5pc year-on-year to $8.89bn, with the company’s data centre business up 9.7pc to $4.54bn. Though despite the impressive figures, and a rise in net income from $3.11bn to $3.38bn, it was Intel’s forecast that most interested investors – and the outlook doesn’t impress many. Projecting $15.7bn in revenues for Q4 (down on analyst estimates which were around $15.86bn), shares were down following the announcement of the news. “This is below the average seasonal increase for the fourth quarter as we expect the worldwide PC supply chain to reduce their inventory,” said Stacy Smith, Intel’s executive VP. The supply and demand of PCs, on which Intel relies so much, is in a worrying era for the company. Despite the surprise raising of its Q3 forecast last month, PC sales are looking increasingly unreliable. According to recent figures from Gartner, the desktop computer is already fading from view. A two-year period of solid decline was recently underlined by an almost 12pc total fall in Lenovo, HP, Dell, Asus, Apple, Acer and all other manufacturers’ sales in the past year. HP, Dell and Asus actually had marginal gains but, beyond the major operators, the drop was so dramatic that the entire industry was dragged down. Given that over half of Intel’s revenues come from its PC business, this is clearly an ongoing concern – though its cloud operations may point towards some positivity. Revenue growth from this unit for the full year will likely be in the high single digits, Brian Krzanich, Intel’s CEO, said on the call with Reuters. Demand for cloud-based services has been growing as more businesses shift to cloud-computing methods. “It was an outstanding quarter, and we set a number of new records across the business,” said Krzanich. “In addition to strong financials, we delivered exciting new technologies while continuing to align our people and products to our strategy. “We’re executing well, and these results show Intel’s continuing transformation to a company that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected devices.” Intel. Image: Toni Genes/Shutterstock Related: employers, Intel, Earnings Gordon Hunt is a journalist at Siliconrepublic.com editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Jobs 10 top companies hiring coders right now 20 Oct 201685 Shares Hiring Now Join us to create the technology of tomorrow Helping the world be well. Work for what matters. Help us change the way money works A dynamic and rapidly expanding company Jobs Intel report finds global cybersecurity talent shortage 28 Jul 201638 Shares Companies 2016 Intel diversity report shows little progress for women 15 Aug 201621 Shares WANT TO KNOW MORE ABOUT FEATURED EMPLOYERS? Photo via Gajus/Shutterstock Silicon Republic’s Featured Employers campaign highlights top companies that are hiring right now. To find out more about the campaign and how to become part of it, please submit an enquiry. Companies Intel acquires Irish chip firm Movidius to drive machine-vision revolution 6 Sep 2016596 Shares Advice Pay us in pizza! How a few slices can motivate an entire team 2 Sep 201666 Shares Companies Intel reports mixed Q2 as cloud and IoT strategy gets off to a rocky start 21 Jul 20164 Shares Latest News Next generation key to helping family firms survive digital disruption 14 hours ago Back to the Future fashion inspires solar-powered clothing 14 hours ago Researchers find new answer to origin of the rings of Saturn 14 hours ago It’s time for young researchers to have a voice 14 hours ago Vodafone Ireland to invest €250m in Gigabit Society transformation 14 hours ago Chinese group shows $1bn interest in IDG acquisition 15 hours ago How materials science is forging a new path in medicine 18 hours ago New wearable terahertz scanner could revolutionise medicine 18 hours ago Black Friday deals: Where are the best early offers? 19 hours ago Report suggests evangelical IoT predictions are a ‘triumph of hope over reality’ 20 hours ago 10 women whose passion for science is out of this world 21 hours ago Leaders’ Insights: Karl McDermott, Three Ireland 21 hours ago Osteoporosis test developed at UL to benefit millions of people 22 hours ago Want to know the 5 hottest jobs in life science? 22 hours ago Apple could be getting into AR hardware in a big way 22 hours ago Quantum computing breakthrough by Tyndall researchers 22 hours ago Facebook in midst of mutiny as staff form group to tackle fake news 22 hours ago Revealed: The deplorable state of broadband in Ireland 23 hours ago Humming asthma treatment wins SciFest 2016 for Kildare student 1 day ago Lack of broadband is forcing rural businesses to relocate 1 day ago Ludgate Digital Hub invests €45,000 in online education start-up 1 day ago The Dukes are at it again: Major phishing campaign post-election 1 day ago Prof Mark Ferguson: Serial entrepreneurs are the lifeblood of Irish research 1 day ago European AI expert Prof Barry O’Sullivan named SFI Researcher of the Year 2016 1 day ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2016 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 19 October 2016 | MYT 3:00 PM Intel's results beat estimates; forecast disappoints Promising sector: Demand for cloud-based services has been growing as more businesses shift to cloud-computing methods. — Reuters Intel Corp reported better-than-expected quarterly earnings and revenue, boosted by improving PC demand and growth in its datacentre and cloud businesses, but its revenue forecast for the current quarter disappointed Wall Street. The world's largest chipmaker's shares were down 5.3%  in after-hours trading on Tuesday. Intel said it expects fourth-quarter revenue of US$15.7bil (RM65.8bil), plus or minus US$500mil (RM2bil). Analysts on average were expecting US$15.86bil (RM66.2bil), according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "This is below the average seasonal increase for the fourth quarter as we expect the worldwide PC supply chain to reduce their inventory," executive vice president Stacy Smith said on a conference call with analysts. Last month, Intel raised its third-quarter revenue forecast for the first time in more than two years, citing improving PC demand. The company's decision to raise third-quarter forecast moved investors' expectations to a higher level, Stifel Nicolaus analyst Kevin Cassidy said. Revenue from the datacentre business, which offers storage and cloud-based software services, rose 9.7% to US$4.54bil (RM19bil) in the third quarter, from a year earlier. Revenue growth from this unit for the full year will likely be in the high single digits, Intel chief executive Brian Krzanich said on the call. Demand for cloud-based services has been growing as more businesses shift to cloud-computing methods. Intel, which has been hurt due to weak PC demand, said last month it was seeing signs of improvement among PC parts suppliers. According to research firm IDC, global PC shipments fell by a smaller-than-expected 3.9% in the third quarter. Revenue from the company's traditional PC business, which still accounts for over half of Intel's total revenue, rose 4.5% to US$8.89bil (RM37.2bil). Excluding items, the company earned 80 cents per share, above analysts' average estimate of 73 cents. The company's net revenue rose 9.1% to US$15.78bil (RM66.1bil), beating the average analyst estimate of US$15.58bil (RM65.3bil). Net income rose to US$3.38bil (RM14.16bil), or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct 1, from US$3.11bil (RM13.02bil), or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. Up to Tuesday's close, Intel's shares had risen 9.6%  this year, lagging the 22.8% gain in the broader Philadelphia semiconductor index. —  Reuters You May Be Interested Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Best smartphones for the holidays Alibaba's founder to support 'mini Jack Ma' until university graduation Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Tourists now prefer lodgings with Airbnb flavour, hoteliers told Messi masterclass puts Argentina back on World Cup track MRT fare starts at RM1 advertisement Latest News Photo Kit: Taking better photos of your pets (and kids) Make perfect copies of old photos with PhotoScan US trade panel eyes Qualcomm patent complaint against Chinese firms Google commits to post-Brexit UK with major London investment GE acquires two artificial intelligence startups Most Viewed in Tech GE acquires two artificial intelligence startups Best smartphones for the holidays Singapore to launch blockchain project for interbank payments Photo Kit: Taking better photos of your pets (and kids) Make perfect copies of old photos with PhotoScan Google commits to post-Brexit UK with major London investment Warning! Traces of grime on your phone reveal your life story US trade panel eyes Qualcomm patent complaint against Chinese firms Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump Sex hook-up websites' login credentials hacked Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)

GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookGoogle+Log In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop Good Gear Guide > News > Intel's revenue soars with help from the PC group Intel's revenue soars with help from the PC group But the company shifts its holiday forecast downward. Mark Hachman (PC World (US online)) on 19 October, 2016 10:10 0 - - - - print email Though Intel’s PC group, data center, and Internet of Things businesses helped drive Intel to record revenue in its third quarter of 2016, all eyes seemed focused on one number: the company’s fourth-quarter forecast, which isn’t great. Intel achieved a 9 percent year-over-year increase in profits, up to $3.4 billion, and a 9 percent increase in revenue as well, to a record high of $15.8 billion. Unfortunately, the company’s projections for fourth-quarter revenues are actually slightly down: $15.7 billion, with some $500 million either way in terms of wiggle room. Traditionally, Intel sees its highest revenue in the fourth quarter, so the numbers provide an indication of how the holiday tech sales season is expected to go. What this means: In all, it was the sort of topsy-turvy earnings report not usually associated with Intel: The Client Computing Group, which oversees Intel’s PC processors, reported 5 percent growth, which was higher than expected. That flies in the face of continued predictions that the PC market is in decline. Intel also reported that revenue from its enterprise businesses—usually a strong, stable sector—hadn’t quite met expectations. The PC stands out Intel executive Stacy Smith, in his last quarter as Intel’s chief financial officer, commented on the Client Computing Group's surprise growth to $8.9 billion: “Everything went right: they had phenomenal growth, they had unit costs coming down, they were making prudent dis-investment decisions." Smith added, “When you add all that up, they become a real cash and profit driver for the company.” Intel executives didn’t talk much about the company’s products, let alone specifics. But the company’s next frontier is 3D Xpoint, which executives hope could one day replace the flash memory technology used in today’s SSDs, and update computer memory as well. Intel executives said 3D Xpoint is now sampling to customers, who will begin qualifying the next-generation memory technology at the end of this quarter. (Qualification is a testing process to ensure a number of things, including the viability of the technology and its compatibility with customers' existing products.) Brian Krzanich, Intel’s chief executive, said that sales of the products would begin in 2017 and increase throughout the year. As Intel ramps up production, 3D Xpoint’s costs should decrease, he added. Brand Post Top 10 Things to Love about Surface Pro 4 More from Microsoft's Surface Pro 4 Join the Good Gear Guide newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags intel Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Mark Hachman PC World (US online) Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Fetch TV Mighty review: Better than Foxtel 2 ​Fetch TV Mini review: Make your TV a smart TV 3 ​Panasonic DX900U UHD 4K smart TV review: Best all-round TV ever? 4 ​Parrot Mambo Drone review 5 ​Evapolar USB air conditioner review Latest News Articles Congratulations to our Rapoo Xiro Xplorer V drone competition winner! Apple brings back the peach-butt emoji in iOS 10.2 beta 3 Overwatch's new Sombra character and Arcade Mode go live for everyone today 3D printer owners rate the best 14 machines Intel's latest Xeon chips based on Skylake due next year Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Simon Harriott STYLISTIC Q702 My first impression after unboxing the Q702 is that it is a nice looking unit. Styling is somewhat minimalist but very effective. The tablet part, once detached, has a nice weight, and no buttons or switches are located in awkward or intrusive positions. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content ​Google Daydream View VR full, in-depth review A 5 Minute Chat With Major Nelson 100 Best things at PAX Australia 2016 so far Which flagship TV is best? Sony 4K HDR Bravia 2016 versus LG 4K HDR OLED 2016 10 Blu-ray movies / Best looking Blu-ray movies Latest Jobs Latest Jobs FTSenior Functional Analyst - PeopleSoftQLD FTBusiness SpecialistNSW TPTest LeadQLD TPGIS Project ManagerVIC TPSenior PHP ProgrammerQLD TPSHAREPOINT SPECIALISTQLD FTChange Manager/ Project ManagerACT FTOperations SupportNSW CCCyber Security Business AnalystNSW CCService Desk ConsultantNSW CCProject Administrator-NSW CCAutomation ManagerNSW CCService Now DeveloperVIC FTTraffic / Production ManagerNSW CCSenior Citrix EngineerNSW CCSEO StrategistNSW FTService Center Analyst (Service Desk)VIC CCWindows 365 Engineer - start ASAPNSW FTSenior/Lead Java DeveloperVIC FTQuantitative Developer | C# | circa $130,000-160,000NSW CCSenior Software DeveloperNSW TPAnalyst Work Place SupportVIC FTSenior Python DeveloperNSW CCWintel Technical LeadVIC CCWindows AdministratorNSW Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles Are networks prepared for the live virtual reality experience? computerworld.com.au Cybersecurity skills “chasm” widening as Trend Micro joins rush to stake its claim cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au Sony builds on distie partnership with Alloys arnnet.com.au Ladbrokes Australia gets first GM of customer experience and innovation cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Username Password Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Intel beats earnings, falls on weak guidance InvestorPlace 10/18/2016 James Brumley © Provided by InvestorPlace Intel Corporation (INTC) Beats Earnings, Falls on Weak Guidance Investors could have viewed the glass as half full for Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) following the release of last quarter’s numbers after the closing bell rang on Tuesday. They just didn’t. Quotes in the article Intel Corp INTC ▲ 34.91 +0.43 +1.25% Netflix Inc NFLX ▲ 113.59 +0.21 +0.19% Last quarter — the company’s third fiscal quarter of the year — Intel earned 69 cents per share on a GAAP basis, or 80 cents on a non-GAAP basis, on revenue of $15.78 billion — a 9% improvement for the top line. In the same quarter a year earlier, the technology company earned 64 cents per share of INTC stock on revenue of $14.5 billion. Analysts, however, were collectively expecting sales of $15.56 billion and income of 72 cents per share of INTC. Intel stock fell 4% in after-hours trading following the release of the results. 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Hillary Clinton CEO Brian Krzanich commented: “It was an outstanding quarter, and we set a number of new records across the business. In addition to strong financials, we delivered exciting new technologies while continuing to align our people and products to our strategy. We’re executing well, and these results show Intel’s continuing transformation to a company that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected devices.” Dethroned by Shift in Consumer Tastes Once the big name in computer processors, the rise of tablets and smartphones and the subsequent deterioration of PC sales have taken a bite out of Intel’s business. INTC didn’t have a small, power-efficient processor that manufacturers could get wholly behind. Its Atom processor was a respectable entry in that race, but simply couldn’t compete with Qualcomm, Inc. (NASDAQ:QCOM) or Samsung Electronics (OTCMKTS:SSNLF). That’s a big part of the reason Intel has all but abandoned the mobile processor market, though not permanently. It’s diving headfirst into the 5G and Internet of Things (IoT) chipset market, even if it was late getting started. That, however, won’t bear revenue until 2020. The company should serve up something more compelling to INTC shareholders between now and then. For instance, in August, the company upped its third-quarter revenue guidance from $14.9 billion to $15.6 billion. An unexpected uptick in PC sales was cited as the reason. IT market research outfit Gartner doesn’t see it quite the same way, reporting just last week that PC sales fell 5.7% during the third quarter. Intel delivered on this front, though. Client Computing revenue grew 5% on a year-over-year basis, to $8.9 billion. That was 21% better than Q2’s sales for the Client Computing arm. It’s possible Intel is gaining market share in the still-shrinking PC market, but if the company is to thrive in the foreseeable future, it’s going to be mostly driven by strong enterprise-level revenue. Enterprise Is the Future The data-center arm now contributes roughly half of Intel’s operating profits. Although, its data center revenue come up short of revenue forecasts in each of the prior three quarters, it’s still generated growth, and ramped that growth pace up last quarter. Data Center Group revenue reached $4.5 billion, up 13% from Q2’s tally, and 10% better than year-ago levels. Its Internet of Things division drove $689 million in sales, which was higher by 20% sequentially, and up 19% versus its year-ago total. Nevertheless, Intel needs to be smart on this front. Just this week, a consortium that includes Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL, NASDAQ:GOOG), International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE:IBM) and several other top technology names was formed with the intent of developing new data center architecture. This hardware will accelerate machine learning and analytics, and could end up serving as competitor to Intel’s data center offering. Intel also needs to be cost-conscious on the R&D front. Research and development costs along with management and administrative costs were up 5% to $5.1 billion last quarter. While its data center business will soon be under pressure and the company has abdicated the mobile processor market, it’s not abdicated the mobile market altogether. Its smartphone modem chips were selected as that component in the recently launched iPhone 7 from Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), underscoring the idea that Intel’s diverse foundry can create ways to ride the rising tide of smartphones and tablets. By that same token, Intel is increasingly adding component chips to hardware that isn’t necessarily made by Intel or made for Intel chipsets. It’s going to need to do a lot more of those kinds of deals, however. Edward Jones analyst Bill Kreher accurately pointed out that the iPhone supply deal wasn’t meaningful enough to matter to the bottom line. Should You Go Against the Grain and Sell Netflix Stock? (NFLX) Looking ahead,the company guides for Q4 revenue of $15.7 billion. No per-share guidance was offered. Analysts, however, were expecting Intel to report earnings of 76 cents per share of INTC on $15.85 billion. Both are improvements on the Q4 2015 results, but the disappointing revenue guidance fanned the bearish flames that sent Intel stock lower after the close. As of this writing, James Brumley did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from InvestorPlace Snapchat IPO Filing Puts a Charge Into 2017 IPO Market InvestorPlace Big Tech rebounds as Trump rally rolls on InvestorPlace Why Nokia Corp (ADR) (NOK), Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (ADR) (TEVA) and Home Depot Inc (HD) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks InvestorPlace Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Debuts New Taco Bell Logo InvestorPlace InvestorPlace View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Man to sue judge who denied him firearms Tips sought in two Vancouver theft cases Police release surveillance photos in two recent shopliftings State reports fewer trapped gypsy moths Election roundup: Clinton passes Trump again in Clark County Weighted stuffed animals provide comfort Weather Eye: Normal weather returns; Thursday, Friday dry for outdoor plans U.S. experts host volcano workshop Police departments eye lower recruitment criteria Woman charged in head-on crash Weighted stuffed animals provide comfort Stuffed animals have long been seen as cuddly sources of comfort, but with added weight they bear a greater therapeutic… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Blazers get bulled over by Chicago Langsdorf named Pac-12 Co-Player of Year High school scoreboard 11-15 Prairie girls basketball off to fresh start Community notebook: Woodland’s Cichosz crowned World’s Toughest Mudder Community scoreboard 11-14 Seager, Fulmer take Rookie of the Year honors Russell Wilson joining Seattle Arena investment group Nominees for the Week 11 fall sports prep athlete of the week How Clark County college football players fared, Nov. 12 Nominees for the Week 11 fall sports prep athlete of the week Weekly vote, sponsored by Athletes Corner, continues through Thursday Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Twitter to release new tools for users Oregon jobless rate dips to 5.3% on rapid job growth McDonald’s tests a Big Mac with a Sriracha kick Snapchat Specs headed to Oregon, Washington? Legacy-GoHealth Urgent Care partners with Uber Groups, BNSF Railway reach agreement in coal dust lawsuit Stocks rise with jump in oil, energy companies Retail sales exceeds forecast in advance EPA OKs parts of state clean-water plan Election, weather bog down October housing market in Clark County Groups, BNSF Railway reach agreement in coal dust lawsuit SEATTLE — A tentative agreement has been reached between BNSF Railway and seven environmental groups that sued alleging coal spilled… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Goodbye, roasted turkey — Say hello to crusted pork The world’s best waffles Make these chocolate rosemary biscotti for a snack or a gift Mini pies take center stage A few simple hacks, and I have a new hero A one-pot take that does ‘pasta fazool’ one better Keep turkey breast moist by putting stuffing under the skin Molasses cookies kind of perfect Know volume of baking pans Southwestern chicken & rice skillet recipe gets a boost from fresh peppers, spices Goodbye, roasted turkey — Say hello to crusted pork If you want to tweak your predictable Thanksgiving dinner and turn it into something memorable that your guests will talk… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Does He Mean What he Says? Sowell: We dodged one bullet, but there could be a lot more Letter: Be honest about Civil War Letter: Protesters show hypocrisy Letter: Support palliative care bill Letter: Fight for what is right Letter: Terminal doesn’t belong in Kalama In Our View: Blackface is Overt Racism Pitts: Americans said yes vile treatment of most vulnerable Letter: Provide support for caregivers Editorial Cartoons, Nov. 13-19 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Chick-fil-A patrons overwhelm lot shared by 2 other businesses Everybody Has a Story is looking for more Kindergartners learn about fire safety Mount St. Helens Institute raises $103,000, celebrates 20 years Firefighters fit students for coats Employees donate time, money on Make A Difference Day Felida church collecting items for children worldwide New public art unveiled in Washougal Furry Friends receives $21,825 toward new shelter Hathaway Elementary School hosts first back-to-school bash Woodland has plan for big band WOODLAND — Seventy-six trombones? Woodland High School’s pep band has one. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Intel touts PC, data center sales Quarter projections exceeded due to strong sales A laptop that uses Intel's sixth-generation Core chip, known as Skylake, at the Intel booth during CES International in Las Vegas. (Associated Press files) By Mike Rogoway, The Oregonian Published: October 18, 2016, 6:26 PM A   A PORTLAND — Intel reported its strongest quarterly growth in nearly five years Tuesday, with third-quarter sales that exceeded even an updated forecast the world’s largest chipmaker issued last month. PC and data center growth beat forecasts, according to financial results released Tuesday, but Intel forecasts slower growth in the fourth quarter. That sent shares down 3.4 percent in after-hours trading. Intel is in the midst of a broad transition, reducing its dependence on the fading PC market. The company hopes to replace that segment with an assortment of technologies including servers, memory chips, mobile devices and connected objects known as the “Internet of Things.” Intel began that transition last spring, announcing plans to eliminate 12,000 jobs. The shift has been smoother than anticipated because PC sales are holding up better than expected. Sales of PCs and other products in Intel’s “client” group climbed 5 percent last quarter. Sales to data centers climbed 10 percent — higher than in recent quarters, but below Intel’s long-term growth forecast of roughly 15 percent. “We’re executing well, and these results show Intel’s continuing transformation to a company that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected devices,” Intel chief executive Brian Krzanich said in a written statement. Financial highlights include: • Sales of $15.8 billion, up 9 percent from the same quarter last year. That’s Intel’s fastest growth since the fourth quarter of 2011. • Profits totaled $3.4 billion, up 9 percent from the same period last year. • Earnings per share were 69 cents, up from 64 cents a year earlier. Intel boosted its forecast for restructuring charges by $700 million, to $2.3 billion, in part because it is spinning out its McAfee online security business. Intel said it spent $1.8 billion of its restructuring budget thus far. Intel said its worldwide employment is now 106,000, down about 6,000 from the start of its restructuring last spring. The company had more than 19,000 Oregon employees before those cuts began. Intel shares have been trading near a multiyear high in recent weeks, and climbed another 46 cents Tuesday to close at $37.75. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2016 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
null
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Contact SFGate Customer Support Submissions & Tips Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants News Bay Area & State Education Traffic Nation World Politics Crime Election Results Obituaries Smell the Truth SF deals major blow to Airbnb with tough short-term rental law Graton casino’s $175 million hotel opens to the public Hundreds walk out of Stanford classes, demand ‘sanctuary Big Squaw Valley resort expansion gets the green light Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors 49ers: Source says Arik Armstead will be ready for offseason Zaza Pachulia making strides with Warriors Cal’s Sonny Dykes lives in no-red zone, not just Big Game week Colin Kaepernick’s play has improved recently Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Lyft replaces famous mustache with glowing Amp on dashboards PG&E plugs fast-rising executive Geisha Williams into CEO role Fake news hurts Google, Facebook; PayPal boycott woes Where finance and technology come together Entertainment The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events Puzzles TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do Delightful 1985 Japanese food movie ‘Tampopo’ is back in The latest from Dear Abby “Fantastic Beasts” embarks on a magical journey to the After years building trust, Sleigh Bells explore new sounds Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Commercial Dungeness crab season under way in the Bay Area Our favorite Dungeness crab recipes Oakland’s Ozumo to close Nov. 20 The Saratoga opens in the Tenderloin Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities 14 fresh ways to mix vintage style into a modern home Read a California student's letter to Donald Trump 9 of the weirdest classic Thanksgiving recipes The Chronicle has Baby animals are here to soothe your troubled mind Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Suite Spot: Chaminade Resort & Spa, Santa Cruz Insider: Guidebook author’s Santa Cruz favorites Rick Steves: Communicate even if you don’t know the lingo Stargazing in Lake County Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Prime location, fine style await at Cow Hollow trilevel Escape reality with this hexagonal home in the La Honda woods Hillsborough estate sees a $70 million cut from original listing Grand 1928 Tudor with solarium and bridge views asks $14 million Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car An Artfully Performing SUV 1955 Beardmore Taxi A mid-size fuel saving hybrid without a plug Nurse finds adventure in ’66 Porsche Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work How to Ace a 30-Minute Interview Know why you need to develop self-awareness Shape up your resume to open more doors of opportunity Know how to ace an executive interview Video Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Thomas Lee Matier & Ross C.W Nevius Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler The ultimate NorCal brewery map Top 100 Restaurants Warriors show their style off the court MenuSections http://www.businessinsider.com/intel-earnings-q3-2016-2016-10?utm_source=hearst&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=allverticals Intel slips after guidance miss (INTC) Eugene Kim, provided by Published 1:08 pm, Tuesday, October 18, 2016 Intel Intel just reported its third quarter earnings after the bell on Tuesday. It's a beat on earnings and revenue, but a miss on fourth quarter guidance. Investors aren't too impressed and Intel's stock is down ~3.5% in after hours. Here are the most important numbers: EPS (GAAP): $0.69 per share vs. $0.67 per share estimated EPS (non-GAAP): $0.80 per share vs. $0.72 per share estimated Revenue: $15.8 billion vs. $15.6 billion estimated (up 9% year-over-year) Intel reported record-high quarterly revenue, but gave fourth quarter revenue guidance of $15.7 billion, below analyst estimates of $15.86 billion. Intel's Client Computing Group, which includes its PC and mobile business, had revenue of $8.9 billion, up 5% year-over-year, while its data center business saw revenue of $4.5 billion, up 10% from a year-ago period. That 10% growth in the data center is a big jump from last quarter's 5% year-over-year growth, but still a bit disappointing given that the company's forecast to record "double-digit" growth for the full year, and would need to grow ~20% in the second half to get there. Intel also disclosed that the total restructuring cost would reach $2.3 billion in total. Earlier this year, Intel announced the biggest layoffs in history that would eliminate roughly 12,000 jobs.  This is the first earnings report for new CFO Bob Swan, who was hired last month to replace Stacy Smith. Swan was previously a partner at General Atlantic and eBay. Smith is now overseeing the company's sales, manufacturing and operations. You can read the full earnings report here>> Join the conversation about this story » NOW WATCH: Yellowstone is using 'thirsty' concrete that absorbs 50 gallons of water a minute See Also: The US smart home market has been struggling — here's how and why the market will take off A former investment banker has condensed an entire MBA into one online course A couple who has been together since 7th grade reveals the one tip that keeps their relationship strong SEE ALSO: Intel is paying over $23 million to bring in eBay's former CFO Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. MYSTERIOUS RUMBLING IN THE SOUTH BAY San Jose residents report phantom earthquake Latest News All lobbyists reportedly cut from Trump's transition team SF police union under fire over new use-of-force policy SF proposal limits pot gardens in industrial buildings Bannon accused of illegally accepting super PAC money Students solve Facebook's fake-news problem Hundreds walk out at Stanford, demand 'sanctuary campus' George W. Bush: 'Anger shouldn't drive policy' UC Berkeley protest after sex-harassment finding Commercial Dungeness crab season under way in Bay Area Recreational Dungeness crab season opens in California Our favorite Dungeness crab recipes Big Squaw Valley resort expansion gets the green light Sierra ski season opens at Mammoth Mountain Did you know? Trump owns part of iconic SF skyscraper Morford: Dear Trump voter, he despises you Photos of the Supermoon over the Bay Area and the world How the supermoon looked around the world Today's Gate Features Hacked 'Heil Trump' road sign appears In Hayes Valley Chinese think this poofy-headed bird looks like Trump Transamerica Pyramid: Once controversial, now beloved SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Amplify your daily productivity with Pagico 8 Task Manager This magnetic space putty is the ultmate stress buster and you... Most Popular 1 Medicare as we know it in jeopardy if Trump supports Paul... 2 Mayor in West Virginia resigns after racist Obama post 3 California Senator Barbara Boxer files bill that aims to... 4 Man held on psych evaluation, accused of grabbing nanny,... 5 San Jose residents report earthquake, but USGS says there... 6 Bay Area locals flood social media with images of the... 7 Chili's removes manager who took away vet's meal 8 Millbrae resident charged with hate crime in attack on Latino man 9 Report: Colin Kaepernick has never registered to vote 10 Donald Trump has changed his mind on these 7 campaign promises Latest News All lobbyists reportedly cut from Trump's transition team SF police union under fire over new use-of-force policy SF proposal limits pot gardens in industrial buildings Bannon accused of illegally accepting super PAC money Students solve Facebook's fake-news problem Hundreds walk out at Stanford, demand 'sanctuary campus' George W. Bush: 'Anger shouldn't drive policy' UC Berkeley protest after sex-harassment finding View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Member Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Zur Suche gehen. Neuer Nutzer? Registrieren Anmelden Hilfe Yahoo zur Startseite machen Mail Yahoo Yahoo Deutschland Finanzen Suche Web-Suche Home Währungsrechner IBAN-Rechner Blogs Bildergalerien Videos Finanzlexikon RSS Jobsuche Währungsrechner Nachrichten Kurse & Märkte Home Devisen Aktien/Indizes Fonds Rohstoffe Meine Portfolios Melden Sie sich an, um Ihre Portfolios aufzurufen Finanztipps Home Steuern Versicherungen Recht Banken Verbrauchertipps Home Klüger kaufen Haus & Garten Karriere Home News Jobsuche Tipps Bewerbung Home Wirtschaft & Politik Unternehmen Börse Nach Themen Nach Aktienkursen suchen Tipp: Mehrere Kurse mit einem Komma (,) voneinander trennen. Weitere Informationen... Mi., 16. Nov 2016, 08:22 MEZ - Deutsche Märkte öffnen in 38 Minuten. Intel keeps lowering the bar on the business it's bet its future onVon Eugene Kim | Business Insider – Mi., 19. Okt 2016 01:19 MESZ Freigeben 0 Twittern 0 Share0 Drucken Firmen: Intel Corporation AKTUELLER KURS Symbol Kurs Veränderung INTC 34,91 +0,43 (Intel CEO Brian KrzanichIntel) With Intel's bread-and-butter PC business slowly evaporating, the chip company has restructured its operations and tied its future to the lucrative data center market.  But there's one big problem: Intel keeps missing its growth targets for the data center business. And Wall Street has noticed.  Intel's stock initially fell 3.5% after reporting third quarter results on Tuesday. After Intel executives opened their mouths during the conference call, the stock slid further, and is now down 6%.  During the call, Intel execs lowered the bar for the Data Center Group's growth this year to the "high-single digits." The data center group is Intel's most important business, accounting for nearly half of the company's operating profit.  With 90% market share, Intel is in a strong position in the data center market. But the company is struggling to build upon that strength and is instead seeing its growth slow. Throughout the year, Intel has stepped down its datacenter expectations from "15%" to "mid-teens" to "double digits" — and now it's saying it'll come in at "high-single digits" for the full year. "It’s a problem. Intel has hit its growth target for Data Center Group only once in the last 6 years," Bernstein's Stacy Rasgon told Business Insider. Cannibalization problem? Intel's data center business recorded $4.5 billion in revenue in the third quarter, up 10% year-over-year (it only grew 5% and 9% in the past two quarters, respectively). Krzanich noted that the data center business saw strong growth in most areas, including the cloud and networking units, but it was offset by the decline in the enterprise segment. "The enterprise market hasn’t shored up there," Krzanich said. "But don’t take this as I’m saying [enterprise] is going to be a growth segment...we should see some level of stabilization or less of a decline." Bernstein's Rasgon says it's a concern that the enterprise is not seeing enough growth. The cloud segment is growing fast, but that likely means it's doing so at the expense of eating into the enterprise's business. "A portion of cloud growth is enterprises outsourcing their datacenter workloads to the cloud, therefore there is an open question of whether strong cloud growth and weak enterprise are independent trends or coupled," Rasgon said. NOW WATCH: Former Navy SEAL Jesse Ventura says 'American Sniper' Chris Kyle shouldn't be remembered as a hero More From Business Insider Intel slips after guidance miss Twilio tried to calm investors with a strong earnings forecast, but the stock is sliding anyway The 23 best big cloud companies to work for, according to employees TRADING PLATFORM Jetzt handeln Leistungsstarke Handelsplattform von einem Marktführer. Verluste können Ihre Einlagen übersteigen. … Mehr » Top News Die Stunde Null: Wie Präsident Trump die Spielregeln der Wirtschaftswelt verändertYahoo Finanzen Lufthansa und ihre Piloten kommen nicht zusammendpa Anzeige  China will Stahlproduktion verringerndpa Banker: Frankfurt sollte vom Brexit profitierendpa Wie gewonnen, so zerronnenHandelsblatt Personal finance WISO: Warum billiges Fleisch lebensgefährlich sein kannYahoo Finanzen Vermögenswirksame Leistungen richtig nutzenYahoo Finanzen Anzeige  Krankfeiern, aber bitte richtig! Das sind die Rechte und Pflichte der ArbeitnehmerYahoo Finanzen Gute Beziehung zwischen Chef und Team erhöht die Leistungdpa Privates Handy am Arbeitsplatz nutzen - Was erlaubt istdpa Yahoo Finanzen Home Währungsrechner Nachrichten Kurse & Märkte Meine Portfolios Finanztipps Verbrauchertipps Karriere Yahoo Services Autos Clever Horoskop Kino Lifestyle Nachrichten omg! Reisen Spiele Sport TV Video Alle Yahoo Seiten » Hilfe / Vorschläge Datenschutz AGB Impressum Kurse werden bei Verfügbarkeit für NASDAQ, NYSE und NYSEAmex in Echtzeit angezeigt. Siehe auch Zeitverzögerungen für andere Börsen. Kurse und Informationen, die durch unabhängige Anbieter auf der Partnerseite von Yahoo! Finanzen bereitgestellt wurden. Die Kurse werden automatisch aktualisiert und nach 25 Minuten ohne Aktivität ausgeschaltet. Die Kurse werden mit einer Verspätung von mindestens 15 Minuten angezeigt. Alle Angaben sind ohne Gewähr, dienen lediglich der Information und sind nicht für Handelszwecke oder als Empfehlung gedacht. Weder Yahoo! noch einer der unabhängigen Anbieter können für Richtigkeit, Vollständigkeit oder Verspätungen sowie Handlungen, die durch die Nutzung der hier enthaltenen Informationen vorgenommen wurden, haftbar gemacht werden. Durch Ihren Besuch der Website von Yahoo! erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, die darauf enthaltenen Informationen nicht weiterzugeben. Fundamentale Firmendaten werden von Capital IQ bereitgestellt. Historische Chart-Daten und tägliche Aktualisierungen werden von Commodity Systems Inc. (CSI) bereitgestellt. Internationale historische Chart-Daten und tägliche Aktualisierungen werden von Morningstar, Inc. bereitgestellt. Yahoo! - News Network
Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Intel keeps lowering the bar on the business it's bet its future on Eugene Kim Oct. 18, 2016, 7:19 PM 5,014 facebook linkedin twitter email print Intel CEO Brian KrzanichIntel With Intel's bread-and-butter PC business slowly evaporating, the chip company has restructured its operations and tied its future to the lucrative data center market.  But there's one big problem: Intel keeps missing its growth targets for the data center business. And Wall Street has noticed.  Intel's stock initially fell 3.5% after reporting third quarter results on Tuesday. After Intel executives opened their mouths during the conference call, the stock slid further, and is now down 6%.  During the call, Intel execs lowered the bar for the Data Center Group's growth this year to the "high-single digits." The data center group is Intel's most important business, accounting for nearly half of the company's operating profit.  With 90% market share, Intel is in a strong position in the data center market. But the company is struggling to build upon that strength and is instead seeing its growth slow. Throughout the year, Intel has stepped down its datacenter expectations from "15%" to "mid-teens" to "double digits" — and now it's saying it'll come in at "high-single digits" for the full year. "It’s a problem. Intel has hit its growth target for Data Center Group only once in the last 6 years," Bernstein's Stacy Rasgon told Business Insider. Cannibalization problem? Intel's data center business recorded $4.5 billion in revenue in the third quarter, up 10% year-over-year (it only grew 5% and 9% in the past two quarters, respectively). Krzanich noted that the data center business saw strong growth in most areas, including the cloud and networking units, but it was offset by the decline in the enterprise segment. "The enterprise market hasn’t shored up there," Krzanich said. "But don’t take this as I’m saying [enterprise] is going to be a growth segment...we should see some level of stabilization or less of a decline." Bernstein's Rasgon says it's a concern that the enterprise is not seeing enough growth. The cloud segment is growing fast, but that likely means it's doing so at the expense of eating into the enterprise's business. "A portion of cloud growth is enterprises outsourcing their datacenter workloads to the cloud, therefore there is an open question of whether strong cloud growth and weak enterprise are independent trends or coupled," Rasgon said. SEE ALSO: Intel slips after guidance miss NOW WATCH: It’s surreal to watch this 2011 video of Obama and Seth Meyers taunting Trump about a presidential run Loading video... More: Intel Brian Krzanich Data Centers Cloud Computing facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Intel keeps lowering the bar on the business it's bet its future on Intel keeps lowering the bar on the business it's bet its future on With Intel's bread-and-butter PC business... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Enterprise Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Enterprise Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Home Mail News Sport Finance Celebrity Style Weather Answers Flickr Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us UK Yahoo Originals World Finance Sport Motoring Science & Tech Celebrity TV Movies Style Weather News Video Viral Intel's results beat estimates; forecast disappoints By Rishika Sadam and Nayyar Rasheed18 October 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos The logo of Intel, the world's largest chipmaker is seen at their offices in Jerusalem, April 20, 2016. REUTERS/Ronen Zvulun/File PhotoMore By Rishika Sadam and Nayyar Rasheed (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported better-than-expected quarterly earnings and revenue, boosted by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses, but its revenue forecast for the current quarter disappointed Wall Street. The world's largest chipmaker's shares were down 5.3 percent at $35.75 in after-hours trading on Tuesday. Intel said it expects fourth-quarter revenue of $15.7 billion(£12.76 billion), plus or minus $500 million. Analysts on average were expecting $15.86 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "This is below the average seasonal increase for the fourth quarter as we expect the worldwide PC supply chain to reduce their inventory," Executive Vice President Stacy Smith said on a conference call with analysts. Last month, Intel raised its third-quarter revenue forecast for the first time in more than two years, citing improving PC demand. The company's decision to raise third-quarter forecast moved investors' expectations to a higher level, Stifel Nicolaus analyst Kevin Cassidy said. Revenue from the data centre business, which offers storage and cloud-based software services, rose 9.7 percent to $4.54 billion in the third quarter, from a year earlier. Revenue growth from this unit for the full year will likely be in the high single digits, Intel Chief Executive Brian Krzanich said on the call. Demand for cloud-based services has been growing as more businesses shift to cloud-computing methods. Intel, which has been hurt due to weak PC demand, said last month it was seeing signs of improvement among PC parts suppliers. According to research firm IDC, global PC shipments fell by a smaller-than-expected 3.9 percent in the third quarter. (http://bit.ly/2dIkLfi) Revenue from the company's traditional PC business, which still accounts for over half of Intel's total revenue, rose 4.5 percent to $8.89 billion. Excluding items, the company earned 80 cents per share, above analysts' average estimate of 73 cents. The company's net revenue rose 9.1 percent to $15.78 billion, beating the average analyst estimate of $15.58 billion. Net income rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct. 1, from $3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. (http://bit.ly/2eeVLzW) Up to Tuesday's close, Intel's shares had risen 9.6 percent this year, lagging the 22.8 percent gain in the broader Philadelphia semiconductor index. (Reporting by Rishika Sadam and Nayyar Rasheed in Bengaluru. Additional reporting by Narottam Medhora; Editing by Maju Samuel) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Intel announces $250 million for autonomous driving tech TechCrunch Did MH370 really disappear due to heroic pilot 'steering plane away from populated areas'? Yahoo News UK Twins born during Daylight Saving creates amusing age riddle Yahoo Canada Style Young tax disc tycoon makes £2 MILLION on property deal... aged just 14! Yahoo Finance UK Ousting Dennis risks deals worth £160m, McLaren bosses warn Sky News Japan fixes massive sinkhole just days after it appeared Press Association video Rare Supermoon: Stunning photos from across the globe capture lunar phenomenon Shocking Mugshot Shows Former Football Star's Fall From Grace After Drugs Arrest Inside Edition Val Kilmer struggles to speak in first public appearance since denying Michael Douglas cancer claim SNAPPA Celebrity The picture that shows just how shocking Vardy's horror tackle was on Azpilcueta Sporting News US, Europe markets rise on rosy economic data AFP First Lady Michelle Obama urged to 'run for president' Press Association video The incredible winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography awards Why you should never go to bed with wet hair (it's not because you'll catch a cold) Yahoo Style UK Japanese workers fixed that 30-metre sinkhole in a city centre in just two DAYS Yahoo News UK Jessica Biel backflipped in a bathing suit to celebrate an Insta milestone, and, dang! Hello Giggles Oil prices extend rally, shrug off U.S. stock build Reuters America's Richest Presidents Yahoo UK Originals These are the world's best airlines, based on safety and comfort Football: Punter wins more than £200k on 25p bet 90Min England throw away two-goal lead at Wembley Yahoo Sport UK Mortgage affordability 'at historic low' say lenders Sky News Boy, 4, slips over while bowling, you won't believe what happens next... Newsflare In pictures: Killer 7.8-magnitude earthquake rocks New Zealand Prudential's fund arms to use BlackRock's Aladdin platform Reuters 5 scientific signs climate change is already happening Yahoo UK Originals These are the best countries for freedom of speech Help Privacy Suggestions About our ads Terms By using Yahoo you agree that Yahoo and partners may use Cookies for personalisation and other purposes
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Fast Money Fast Money Halftime Report Video Halftime Portfolio Behind the Trade Poll Disclaimer Traders debate buying pullback in Intel after earnings Christine Wang | @christiiineeee Tuesday, 18 Oct 2016 | 6:32 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Trading earnings winners and losers: 5 plays</p> <p>The &quot;Fast Money&quot; traders give you 5 ways to play the earnings winners and losers.</p> Trading earnings winners and losers: 5 plays    Tuesday, 18 Oct 2016 | 5:00 PM ET | 02:15 The "Fast Money" traders debated whether to jump on a dip in Intel after the company gave current-quarter guidance that slightly missed Wall Street expectations. Trader Guy Adami said Intel slightly lowered its gross margins guidance, which he found "potentially concerning." Trader Pete Najarian said he would be a buyer of Intel shares, as the stock fell more than 5 percent in extended trading on Tuesday. Trader Brian Kelly said he's concerned about Nvidia, another semiconductor stock, and would be taking profits off the table in the company. He also said he would buy Intel. Disclosures: PETE NAJARIAN Long stock: AAPL, BAC, DIS, DISCA, GE, KMI, KMIA, KO, LUX, MRK, PEP, PFE CALLS: AAL, ABT, AMD, ATVI, BABA, BAC, BBY, BHI, BSX, CNX, COP, COTY, CRM, CS, CSCO, CXW, DAL, DISH, ECA, ETP, GM, GS, HAL, INTC, JBLU, JCP, KBE, KGC, KMI, KO, LLY, LOW, M, MOS, MRO, MRVL, MUR, NAV, NBR, P, RIO, SBUX, SLV, TMUS, TTS, TV, TWTR, VRX, WFT, WLL, XLF and puts: CLF, EEM, MBLY, WFC TIM SEYMOUR Tim Seymour is long ABX, APC, AVP, BAC, BBRY, CLF, DO, DVYE, EDC, EWZ, F, FB, FCX, FXI, GM, GOOGL, GE, INTC, LQD,MCD, MUR, OIH, PG, RACE, RAI, RH, RL, SINA, T, TWTR, VALE, VZ, XOM short: SPY, XRT. His firm is long ABX, BABA, BIDU, CBD, CLF, EWZ, F, KO, MCD, MPEL, NKE, PEP, PF, SAVE, SBUX, SINA, VALE, VIAB, WMT, WEN, X, YHOO, short EWG, HYG, IWM BRIAN KELLY Brian Kelly is long Bitcoin, SLV and Silver Futures, US Dollar UUP. He is short the euro and Japanese yen. GUY ADAMI Guy Adami is long CELG, EXAS, GDX, INTC. Adami's wife, Linda Snow, works at Merck. Christine WangNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change INTC --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Personal Finance Media & Advertising Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates Published October 18, 2016 Markets Reuters Facebook Twitter Print Intel Corp reported a better-than-expected 9.1 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by improving PC demand and growth in its data center and cloud businesses. Continue Reading Below The world's largest chipmaker said it expects fourth-quarter revenue to be $15.7 billion, plus or minus $500 million. Analysts on average were expecting revenue of $15.86 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Intel's shares were down 3.9 percent at $36.29 in after-hours trading on Tuesday. Revenue from the data center business, which offers storage and cloud-based software services, rose 9.7 percent to $4.54 billion in the third quarter, from a year earlier. Demand for cloud-based services has been growing as more businesses shift to cloud-computing methods. Revenue from the company's traditional PC business, which still accounts for over half of Intel's total revenue, rose 4.5 percent to $8.89 billion. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT According to research firm IDC, global PC shipments fell by a smaller-than-expected 3.9 percent in the third quarter. (http://bit.ly/2dIkLfi) Excluding items, the company earned 80 cents per share, above analysts' average estimate of 73 cents. The company's net revenue rose to $15.78 billion from $14.47 billion, beating the average analyst estimate of $15.58 billion. Net income rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct. 1, from $3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. (http://bit.ly/2eeVLzW) Up to Tuesday's close, Intel's shares had risen 9.6 percent this year, lagging the 22.8 percent gain in the broader Philadelphia semiconductor index . (Reporting by Narottam Medhora and Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel) Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. © 2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Nikkei ▲ 17862.21 1.10%   Hang Seng ▲ 22459.37 0.61%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -6/32 yield 2.244%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.98 0.37%   Yen ▲ 109.18 -0.02%   DJIA ▲ 18923.06 0.29%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Snapchat Files for $25 Billion IPO Supersonic Passenger Jet Edges Closer to Reality Wal-Mart Fights Employee Chat App October Internet Attack Targeted PlayStation Network, Researchers Say Fake Content Pressures Facebook, Google New Site Helps Outsiders Land Tech Jobs Intel Courts Autonomous-Car Makers China Consumer Group Reports Problems With iPhones Walgreens Claims Theranos Voided 11.3% of Test Reports Tech Stocks Miss Out on Trump Bump Amazon Sues Sellers for Offering Fake Goods on Its Site Chrysler Says ‘eHybrid’ Should Lower ‘Range Anxiety’ General Electric to Buy Two Tech Startups Japan Watches Samsung Chip Away at Its Car Makers Tencent Earnings: What to Watch China’s JD.com Explores Spinoff of Finance Unit Chinese Startup Backed by Ant Financial Plans U.S. IPO Nintendo’s ‘Super Mario Run’ App Will Cost $10 Google’s PhotoScan App Can Help Digitize Old Prints Lyft Sees Cash in Dashboard Flash Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Tech Intel’s Earnings Rise, but Sales Outlook Disappoints Shares slide after lackluster revenue forecast for year’s final quarter By Don Clark Don Clark The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyDon Clark @donal888 www.facebook.com/DonClark Don.Clark@wsj.com Updated Oct. 18, 2016 6:29 p.m. ET Intel Corp. reported an 8.7% rise in its third-quarter earnings, as a lengthy slide in the personal computer market reversed and cloud-computing companies stocked up on servers. The results came in ahead of Wall Street estimates and the increased revenue guidance that Intel issued last month. But the company’s estimate for revenue in the... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds Violent Protests Break Out in Athens as Obama Visits Can IBM Change Fast Enough? Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse Apple MacBook Pro Review: Living With Tradeoffs Most Popular Articles Donald Trump’s Transition Team Reshaped Yuan Slides to Lowest Level in Nearly Eight Years Opinion: A Clinton-Free Democratic Party House Democrats Pressure Pelosi Amid Party Turmoil Opinion: The ‘Excellent’ Electoral College Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search Intel Shares Fall 4% as Q4 Revenue Forecast Underwhelms October 18, 2016 4:31pm NASDAQ:INTC ShareTweet Technology giant Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) posted better-than-expected third quarter earnings results after the bell today, but its tepid Q4 revenue outlook sent shares lower in late trading. In its latest quarterly report, the Santa Clara-based company disclosed Q3 EPS of $0.80, easily surpassing expectations for $0.72. Revenue rose 9.1% from last year to $15.78 billion, also beating analyst estimates of $15.61 billion. Intel also noted that its adjusted gross margin in Q3 was 64.8%, up from 63.5% last year. Looking ahead, INTC forecast Q4 revenues of $15.2 to $16.2 billion, which could miss Wall Street’s view of $15.88 billion. The company also sees Q4 gross margins of 63%, plus or minus 2%. From the press release: “It was an outstanding quarter, and we set a number of new records across the business,” said Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO. “In addition to strong financials, we delivered exciting new technologies while continuing to align our people and products to our strategy. We’re executing well, and these results show Intel’s continuing transformation to a company that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected devices.” ETF investors will note that Intel is a huge component of the Market Vectors Semiconductor ETF, making up over 15% of the fund’s holdings. That means INTC has the potential to significantly affect the performance of SMH, should its share price move significantly in either direction. Intel shares fell $1.42 (-3.76%) to $36.33 in after-hours trading Tuesday. Prior to today’s report, INTC had gained 9.58% year-to-date, versus a 4.83% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 during the same period. Tags: Intel NASDAQ:INTC Semiconductor technology Categories: NASDAQ:INTC Read Next Intel Shares Jump 3% Following Raised Revenue Guidance These Three Big-Name Tech Stocks Now Yield Over 3% Lululemon Shares Fall 8% on Mixed Q2 Earnings, Tepid Q3 Forecast AT&T and Intel Team Up in Big Network Virtualization Deal Apple Shares Surge as Earnings, Revenue, and Forecast All Beat Estimates Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular The Biggest Post-Trump Winner So Far? DryShips Is Up 1600% Why Is Oil Bouncing By 3% Today? Technicals Suggest A Dow Pullback Could Be Brewing Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2016 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
12,590,575 members (65,489 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions SQL questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Third Party Products » Product Showcase » General   Article Alternatives Comments Add your own alternative version Tagged as CloudAzureIoT Stats 2.9K views 1 bookmarked Posted 18 Oct 2016 Connecting to Microsoft Azure with Node-RED Intel Corporation, 18 Oct 2016 CPOL This guide will walk you through adding the IoT Cloud repository to your Intel® IoT Gateway and adding support for Microsoft Azure so you can begin developing applications for this platform in your programming language of choice. Editorial Note This article is in the Product Showcase section for our sponsors at CodeProject. These articles are intended to provide you with information on products and services that we consider useful and of value to developers. Get access to the new Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution that allows developers to create exciting new solutions with the Intel® Galileo and Intel® Edison boards. Visit the Intel® Developer Zone for IoT. This guide will walk you through adding the IoT Cloud repository to your Intel® IoT Gateway and adding support for Microsoft Azure so you can begin developing applications for this platform in your programming language of choice. Prerequisites Intel® IoT Gateway Technology running IDP 3.1 or above with internet access A development device (e.g. laptop) on the same network as the Intel® IoT Gateway Terminal access to the Intel® IoT Gateway from your development device Microsoft Azure account: https://portal.azure.com/ Please see the following documentation for setting up your Intel® IoT Gateway: https://software.intel.com/en-us/node/633284 Adding the IoT Cloud repository to your Intel® IoT Gateway Access the console on your gateway either using a monitor and keyboard connected directly or SSH (recommended). Add the GPG key for the cloud repository using the following command: rpm --import http://iotdk.intel.com/misc/iot_pub.key On your development device (e.g. laptop) open a web browser and load the IoT Gateway Developer Hub interface by entering the IP address of your gateway in the address bar. Tip: You can find your gateway’s IP address using the ‘ifconfig’ command. Login to the IoT Gateway Developer Hub interface using your credentials. The default login and password are both root. Add the IoT Cloud repository Go to the Packages section and click the Add Repo + button. Populate the fields with the following information and click ‘Add Repository’: Name: IoT_Cloud URL: http://iotdk.intel.com/repos/iot-cloud/wrlinux7/rcpl13 Finally, click Update Repositories to update the package list. Adding Microsoft Azure support to your Intel® IoT Gateway Click Add Packages + to bring up the list of packages you can install. Search for cloud-azure using the search box at the top of the package window. Click the Install button next to the packagegroup-cloud-azure entry. Setting up an Azure IoT Hub In a browser, navigate to the Azure Portal at https://portal.azure.com and login to your Azure account. To create a new IoT Hub, click New in the top left of the Azure Portal. Choose Internet of Things > IoT Hub. Give your new IoT Hub a unique Name and select your Pricing and scale tier. In the Resource Group section, select Create New and type a unique name in the text field provided. From the Location drop-down list, select the location nearest to you. Click Create. It will take some time to deploy your new Resource Group and IoT Hub. Once the process is complete, a “Deployments succeeded” message displays. Once your new Resource Group has been created, navigate into it by selecting the Resource groups option in the left-hand panel and selecting the Resource Group you just created from the Resource Groups list. Select the IoT Hub you just created from the list and then click the Keys icon. Select iothubowner from the policy list and then click the Copy button next to the Connection string-primary key to copy your IoT Hub connection string to the clipboard. Create a new Azure IoT Device Tip: We recommended you use SSH to connect to your gateway or access the command line through the Intel Developer Hub interface to make copying connection strings easier. If you are accessing the command line of your gateway directly using a keyboard and mouse, you’ll need to manually enter the connection string in the next section! Enter the following in your gateway’s console to add it to your IoT Hub: iothub-explorer "[YOUR CONNECTION STRING]" create IntelIoTGateway --connection-string If adding the device is successful, you will get output similar to the above image. The device connection string identifies the device by name and includes a key that is only for that device. Copy the device connection string so you can use it in the next section. Connecting to Microsoft Azure with Node-RED After installing the Azure cloud package, you need to restart the Node-RED service so it can pick up the newly installed nodes. Run the following command from the gateway’s console: systemctl restart node-red-experience Load the Node-RED interface. Go to the Administration section of the IoT Gateway Developer Hub and click Launch under the Node-RED icon. Configure a Node-RED flow. Drag an inject, function and azureiothub node from the nodes panel on the left into the current flow (you may need to scroll down in the nodes panel to find these nodes). Arrange and connect the nodes as in the screenshot above. Here we have an inject node which will send a trigger at a specified interval to a function which will randomly generate a number to send to your Azure IoT Hub. First we need to configure the nodes. Double-click on the timestamp node to bring up the configuration dialogue. Change the settings so they match the screenshot above and click Ok when done. This will set the node to send a trigger every 5 seconds. Double-click on the function node to bring up the configuration dialog. Here we are going to add some simple code to generate a random number, which we can then send to our Azure IoT Hub. Note: Although this example uses a random number, you could just as easily modify the code to use a sensor reading instead. In the Function pane, enter the following code as in the screenshot above: msg.payload = Math.round(Math.random() * 100); Click Ok when done to close the configuration dialog. Double-click the Azure IoT Hub node to bring up the configuration dialogue. Paste the device connection string you copied earlier into the Connection String field and click Ok. Make sure you enter the device connection string and not the one for your IoT Hub! Now your flow is configured, hit the Deploy button in the top right of the screen to deploy the flow. If everything is working correctly, the status of the Azure IoT Hub node should change to “Connected”, then “Sent message”, as in the screenshot above. A message will be sent to your Azure IoT Hub every 5 seconds while the flow is running. If you navigate back to the Azure Portal and load your IoT Hub instance, you will see the message count in the Usage tile increasing over time. Monitoring device events (Optional) You can monitor devices in your IoT Hub using the b utility from the command line. There is also a Windows utility called Device Explorer if you prefer a visual application: https://github.com/Azure/azure-iot-sdks/blob/master/tools/DeviceExplorer/doc/how_to_use_device_explorer.md To monitor device events in the command line on your gateway, run the following: iothub-explorer "[YOUR IOT HUB CONNECTION STRING]" monitor-events [YOUR DEVICE NAME] If the Node-RED flow is deployed and running, you should see the random numbers being sent to Azure in the console output, similar to the screenshot below. License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Intel Corporation United States No Biography provided Group type: Organisation 3 members You may also be interested in... Pro How 5 Companies Maintain Optimal .NET Performance Pro The Hybrid Cloud Azure FAQ Part 1 10 Ways to Boost COBOL Application Development Developing with Node-RED Visual COBOL New Release: Small point. Big deal Comments and Discussions     -- There are no messages in this forum -- Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web01 | 2.8.161110.1 | Last Updated 18 Oct 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Intel Corporation Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2016 Layout: fixed | fluid
12,590,575 members (65,489 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions SQL questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Third Party Products » Product Showcase » General   Article Alternatives Comments (1) Add your own alternative version Tagged as ArduinoIoTvmware Stats 4.6K views Posted 18 Oct 2016 Bringing Up Arduino 101 (branded Genuino 101 outside the U.S.) on Ubuntu under VMware Intel Corporation, 18 Oct 2016 CPOL This guide demonstrates how to run the Arduino 101 platform on Ubuntu using a VMware Workstation. Editorial Note This article is in the Product Showcase section for our sponsors at CodeProject. These articles are intended to provide you with information on products and services that we consider useful and of value to developers. Get access to the new Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution that allows developers to create exciting new solutions with the Intel® Galileo and Intel® Edison boards. Visit the Intel® Developer Zone for IoT. Introduction The Arduino 101* (branded Genuino 101* outside the U.S.) is a learning and development platform that uses a low-power Intel® Curie™ module powered by the Intel® Quark™ SE microcontroller. The Intel® Quark™ SE microcontroller contains a single core 32 MHz x86 (Intel® Quark™ processor core) and the 32 MHz Argonaut RISC Core (ARC)* EM processor. The Arduino 101* platform runs on Windows, Macintosh OSX, and Linux operating systems. This guide demonstrates how to run the Arduino 101* platform on Ubuntu using a VMware* Workstation. The VMware* Workstation is a virtual machine that allows you to run applications from other OSes in Linux from the desktop. Hardware components The hardware components used in this project are listed below: Arduino 101* module A standard A plug to B plug USB cable Setting up VMware* workstation on Ubuntu* Go to the VMware website to download and install the latest VMware workstation player for Windows. Then go to the Ubuntu* website and download the latest version of Ubuntu Desktop. Open VMware and create a new virtual machine using the downloaded Ubuntu image. Development board download Visit https://www.arduino.cc/en/Main/Software to download the Arduino Software IDE version 1.6.7 or later for Linux. As of this writing, the latest Linux Arduino IDE version supported by Arduino 101 is arduino-1.6.11-linux64.tar.xz. Copy arduino-1.6.11-linux64.tar.xz to the Ubuntu folder in the VMWare environment. Set up the environment for Arduino 101* Untar arduino-1.6.11-linux64.tar.xz and install the Arduino IDE software. sudo apt-get update
tar -xvf arduino-1.6.9-linux64.tar.xz
sudo mv arduino-1.6.9 /opt
cd /opt/arduino-1.6.9
~/install.sh Bring up Arduino on Ubuntu* Connect the Arduino 101 platform to the virtual machine that is running the VMWare workstation. cd /opt/arduino-1.6.11
sudo ./arduino Figure 1: Bringing up the Arduino IDE* on the Ubuntu* command line Choose Tools > Board > Boards Manager to launch the board manager to install the Intel® Curie board. Figure 2: Launching the Boards Manager Figure 3: Installing Intel® Curie boards Choose Tools > Port and select the Arduino 101 port. Figure 4: Selecting the Arduino 101* port Choose Tools > Board and select the Arduino 101 board. Figure 5: Selecting the Arduino 101* board Choose File > Examples > Basics > Blink and open the blink sketch. Figure 6: Uploading the Blink sketch The LED on the Arduino 101 platform should now blink. Figure 7: Arduino 101* with LED Blinking Arduino 101* Libraries The Arduino 101* Libraries are a collection of code that provide extra functionality for sketches. They make it easy to connect to Bluetooth LE, sensors, and timers. To experiment with the built-in Arduino 101 libraries, visit https://www.arduino.cc/en/Guide/Libraries. The Arduino 101 libraries are based on the open source corelibs. If you are interested in experimenting the corelibs, visit 01.org’s GitHub*, but these are not required to use the Arduino 101 libraries. Summary We have described how to launch the Arduino 101 platform on Ubuntu in VMware. Experiment with the Arduino 101 libraries, Grov*e - Starter Kit Plus, more sensors and shields to enjoy the power of the Intel Curie module. Helpful References Intel® Developer Zone: https://software.intel.com/en-us/iot/home Arduino forum: http://forum.arduino.cc Intel® Curie module: https://software.intel.com/en-us/iot/hardware/curie http://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/wearables/wearable-soc.html http://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/wearables/intel-curie-fact-sheet.html Arduino 101* hardware: https://www.arduino.cc/en/Main/ArduinoBoard101 https://www.arduino.cc/en/Guide/Arduino101 Grove* Starter Kit Plus: https://software.intel.com/en-us/iot/hardware/devkit Order Arduino 101* platform: http://www.intel.com/buy/us/en/product/emergingtechnologies/intel-arduino-101-497161 About the author Nancy Le is a software engineer at Intel Corporation in the Software and Services Group working on Intel® Atom™ processor scale-enabling projects. License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Intel Corporation United States No Biography provided Group type: Organisation 3 members You may also be interested in... Fun with the Arduino 101 - Genuino 101 Mobile Messaging with Twilio TypeScript - 101 : The Basics SAPrefs - Netscape-like Preferences Dialog Smarter Security Camera: A POC Using the Intel® IoT Gateway Generate and add keyword variations using AdWords API Comments and Discussions   First Prev Next Nice soumianegafa4-Nov-16 15:36 soumianegafa 4-Nov-16 15:36  Good ! Last Visit: 31-Dec-99 19:00     Last Update: 15-Nov-16 16:22 Refresh 1 General    News    Suggestion    Question    Bug    Answer    Joke    Praise    Rant    Admin    Use Ctrl+Left/Right to switch messages, Ctrl+Up/Down to switch threads, Ctrl+Shift+Left/Right to switch pages. Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web01 | 2.8.161110.1 | Last Updated 18 Oct 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Intel Corporation Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2016 Layout: fixed | fluid
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Intel's results beat estimates; forecast disappoints By Reuters Published: 18:44 EST, 18 October 2016 | Updated: 18:44 EST, 18 October 2016 e-mail By Rishika Sadam and Nayyar Rasheed Oct 18 (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported better-than-expected quarterly earnings and revenue, boosted by improving PC demand and growth in its data center and cloud businesses, but its revenue forecast for the current quarter disappointed Wall Street. The world's largest chipmaker's shares were down 5.3 percent at $35.75 in after-hours trading on Tuesday. Intel said it expects fourth-quarter revenue of $15.7 billion, plus or minus $500 million. Analysts on average were expecting $15.86 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "This is below the average seasonal increase for the fourth quarter as we expect the worldwide PC supply chain to reduce their inventory," Executive Vice President Stacy Smith said on a conference call with analysts. Last month, Intel raised its third-quarter revenue forecast for the first time in more than two years, citing improving PC demand. The company's decision to raise third-quarter forecast moved investors' expectations to a higher level, Stifel Nicolaus analyst Kevin Cassidy said. Revenue from the data center business, which offers storage and cloud-based software services, rose 9.7 percent to $4.54 billion in the third quarter, from a year earlier. Revenue growth from this unit for the full year will likely be in the high single digits, Intel Chief Executive Brian Krzanich said on the call. Demand for cloud-based services has been growing as more businesses shift to cloud-computing methods. Intel, which has been hurt due to weak PC demand, said last month it was seeing signs of improvement among PC parts suppliers. According to research firm IDC, global PC shipments fell by a smaller-than-expected 3.9 percent in the third quarter. (http://bit.ly/2dIkLfi) Revenue from the company's traditional PC business, which still accounts for over half of Intel's total revenue, rose 4.5 percent to $8.89 billion. Excluding items, the company earned 80 cents per share, above analysts' average estimate of 73 cents. The company's net revenue rose 9.1 percent to $15.78 billion, beating the average analyst estimate of $15.58 billion. Net income rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct. 1, from $3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. (http://bit.ly/2eeVLzW) Up to Tuesday's close, Intel's shares had risen 9.6 percent this year, lagging the 22.8 percent gain in the broader Philadelphia semiconductor index. (Reporting by Rishika Sadam and Nayyar Rasheed in Bengaluru. Additional reporting by Narottam Medhora; Editing by Maju Samuel) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED 'You need to be there in one hour!' Justin Bieber 'invites six girls to his hotel suite' after placing social media request for female company in Prague 'There's certainly no love lost between them': Laura Whitmore and Giovanni Pernice 'embroiled in backstage feud' before tearful elimination from Strictly Come Dancing My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Fifi Geldof flogs her used make-up online for £2: PR assistant uses website to sell more than 100 items including lipsticks and eyeliners Flogging accessories online via Depop Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'Neither is willing to betray anything intimate': Michael Fassbender and girlfriend Alicia Vikander have agreement not to discuss relationship Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway 'Turn haters into motivators!': Khloe Kardashian whips fans into shape in trailer for new TV series Revenge Body Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  'I think we'd be great together!' Billy Bob Thornton wants to work with ex-wife Angelina Jolie's estranged husband Brad Pitt  Told Playboy he even has a role in mind  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in magical gown at Fantastic Beasts premiere... but is her dress silver or gold? Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Move over Miley! Little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first single Make Me (Cry) Her turn to make her mark on music industry Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt LondonCo-founder Of DeepMind, Mustafa Suleyman, To Speak At Disrupt London Save £250 On Tickets Now Intel Intel announces $250 million for autonomous driving tech How drones will reshape the enterprise Inside Intel’s race to build a new reality Browse more... Intel raises restructuring charge to $2.3B as it faces more challenges ahead Posted Oct 18, 2016 by Ingrid Lunden (@ingridlunden) 0 SHARES Next Story Yahoo’s business tale comes to a totally anticlimactic end Intel today reported its Q3 earnings, and while the company beat estimates on both revenues and earnings, it also said that it would be raising its restructuring charges to an eye-watering $2.3 billion, as it continues to shift its business away from PC processors and into chips for the next generation of computing in devices like drones and self-driving cars. It also provided a forecast for the next quarter that it said was lower than average for the company. The semiconductor giant reported revenues of $15.8 billion on non-GAAP earnings per share of 80 cents. Both numbers exceeded analysts’ average estimates of $15.58 billion in sales and EPS of 72 cents. “It was an outstanding quarter, and we set a number of new records across the business,” said Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO, in a statement. “In addition to strong financials, we delivered exciting new technologies while continuing to align our people and products to our strategy. We’re executing well, and these results show Intel’s continuing transformation to a company that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected devices.” That may be the case, but Intel also noted that restructuring would be higher than it had originally projected last quarter. “Total Restructuring and Other charges”, Intel said, are now expected to be $2.3 billion, with the “majority of the remaining charges to be realized between now and the middle of 2017.” Some $1.8 billion has been cut to-date with another $250 million going in Q4. And the pressure will continue to pile on Intel as the year wears on. A letter from CFO Stacey Smith notes that the forecast for Q4 is for revenues of $15.7 billion, “flat to the third quarter” and “lower than the average seasonal increase for the fourth quarter.” Among Intel’s existing divisions, in September it announced that it would be spinning out its McAfee security group in a partnership with TPG. And although the company is building new lines of business, the bulk is still coming from its older and traditional lines: • Client Computing Group revenue of $8.9 billion, up 21 percent sequentially and up 5 percent year-over-year • Data Center Group posted revenue of $4.5 billion, up 13 percent sequentially and up 10 percent year-over-year Meanwhile, newer areas are significantly smaller. For example, the Internet of Things Group posted revenue of $689 million, up 20 percent sequentially and up 19 percent year-over-year. Featured Image: Sean Gallup / Staff/Getty Images 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Intel Founded 1968 Overview Intel designs, manufactures, and sells integrated digital technology platforms worldwide. The company operates through PC client, data center, Internet of Things, mobile and communications groups; software and services; and all other segments. Its platforms are used in various computing applications comprising notebooks, desktops, servers, tablets, smartphones, wireless and wired connectivity products, … Location Santa Clara, CA Categories Semiconductor, Hardware, Software, Manufacturing Website http://www.intel.com/ Full profile for Intel Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Facebook's Fake News Problem | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Intel Popular Posts Featured Stories June Intelligent Oven Review VIDEO | 4:50 | Reviews This is why Snapchat didn’t give Spectacles to techies 7 hours ago | Josh Constine Chinese scientists CRISPR a human for the first time 8 hours ago | Sarah Buhr Snapchat has reportedly filed confidentially for its massive IPO 10 hours ago | Matthew Lynley DJI’s Inspire 2 gets a second camera for first-person video feeds 11 hours ago | Brian Heater Latest From TechCrunch Samsung’s latest acquisition could pave the way for its own iMessage-type service 13 minutes ago | Jon Russell Former Twitter India head joins Times Internet to lead its global partnerships business 33 minutes ago | Jon Russell “Anti-smartphone” Light Phone runs into delays 2 hours ago | Haje Jan Kamps Crunch Report | Facebook’s Fake News Problem 2 hours ago | Khaled "Tito" Hamze Comment moderation powered by Up Next Yahoo’s business tale comes to a totally anticlimactic end Posted Oct 18, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Director, Software Security @ Practice Fusion at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Developer at CastleBranch (Wilmington, NC, United States) Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular This is why Snapchat didn’t give Spectacles to techies 7 hours ago by Josh Constine Snapchat has reportedly filed confidentially for its massive IPO 10 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Chinese scientists CRISPR a human for the first time 8 hours ago by Sarah Buhr Happy 20th birthday, ICQ! 7 hours ago by Devin Coldewey Google’s AI Experiments help you understand neural networks by playing with them 9 hours ago by Devin Coldewey WhatsApp launches video calling for everyone yesterday by Josh Constine, Sarah Perez Budget US Android smartphones found secretly sending personal data to China 12 hours ago by Natasha Lomas “Anti-smartphone” Light Phone runs into delays 2 hours ago by Haje Jan Kamps
null
null
Celebrity News Photos Culture Style Video Store Celebrity News Flashback Health Kids Legal Matters Links Relationships Royalty Skin Wealth Photos Bikini Red Carpet Shirtless Sightings Culture Art Books Events Food Drinks Music Social Media Sports Theater TV & Film Style Beauty Fashion Models Red Carpet Shopping Video Store Share < br />this article: Michael Phelps and Jim Parsons Recreate the ‘Phelps Face’ for Intel Miu von Furstenberg | October 18, 2016 - 7:00 am Share < br />this article: View the Gallery 13 Photos Michael Phelps’ Death Stare at Chad le Cos Takes Over the Internet MORE >> Michael Phelps and Jim Parsons have recreated the “Phelps Face” (the grimace seen around the world’ that was made famous during the Rio Games) for a new campaign with Intel. This marks Phelps’ first post-Rio brand collaboration. Continuing Intel’s commitment to reinventing the sports experience for athletes and fans alike, the brand announced its latest campaign featuring former-Olympian Michael Phelps showcasing the better experiences found on Intel-powered PCs. Michael Phelps For GQ Italia 9 Photos » The partnership is a natural fit for both Michael and Intel given that the new Intel-based PCs are fast and powerful, much like the swimmer himself. The first TV spot of the campaign is called “Faster Processing,” and shows Michael, one of the world’s fastest swimmers, using an old and outdated PC. In addition to Phelps, The Big Bang Theory star Jim Parsons is featured in the ad encouraging Michael to upgrade and points out the irony. The commercials and campaign went live yesterday (Oct. 17, 2016). Michael Phelps’ Rio Olympics 200 Meters Individual Medley Win 7 Photos » Share < br />this article: Tags: Intel, Jim Parsons, Michael Phelps, Shirtless 0 Recommended for you Cristiano Ronaldo Does the Mannequin Challenge in His Underwear Instagram 7: Luke Hemsworth, Adam Levine, Louis Tomlinson and More Renan Corbani – Male Model Monday Instagram 7: Pietro Boselli, Jeremy Renner, Maluma and More Mark-Paul Gosselaar Strips Naked for ‘Pitch’ Chris Hemsworth Is Shirtless and Running on the Beach Place code above your closing tag The Latest News All » Bella Hadid’s Biggest Body Insecurity and More News in Six Clicks Ashley Graham, Ariel Winter, Zendaya and More Come Together at the Glamour’s Women of the Year Live Summit Eddie Redmayne Talks ‘Fantastic Beasts’ Dwayne Johnson Talks a Future in Politics, Including Potential White House Run Cristiano Ronaldo Does the Mannequin Challenge in His Underwear Latest Pics All » Instagram 7: Chris Hemsworth, Maluna, Matt McGorry and More Instagram 7: Luke Hemsworth, Adam Levine, Louis Tomlinson and More Renan Corbani – Male Model Monday Instagram 7: Pietro Boselli, Jeremy Renner, Maluma and More Kristen Stewart Reflects on Her ’Twilight’ Years Socialite Life is part of Unimpressed Media, LLC. and the Mediavine Publisher Network About Socialite Life Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright
Toggle navigation Products All Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution Disclosure and Regulatory Filing IR/PR Newsroom Hosting (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Solutions All Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom Contact Us Sign In to Services Blog About Us About Marketwired Media Partners Marketwired News Community Builders Full site Salles des nouvelles Plus sur nous Produits Solutions Ressources Contactez Nous Se connecter Version complète du site ROHM's New BD2670MWV Power Management IC News Room SOURCE: ROHM Semiconductor October 18, 2016 11:00 ET ROHM's New Power Management IC Optimized for Intel's Next-Generation Apollo Lake Chip Architecture Contributes to Smaller, Thinner, Lower Power Designs for Cloudbooks and 2-in-1 Tablets KYOTO, JAPAN and SANTA CLARA, CA--(Marketwired - October 18, 2016) - ROHM has recently announced the availability of a power management IC (PMIC) developed for the latest announced Intel® processor (code named Apollo Lake) designed for 2-in-1 tablets and cloud books where reduced power consumption and a thinner, smaller form factor are increasingly demanded. The BD2670MWV provides all power supplies required by Apollo Lake platforms while contributing to lower power consumption. It is offered in an ultra-compact UQFN68AV8080 package (8.0x8.0mm, t=1.0mm) that reduces the number of components by 38% and mounting area by 33% over conventional discrete configurations. In addition, a Power Control Logic function is built in that makes it possible to control and analyze the internal PMIC conditions and access the register through an I2C interface, contributing to safer designs. To date, ROHM has supplied a wide variety of PMICs for a range of applications utilizing industry-leading analog design technology. In addition, ROHM has established 11 design centers all over the world to provide superior customer support, and going forward ROHM will continue to leverage proprietary technologies and expertise to develop high-performance products and solutions that contribute to greater energy savings and safety. "We have established a joint development system to provide PMIC solutions designed for a variety of applications, from car infotainment to notebook PCs and tablets. This latest PMIC features a power supply configuration optimized for the next-generation Intel processor architecture for use in cloudbooks and 2-in-1 tablets. And the compact package is expected to contribute to even smaller, thinner form factors," said Hisaki Ishida, General Manager of the Reference Marketing Strategy at ROHM. Key Features 1. All power supplies required by Intel's Apollo Lake architecture integrated into an ultra-compact monolithic form factor In addition to market-leading analog design technology, ROHM leverages expertise in supplying PMICs optimized for previous Intel® processors to develop an ultra-compact monolithic PMIC that incorporates all power supplies required for Intel's latest architecture platform, Apollo Lake. In addition, the highly integrated design requires 38% fewer components than conventional discrete solutions, decreasing mounting area by 33%. A power supply sequencer optimized for the Apollo Lake platform is also built in that reduces design load considerably. 2. Built-in Power Control Logic function enables analysis and control of the internal PMIC In order to prevent CPU malfunction a logic circuit is required to detect abnormalities and store information in the register when the voltage output from the PMIC becomes irregular. ROHM's newest ultra-compact (8mmx8mm) PMIC includes a Power Control Logic circuit that monitors and controls internal PMIC operation and can access the register via I2C interface, ensuring stable voltage supply. *Intel is a registered trademark of Intel Corporation in the US and other countries. **Product names and logos of other companies are generally the trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies. About ROHM Semiconductor ROHM Semiconductor is an industry leader in system LSI, discrete components and module products, utilizing the latest in semiconductor technology. ROHM's proprietary production system, which includes some of the most advanced automation technology, is a major factor in keeping it at the forefront of the electronic component manufacturing industry. In addition to its development of electronic components, ROHM has also developed its own production system so that it can focus on specific aspects of customized product development. ROHM employs highly skilled engineers with expertise in all aspects of design, development and production. This allows ROHM the flexibility to take on a wide range of applications and projects and the capability to serve valuable clients in the automotive, telecommunication and computer sectors, as well as consumer OEMs. Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2016/9/23/11G115501/Images/mw1atcima8ifgu1ck45vinbg1diq2-722d7879816caf7bbcc62ec67dca7484.jpg Contact Information Jayme Pontious jpontious@rohmsemiconductor.com   View Desktop Version Pour voir la version complète

HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Pro Analysis Start Over| ‹ Chanos says Valeant was biggest loser ever for hedge funds Buffett’s love for moats trumps fear of flying Strategist Paulsen: Here's what to own during surging yields Top analyst: Sell FedEx 10 most important stories Top analyst: Buy Flir Systems Facebook faces fake news Trump rally into year end: DB Buy cyclical stocks: Goldman Citi: Buy retail on Trump Buy Lockheed on Trump 10 most important stories Buy Citigroup: Morgan Stanley Investment setup week ahead Goldman's tax reform plays Buy gold on Trump, HSBC says Insurers to benefit from Trump: Credit Suisse Street's top Trump trades Silicon Valley's Trump problem Goldman's Trump reflation play Go long a 'Toned down' Trump Bank of America: Buy IBM JPMorgan: S&P to gain on Trump 10 most important stories Sectors for Republican sweeps Wall Street's top Trump trades Market getting ahead of Trump Tom Lee sees year-end rally Goldman on Trump: Buy banks Market plunge coming: BofAML 10 most important stories Buy health care stocks: DB Disney ratings concerns McDonald: Sell Clinton rally Meeks: Trump rally to fade Deutsche downgrades Bank of America RBC's playbook for the election 10 most important stories Sell Best Buy, Evercore ISI says Buy utilities: Deutsche Bank Sell consumer stocks: Firm Buy Scotts on marijuana votes Goldman's inflation strategy Investment setup week ahead Sell Whole Foods: BofA HSBC downgrades Teva Stocks for a Republican sweep 10 most important stories JPMorgan: Buy Newmont Facebook has peaked: Analyst Buy Facebook dip: Evercore Credit Suisse: Buy banks Chart experts' worry about S&P 10 most important stories Time Warner's hurdles Trump hedge ideas Credit Suisse: Buy Square Buy Nvidia, Citi says Put-call ratio rising on Trump Buy FedEx, Deutsche Bank says 10 most important stories Goldman's innovators strategy What works during VIX spike Gun sales looking up: Analyst Trump upset chances increase JPMorgan: Buy iPhone supplier Buy Yum China: Morgan Stanley Chevron to rally 24%: Analyst China iPhone 7 demand weak 10 most important stories 5 ETFs ready to rip or dip Breakingviews on GE deal Strategist: Buy stocks M&A boom not good for returns Goldman's earnings strategy JPMorgan likes airline stocks Home Depot downgraded Nike cut to sell Goldman downgrades Exxon Mobil 10 most important stories U.S casts vote for free trade Deutsche: Twitter has bottomed 5 earnings trades Rising wages impacting stocks Stifel: Buy Lions Gate EA downgraded by Cowen 10 most important stories Top chip analyst on Qualcomm Sell Tesla, JPMorgan says Analyst: 'Chase' F5 Newtorks Buy VMware, Citi says 10 most important stories Navellier buys a biotech dip Lebenthal buys Time Warner Avoid GM on 'peak auto' Avoid AT&T on deal delay Buy Time Warner: Barclays Mizuho: Buy Mylan Stifel downgrades Apple Yardeni says banks are cheap › Pro Analysis Intel upgraded by Barclays right before earnings due out Tuesday after the bell Tae Kim | @firstadopter Tuesday, 18 Oct 2016 | 10:26 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Getty Images Investors should buy Intel shares because of improving sales and cheap valuation, according to Barclays, which raised its rating on the chipmaker to overweight from equal weight. "Intel is poised to return to sustainable growth on the back of ... better PC trends," analyst Blayne Curtis wrote in a note to clients Tuesday. "We believe Intel can transition from a no-growth story to one of accelerating growth and in turn will garner a better valuation for such a dominant franchise." Intel is scheduled to announce third-quarter financial results after the market close Tuesday. Curtis' picks have a 10 percent one-year average return with a 64 percent success rate, according to analyst ranking service TipRanks, placing him in the top 8 percent of all Wall Street analysts covering any industry. Tae KimInvesting Journalist Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change INTC --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Pro Analysis Chanos says Valeant was biggest loser ever for hedge funds, topping Enron; Cost industry $40 billion Breakingviews: Warren Buffett’s love for moats trumps fear of flying Strategist Jim Paulsen: Here's what to own when yields are surging Sell FedEx on the Trump economic 'euphoria' and wait for a better entry point, top analyst says Here are the 10 most important stories for investors Tuesday morning
null
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Drivers Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > Drivers > Blog FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! Intel Rolls Out PROSet/Wireless Driver Version 19.20.0 - Download Now The files are compatible with Windows 7, 8.1, and 10 OSes Oct 18, 2016 12:48 GMT  ·  By Iulian Pascal  ·  Share:  Intel has announced the availability of the 19.20.0 PROSet/Wireless version targeted at most of its network adapters, which includes drivers-only and drivers-with Intel WiFi software, as well as installation packages desired by IT administrators. Specifically speaking, the present update is compatible with the producer’s Wireless-N 7260 and 7265 adapters, Dual Band Wireless-N and Wireless-AC 7260/7265 controllers, as well as with the Tri-Band Wireless-AC 17265 and 18260 network devices. In addition to that, version 19.20.0 can also be applied to configurations including one of Intel’s Dual Band Wireless-AC 3160, 3165, 3168, 8260, and 8265 components. Last but not least, the producer’s Centrino Wireless-N 105, 135, and 2230 single band adapters, Centrino Ultimate-N 6300 dual band devices, and Advanced-N 6205 (for Desktop) and 6235 dual band models are also compatible with this release. When it comes to compatibility, the 19.20.0 drivers can be applied to system configurations powered by one of Microsoft’s Windows 7, 8.1, and 10 platforms, either 32- or 64-bit variants. Bear in mind that Windows 8-compatible files aren’t available. As for installation, simply save the appropriate package for your computer, unzip it if necessary, run the available executable, and follow all instructions displayed on the screen. Also, don’t forget to perform a reboot upon completion. That said, download Intel PROSet/Wireless Driver 19.20.0, apply it, and constantly check our website to be aware when a newer version is available for your computer. #PROSet/Wireless#PROSet 19.20.0#Intel#Wireless-AC#Centrino reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Download Drivers for Acer’s TravelMate P255 Notebook Series Intel Rolls Out 19.0.1607 and 19.10.1635 Bluetooth Drivers - Download Now New Custom Firmware Available from AsusWrt-Merlin - Get Version 380.62.1 NETGEAR Rolls Out Firmware 1.0.0.42 for Its D7000 Router - Download Now Microsoft Pledges to Completely Retire Office 2007 Next Year Firefox 50.0 Officially Released for Linux, Mac and Windows, Here's What's New Some U.S. Android Phones Have Secret Backdoor That Sends Data to China Apple Insider Says iPhone 6 Plus Has a Major Bug, Company Should Start Recall NVIDIA Makes Available GeForce Graphics Driver 375.86 - Get It Now Panasonic Rolls Out Firmware 2.6 for its DMC-GH4 Camera - Download Now ASRock Rolls Out New BIOS Update for Some of Its Motherboards Nikon Updates Firmware for Its COOLPIX A300 Camera - Get Version 1.2    Intel PROSet/Wireless drivers reach a new version New Apps ChemPlot: Create chemical molecule structures using simple drawing tools wrapped in an intuitive interface, lock, group and edit objects, save projects and print results Portable Firefox: A reliable, fast and secure web browser that enables you to easily navigate on the Internet on the go, directly from a portable device GdPicture.NET Document Imaging SDK: Full-Featured and Royalty Free Document Imaging toolkit for .NET allows you to implement viewing, processing, printing or scanning files SmartFTP FTP Library: Integrate FTP and SFTP file transfer capabilities into your software with the help of this advanced FTP library ActiveX component (COM) Norton AntiVirus Virus Definitions: Signature packanges containing the latest free virus databases for various Symantec antivirus software for both home and business use Curse: Connect, chat, share files and send messages to friends from the games you are playing fast and easy with this intuitive application Kaspersky Virus Removal Tool: Detects viruses and other infections that may have reached one's computer with the aid of different scan modes provided by Kaspersky Reader comments Load old comments   Intel Makes Available Iris and HD Graphics 21.20.16.4542 - Download Now more on: HD Graphics i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy feedback      
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Barclays' Pair Trade In Semis: Upgrade Intel, Downgrade Cypress Monica Gerson , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 18, 2016 8:11am   Comments Share: Related INTC 3 Stocks To Own Under President Trump Big Tech Is Leading The Stock Market Higher Today China's Semiconductor Investments Are Under Scrutiny - What It Means To Applied Materials (Seeking Alpha) Related CY Benzinga's Top Downgrades Chowdhry: Twilio And Nutanix Are Marching In The 'Junk IPO Parade' Most U.S. semiconductor companies are likely to report strong Q3 results, Barclays' Blayne Curtis said in a report. He mentioned that data from the PC OEM/IDM channel had continued to reflect growth through September, while expressing concern over the handset and auto supply chains. Intel Blayne upgraded the rating on Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC) from Equal-weight to Overweight, while raising the price target from $38 to $45. Although Intel is benefiting from the improving PC market, the share of this business is gradually declining and the non-PC businesses are contributing a majority of the company’s overall revenue. “We believe Intel can transition from a no-growth story to one of accelerating growth and in turn will garner a better valuation for such a dominant franchise. Data Center Group (DCG – Servers) is now roughly 1/3 of total revenue and with the PC market normalizing to low single-digit declines, the total company would grow at 5%+ (from ~4% organically this year),” Blayne wrote. The analyst expects Intel to report its Q3 revenue in-line to slightly better than its updated guidance of $15.6 billion, which the company had raised from $14.9 billion. With the PC supply chain trends continuing to track better, Intel would likely announce its Q4 revenue guidance marginally higher than the current consensus projection of $15.8 billion. Cypress Blayne downgraded the rating on Cypress Semiconductor Corporation (NASDAQ: CY) from Overweight to Equal-weight, while maintaining the price target at $11. “We continue to like CY’s long term potential, ~4% div yield, and increasing focus on the Automotive and Industrial end markets, but at this point it is clear the story is taking longer to play out than originally hoped (particularly on the GM front),” the analyst commented. M&A speculations have driven Cypress’ shares higher, but the company’s underlying fundamentals have not improved significantly. Blayne awaits signs of a marked upturn in revenue growth or GM expansion to turn more positive on the stock. The analyst expects Cypress to report its Q3 revenue in-line with the consensus of $526 million and announce its Q4 revenue guidance roughly in-line with the current consensus estimate of $516 million. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Latest Ratings for INTC Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Charter Equity Upgrades Market Perform Buy Oct 2016 Deutsche Bank Maintains Buy Oct 2016 Nomura Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for INTC View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Long Ideas Short Ideas Upgrades Downgrades Price Target Top Stories Analyst Ratings Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (INTC + CY) 3 Stocks To Own Under President Trump Big Tech Is Leading The Stock Market Higher Today Wall Street's M&A Chatter From Thursday, November 3 Benzinga's M&A Chatter for Tuesday November 1, 2016 Apple's New MacBook Specs Take On Top Competitors Tech Earnings Reflect Conscious Attempts At Circumventing Headwinds View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Benzinga Sign up for email alerts on INTC Trending Recent 1 CXRX, GALE: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 JNUG, NUGT: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start Rising? 3 FDN, XLK: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital Breaks Down T... 4 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side S... 5 DVAX: Dynavax Shares Plunge 70% Amid Complete Resp... 6 TSLA, NVDA: Vetr Crowd Downgrades NVIDIA After... 7 PG, FB: The Trump Market Is Killing... 1 MBLY: Mobileye Gains 2.5% After Better-Than-Expected Q3 2 AAP, NDAQ: A Peek Into The Markets: U.S. Stock Futures Edge Higher Ahead Of Ec... 3 HD: Home Depot Reports Q3 Results, Shares Tick Higher 4 EUR/USD Little Higher, German Current Economic Sentiment Eases 5 XOM, OXY: Can You Guess This Chart? 6 EUR/USD Little Higher, Euro Area GDP Steady 7 EUR/USD Little Changed, Italy GDP Improves View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products GBP/USD Gains Erode, U.K. Retail Prices Edge Up Chipotle's Lost Sales Could Be Permanent; Raymond James Downgrades To Underperform
null
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 1:12 A.M. ET Australia wage growth falls to record low 1:09 A.M. ET Dollar’s march higher takes a break as investors wonder if it’s gone too far 12:51 A.M. ET Violent Protests Break Out in Athens as Obama Visits 11/15 Updated Asian stocks peek higher, led by financials 11/15 Walgreens says Theranos voided 11.3% of its customers’ blood tests 11/15 Henry Louis Gates Discusses Ideological Divides Among Black Americans 11/15 Want a cheaper fare on United? It’ll cost you the overhead bin 11/15 Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 11/15 Henry Louis Gates Discusses New PBS TV Series 11/15 Updated SEC boss Mary Jo White should be stepping up the fight, not stepping down 11/15 Updated 5 reasons why it’s too early for investors to stop worrying about President Trump 11/15 Investors hope Snap will unlock IPO market for tech unicorns 11/15 Updated New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 11/15 Elizabeth Warren rips Trump’s picks of ‘Wall Street insiders’ 11/15 Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 11/15 Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 11/15 Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 11/15 Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 11/15 PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 11/15 Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until London Markets Open Asia Markets Currencies US Market Snapshot Home Press Release CloudRouter 4.0 Adds FD.io and Intel 40 GigE Card Support By Published: Oct 18, 2016 6:00 a.m. ET Share Oct 18, 2016 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- Hardware Performance Results and Easier Programming Give Datacenter Managers Confidence That Open Source Networking Can Replace Proprietary Gear SANTA CLARA, CA --(Marketwired - October 18, 2016) - The CloudRouter® Project, a leading Linux-based open source routing and software-defined networking (SDN) project, today announced the general availability of CloudRouter 4.0. For the first time, CloudRouter includes FD.io (Fast data - Input/Output) and the Cisco-contributed Vector Packet Processing (VPP) library. FD.io brings the first implementation of a multi-architectural router to CloudRouter. Prior to this, people had to use the kernel for packet routing. According to Jay Turner, head of the CloudRouter Project, "After we shipped DPDK in CloudRouter 3.0, the community asked us to use FD.io as a layer 3 implementation of DPDK, which is a development kit. CloudRouter 4.0 with FD.io is a natural evolution of our goals to enable open source programmable routers on a range of hardware." "We're excited to see a cutting-edge open source networking project like CloudRouter ship FD.io as a key part of its distribution," said Ed Warnicke, TSC Chair at FD.io. "FD.io has gained adoption quickly thanks to an active open source network community with contributors/committers from more than a dozen companies including Cisco, Intel, Ericsson, Huawei, Red Hat, Comcast, and NXP and the high quality, mature, extremely high performance vector packet processor (VPP) technology on which it's based. Today, it's clear that feature rich, modular, extremely high performance software-based packet processing for general-purpose CPUs has finally arrived. This is the dataplane we have all been looking for." The layer 3 implementation is important to the growing number of businesses deploying CloudRouter. Between CloudRouter 3.0 and CloudRouter 4.0 the community grew by 34%. As part of the CloudRouter 4.0 release, the team partnered with Intel to test their GigE cards with FD.io. Tests results for Intel Ethernet Converged Network Adapter XL710 GbE are available. "Our tests show that Intel Ethernet Converged Network Adapter XL710 GbE cards have excellent performance with CloudRouter," said Jay Turner. "We plan to expand our testing with other vendors and welcome cooperation from other hardware and software groups. Please contribute code or contact us about joint-testing." CloudRouter 4.0 new features summary: FD.io with support of Layer 2 and Layer 3 SDN and NFV architecturesIncluding Vector Packet Processing (VPP) 16.06 release Including Vector Packet Processing (VPP) 16.06 release OS: upgraded to Fedora 24 (from Fedora 23) NOTE: CentOS remains the same with 7.2 NOTE: CentOS remains the same with 7.2 SDN OS: ONOS 1.6 (GoldenEye, from ONOS 1.4) and OpenDaylight Beryllium (from Lithium) DPDK 16.07 release CloudRouter 4.0 Production is available now for download and use. https://cloudrouter.org/getting-started/ About the CloudRouter Project The CloudRouter Project is a collaborative open source project to develop a freely available software-based router designed to securely run on physical, virtual and cloud environments that support software-defined networking infrastructures. CloudRouter aims to facilitate migration to the cloud without giving up control over network routing and governance. It includes the features of traditional hardware routers, as well as support for emerging technologies such as containers and software-defined interconnection. To help bridge legacy infrastructure with the cloud, the project is focused on bringing simplicity to network interconnection, a traditionally complex process. The CloudRouter Project sponsors include Australian National University, CloudBees, Cloudius Systems, Console Inc., NGINX and OpenDaylight. CloudRouter is a registered trademark of Console Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Contact: Jesse Casman for The CloudRouter Project jcasman@oppkey.com © 2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. MarketWatch Partner Center Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
null
News Research Finance Page 2 Supply chain window On Display Marketing Advanced 中文 繁體 | 簡體 Facebook Twitter Register Login Taipei, Wednesday, November 16, 2016 15:22 (GMT+8) Taipei 27°C Home IT + CE Mobile + telecom Bits + chips Displays LED Green energy What's hot: IoT automotive NOR flash equipment IC manufacturing IC design, distribution Memory chips Passive, PCB, other IC components DIGITIMES login page Sorry, the page you are trying to open is available only for our paid subscribers. - Please sign in below if you wish to continue - New users, please register Login Save my User ID and Password NEW users please register first. I forgot my ID and/or password? For any problems contact webmaster or email questions and comments to editor Realtime news AUO starts production at 6G LTPS LCD plant in China Displays | 10min ago Taiwan IC production value to fall 4.8% in 4Q16, says IEK Bits + chips | 44min ago India market: Smartphone shipments grow 17.5% in 3Q16, says IDC Mobile + telecom | 1h 2min ago Nvidia and MediaTek fastest-growing semiconductor companies for 2016, says IC Insights Bits + chips | 1h 16min ago Pause  |  View more Latest Digitimes news Digitimes Research: Cellular M2M IoT to be fast developing in China E Ink expects drop in 4Q16 revenues Proportion of notebooks for single-spindle models to rise significantly in 2017, say Taiwan makers Era of Silicon 4.0: TSIA chairman talks about virtual Moore's Law Inventec expects 2017 hand-held device shipments to grow 17.2-20.7% Demand for AMOLED panels from China smartphone vendors rising HTC announces wireless upgrade kit for HTC Vive TSMC orders NT$2.4 billion worth of facility equipment for Nanjing site SMIC, IMECAS cooperate on MEMS R&D and foundry Equipment maker Foxsemicon posts record 3Q16 profits PC supply chain seeing replacement trend in DIY market in 2H16 Gintech reports losses for 3Q16 Fujifilm to open new plant for advanced IC materials in Taiwan Giga Solar Materials nets NT$9.19 per share for 3Q16 Neo Solar Power suffers 3Q16 operating loss of NT$1.786 billion GIS 3Q16 operations turn profitable Acer strengthens ties with Tobii to develop VR devices with eye-tracking technology Digitimes Research: October 7W, 9W LED light bulb prices in China market rise Router maker DrayTek reports earnings for 3Q16 Clevo ships nearly 160,000 notebooks in October Taiwan Chinsan reports strong earnings for 3Q16 Foxlink sees earnings rebound in 3Q16 Certification service provider IST acquires new factory for NT$356 million Smartphone shipments to grow at single-digit rates through 2020, says IC Insights Packaging material supplier Chang Wah 3Q16 profits rise 68% Market summary 16-Nov-2016 markets closed   Last Change TAIEX (TSE) 8931.03 -9.37 -0.1%  TSE electronic 358.33 -0.76 -0.21%  GTSM (OTC) 119.6 +0.08 +0.07%  OTC electronic 156.93 -0.44 -0.28%  View more Around the web Siemens to buy Mentor Graphics amid push to digitize heavy industry (Nov 14) - Wall Street Journal 7nm SRAMs, 10nm SoC at ISSCC (Nov 14) - EE Times Dolby drags Oppo and Vivo to court; demands royalties for unlicensed use of proprietary technology (Nov 11) - Firstpost Exclusive: Siemens nears deal to buy Mentor Graphics - sources (Nov 13) - Reuters Samsung applied patent for fingerprint swipe gestures (Oct 27) - Android Community Sony China to sell camer module unit (Nov 7) - Company release Amid anti-trust probe, Qualcomm says it will invest in a lab in Taiwan (Nov 7) - Nikkei Electronics Asia Samsung raided in political corruption probe (Nov 8) - BBC News Latest from Digitimes Research Reports Analysis Data China smartphone AP shipments - 2Q 2016 China smartphone AP shipments – 1Q 2016 Taiwan server shipment forecast and industry analysis, 2016 China smartphone AP shipments - 4Q 2015 More reports Digitimes Research: Taiwan top-3 foundries see combined revenues rise in 3Q16 Digitimes Research: Global IC foundry output value to rise at 5% CAGR over 2016-2021 Digitimes Research: China mobile AP shipments to growth over 18% in 2H16 More analysis 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 More interactive charts Supply chain window Sponsor zone Releases White papers Bulletin Advantest launches Versatile T2000 AiR System for low-volume testing of highly integrated modules and system-in-package (SiP) devices HHGrace technology symposium 2016 successfully held in the US Frontline PCB Solutions announces a company rebrand Advantest Opens VOICE 2017 Call for Papers VATek's modulator has been used on the world's first DTV transmitter crowdfunding project on Kickstarter More releases Embracing the New Generation Intel Atom Family with DDR3 Memory Support Got The Message? Ensuring efficient and reliable delivery of content across a mission critical digital signage network Emb' Store On-Demand Software Service for Embedded Computing Efficient Network Management for Digital Signage Design Benefits of the MI/O Extension Solution More white papers Perforce Software Wins Develop Industry Excellence Award for the Second Year in a Row Perforce Teams with Leading Git Client Developer fournova Perforce Introduces Helix GitSwarm: Flexible Git Ecosystem Mirrored to a Powerful Mainline Repository Perforce Helix Distributed Version Control System Brings Greater Flexibility While Maintaining Enterprise-class Security, Auditability and Control Perforce Powers Development of Legacy Quest for iOS and Android More in bulletin On display 1 2 3 Samsung 14nm chips for wearablesPhoto: Company, Oct 18. Samsung 14nm Exynos chipsPhoto: Company, Aug 31. Silego SLG46533V GreenPAK 5Photo: Company, Jul 26. Samsung 256GB UFS cardPhoto: Company, Jul 13. Samsung PM971-NVMePhoto: Company, Jun 2. Winbond SpiStack memoriesPhoto: Company, Mar 30. Samsung 12-megapixel image sensorPhoto: Company, Mar 22. Samsung PM1633a SSDPhoto: Company, Mar 14. Silego SLG46531V GPAK 5Photo: Company, Jan 13. Samsung Bio-ProcessorPhoto: Company, Jan 5. Samsung PRO Plus 128GB microSD cardsPhoto: Company, Dec 23. Samsung 128GB TSV DDR4 RDIMMPhoto: Company, Dec 9. Page 2 Hot Systems Mentor Graphics Veloce VirtuaLAB adds protocols for networking designs Mouser Electronics undergoing expansion Digitimes Research: Shrinking tablet market prompts China touch panel supply chain to look for growth elsewhere Digitimes Research: Tsinghua Unigroup acquisition of Micron faces difficulties, but is a must for China for further development Digitimes Research: Qualcomm to push inexpensive mobile device market with Microsoft and Allwinner solutions More Page 2 MWC 2015: Intel launches new mobile SoCs, LTE solution Samsung intros 128GB UFS storage for smartphones Qualcomm announces highest-end Snapdragon 810 and 808 processors Micron launches 45nm serial NOR flash for embedded apps Intel launches Pro 1500 series SSD for enterprise More Hot Systems Topics Japan earthquake Earthquakes in Japan often cause huge damage. They have had strong impacts on the country's electronics industry. China: Big plans for homegrown chips A CNY120 billion (US$19 billion) national industry investment fund has been set up to help local foundries finance the build-up of advanced manufacturing... ASE seeking to take up major stake in SPIL Advanced Semiconductor Engineering (ASE) is seeking to acquire an up to 25% stake in fellow packaging house Siliconware Precision Industries (SPIL). MediaTek steps up expansion with new acquisitions After acquiring MStar Semiconductor, MediaTek has announced more acquisitions. Frankly speaking Industry intros Era of Silicon 4.0: TSIA chairman talks about virtual Moore's Law With 2015 being the 50th anniversary of Moore's Law, one of the hottest topics that has continued to... 7nm process is essential for semi industry: Q&A with Globalfoundries CTO Gary Patton Gary Patton, a 30-year veteran in the semiconductor industry, joined Globalfoundries as CTO in July... Industry integration, 5G and IoT applications: Q&A with Qualcomm president Derek Aberle Qualcomm president Derek Aberle spared his time with Digitimes for an exclusive interview... Powering the cloud: Intel embraces new identity The next wave of computing is now beginning to define the IT industry, where the boundaries of computing... More interviews Taiwan DRAM module industry overview - Jun 2011 The year 2010 represented a peak in recent years for the DRAM module industry. Optimism surfaced in the second half of 2009 thanks to a return of demand on the... Taiwan DRAM-module industry overview - May 2010 Back to 2006 when total revenues for the third-party module market reached US$12.2 billion, Taiwan had over 15 vendors shipping DRAM modules under their own brand... Taiwan semiconductor equipment industry overview - Aug 2008 Worries about a global economic downturn have taken a toll on a number of industries, with the semiconductor industry being no exception. Players in the semiconductor... Foundry overview - Sep 2006 Taiwan's semiconductor industry has begun to out-run its global peers, once more, in 2006. This followed a trough in 2004, caused by over-inventory, plus volatility... More industry intros Sponsored links Wireless broadband developments in Southeast Asia markets As of 2013, the 10 ASEAN nations had a total of over 700 million mobile subscriptions, with the CAGR from 2003-2013 reaching 24%. This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the various mobile broadband markets in ASEAN and looks at the respective trends in 4G LTE development for those markets. 2015 global tablet demand forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report provides a 2015 forecast for the global tablet market and analyzes the strategies of key market players such as Google, Apple, Intel, and Microsoft. 2015 China smartphone panel trend forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the strategies of key China-based major panel makers BOE, Tianma and IVO for attacking the different market segments through technology and pricing, and their relationship to local vendors Huawei, Lenovo, ZTE, Xiaomi and Coolpad. Buy link TAG CLOUD foundry 3Q16 profit MediaTek 4Q16 Macronix packaging and testing EPS 2016 Taiwan revenues semiconductor IC 10 days cloud DIGITIMES About Advertising Marketing Membership Terms & conditions Privacy policy Contact us Notes & corrections Site map Channels News Research Finance Industry intros Page 2 Supply chain window Hot systems On display Tools & services Before going to press On demand Frankly speaking Around the web Topics Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Account New user Login Members only Login to read more © DIGITIMES Inc. All rights reserved. Please do not republish, publicly broadcast or publicly transmit content from this website without written permission from DIGITIMES Inc. Please contact us if you have any questions.
Skip to main content Broadcasting and Cable TV Technology TVB Europe Next TV NYC Television Week More AV/PRO AUDIO AV-IQ AudioMedia.com AudioProInternational.com AVNetwork.com Installation-International.com MixOnline.com ProSoundNetwork.com PSNEurope.com ResidentialSystems.com BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO Broadcast.it CreativePlanetNetwork.com GovernmentVideo.com Licensing.biz RadioMagOnline.com RadioWorld.com CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING BikeBiz.com Develop-Online.net MVCuk.com Mobile-ent.biz PCR-Online.biz Twice.com ToyNews-Online.biz EDUCATION Eduwire.com SchoolCIO.com TechLearning.com MUSIC BassPlayer.com Emusician.com GuitarAficionado.com GuitarPlayer.com GuitarWorld.com KeyboardMag.com MI-Pro.co.uk MusicWeek.com RevolverMag.com News Policy National Regulation State Laws/Franchising Courts FCC Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD TV Award Shows Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Consent Transactions Stocks/Earning Research Advanced Advertising Addressable Digital Ad Insertion Programmatic Audience Measurement Technology SCTE Cable-Tec Expo Next TV TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Virtual Reality Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Public Service INTX People Courts ACA Backs Cox in Liability Judgment Appeal By John Eggerton Nov 15, 2016 FCC FCC’s Wheeler Gets Pushback on Continued Agenda Push By John Eggerton Nov 15, 2016 Ratings Fox News, CNN Dominate Weekly Cable Ratings By R. Thomas Umstead Nov 15, 2016 TV Apps Google Freshens Up Fiber TV App By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 15, 2016 Demand Progress 'Bucks' Up for New Net-Neutrality Fight By John Eggerton Nov 15, 2016 Viacom Buys Argentine Broadcaster for $345M By Mike Farrell Nov 15, 2016 Blogs As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On The Money Picture This The Bauminator Translation Please Community Picture This Holidays Come to TV Early By R. Thomas Umstead MCN Guest Blog Strengthening the Cord With Cause-and-Effect Analysis By Marek Polonski, APT Community MCN Online Extra -- Nov. 14, 2016 By MCN Staff Picture This Dan Rather Trumped Election Prognosticators By R. Thomas Umstead Daydream View Reviews Roll In By Jeff Baumgartner One Share, One Vote Is Fair By Edward Bleier, Media Industry Adviser Events Multichannel News Events Webinars Sponsored Webinars NYC TV & Video Week Diversity Discussion Dec 05, 2016 Images Videos Photos Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Nov 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 Nov 07, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 Oct 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Oct 24, 2016 Tech Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Big Data Insights Broadband Videotron Sparks DOCSIS 3.1 Deployment By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 15, 2016 Next TV Comcast Streamlines X1 Video Playback By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 15, 2016 TV Apps Google Freshens Up Fiber TV App By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 15, 2016 Policy Demand Progress 'Bucks' Up for New Net-Neutrality Fight By John Eggerton Nov 15, 2016 Subscribe Subscribe All Access Login Newsletter Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Facebook Twitter Rss Search Search News1 Back To Main All News Policy Back To NEWS All Policy National Regulations State Laws/Frachising Courts FCC Distribution Back To NEWS All Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Back To NEWS All Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD Finance Back To NEWS All Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Content Transactions Stocks/Earnings Research Marketing Back To NEWS All Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Technology Back To NEWS All Technology Broadband Wireless Video Mobile Voice TV Everywhere Back To NEWS All TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Blogs Back To Main All BLOGS As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On the Money Picture This Reynolds Rap The Bauminator Translation Please Viewpoint Events Back To Main All Events Multichannel Events Webinars Industry Calendar Cable TV Conventions TV Awrds Shows Images Back To Main All Images Videos Photos Tech Back To Main Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Subscribe Back To Main Subscibe All Access Login Newsletters Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Search Oct 17 2016 MCN Events VR 20/20: The View From Venture Capitalists With heavy hardware hitters committed, investments flow to content, apps 10/17/2016 5:50 PM Eastern By: Kent Gibbons Follow @cablekent Tipatat Chennavasin of The Venture Reality Fund (Twitter photo) TakeAway 'Massive market' forecasts help venture and strategic investors put money into software and support startups. Get complete coverage of NYC Television & Video Week.   New York – Investors backing virtual reality companies, knowing technology heavy hitters will sell consumers the necessary headsets other hardware, are looking to content, software and applications in the consumer and enterprise realms, experts said at the Virtual Reality 20/20 conference Monday (Oct. 17).   “They’ve built the hardware platform, that’s really set now,” Tipatat Chennavasin, general partner at VR-focused The Venture Reality Fund, said, referring to such big tech firms as Facebook (Oculus), Google (Daydream) and Sony (PlayStation VR). “Now it’s time to invest in the software ecosystem that supports that – that’s really the opportunity.”   RELATED: 'Base case' has VR hitting $80 billion in revenue by 2025   Intel thinks “it’s going to become a mainstream computing platform,” Arjun Metre, investment director at Intel Capital, said, sitting with executives from strategic investment units at Comcast, Time Warner and Samsung on the panel moderated by Greg Kahn, the event’s executive producer.   Chris Fralic, partner at First Round Capital which, he said, has backed more than 350 companies with early “seed” funds, said his firm has been looking at social applications, at “how the 2D and 3D worlds come together” and at parallels of how app stores developed in 2008 with challenges on the publisher and consumer sides “that are playing out again today.”   Kahn asked whether or not virtual reality had grown beyond the point of worrisome comparisons to 3DTV, which fizzled out after a year or so of consumer electronics fueled hype. Scott Levine, managing director of Time Warner Investments, said the comparison to 3DTV often comes up but he thinks “the dynamics are much different.”   3DTV was about TV sales, Levine said, while virtual reality apps driven by mobile phones are “much more immersive” and the support by the biggest tech companies and the potential reach of applications are much broader than a TV-set feature. “There’s so much momentum,” he said.   Said Intel’s Metre: “We all agree, I think, it’s going to be a massive market.”   Enterprise uses of VR and augmented reality – which adds data and content to existing environments, a la Pokemon Go – are promising in such categories as health care, real estate, travel and education, the panelists said. “Obviously there’s a lot of money there and opportunity for transformative experiences,” Gus Warren, managing director, investments, at Samsung Global Innovation Center, said, though Samsung has not invested in those realms yet.   Location-based VR experiences have strong potential, too, although more in China, Japan and Korea, where VR-enabled Internet cafes are growing and karaoke clubs are popular. They could also turn up in U.S. shopping malls where they might have more upside than yet another women’s apparel store, Time Warner’s Levine said. Panelists said experiments like The Void in Times Square, offering a Ghostbusters-themed VR experience, are good for spreading consumer awareness but, as Levine noted, could have a difficult time drawing enough people spending enough money to be successful.   “The concern is, will location VR be the next laser tag? I hope not,” Levine said.   For VR content developers, the good news is that hardware makers are pumping money in that direction, knowing popular content is critically important. Facebook’s Oculus has already invested $250 million in content firms and plans to invest another $250 million, Chennavasin said.   Because it will take time for the base of VR homes to grow – something that will get big jump starts from Sony’s new PlayStation VR and from Google’s coming Daydream platform -- content makers will need the support before other revenue streams kick in. (Another key funding source: brands seeking the "halo effect" around VR as new and innovative and worthy of bankrolling via agencies or studios, per Levine.)   Yang said Comcast Ventures tells VR content makers it’s invested in -- including Baobab Studios, Felix & Paul Studios and NextVR -- not to focus on monetization yet. Between hardware-maker backing and venture investments, “if you manage your company appropriately, you can get well into 2019 and 2020,” he said. Content companies in VR have done well attracting venture funds, relative to content companies in general, he said.   Virtual Reality 20/20, which took place at the The Times Center, is the first event of NYC Television & Video Week, which continues with the Broadcasting & Cable Hall of Fame Tuesday night, Advanced Advertising and Next TV Summit on Wednesday (The Grand Hyatt) and the Hispanic Television Summit (The Grand Hyatt) on Thursday. More information about the week's events here.    Want to read more stories like this? Get our Free Newsletter Here! TAGS: VR 20/20    #NYCTVWK    Virtual Reality 20/20    Share This Post View the discussion thread. PR Feed: ‘The Trans List,’ Exploring The Lives Of A Diverse Group Of Transgender Americans, Debuts Dec. 5 Exclusively On HBO Who Knew Payback Could Look So Good? E!’S “Revenge Body With Khloé Kardashian” Premieres Thursday, January 12th At 8pm Et/Pt Renowned Art + Technology Company The Artery Launches Experiential Arm and Names Yaron Tsinman, Creative Director Archion's Ultra High Performance EditStor Omni Media Storage Certified for Blackmagic Design's DaVinci Resolve and DaVinci Resolve Studio: Facilis TerraBlock at work on Canadian family drama series Backstage Eutelsat and Broadpeak Combine Skills for Satellite Delivery of Live TV and VOD to Mobile Devices Kaltura Integrates with Stripe FLEX Creative Acquires Noted Marketing, Promotions and Production Company SuchAGoodDog: AlticeUSA/Cablevision & CATV-TI partner Cisco Showcases Data-Sharing Digital Platform at Smart City Expo World Congress 2016 Newsletter Signup Free E-Newsletters Subscribe to our FREE eNewsletters Talkback Trending View All → FCC Takes Aim at DirecTV Now PlayStation Vue Dropping Viacom Channels PlayStation Vue Offers Big 4 Broadcast TV Feeds in All O&O Markets Clinton Leads in Media Polls What A&E Wants You to Know About ‘Live PD’ Related Stories NYC Television & Video Week Sees Record Attendance MCN Staff - 11/08/2016 03:18:00 PM America/New_York The fourth annual NYC Television & Video Week drew Telenovela Stars Find Reality TV Tough R. Thomas Umstead - 10/24/2016 08:00:00 AM America/New_York NEW YORK — What’s the hardest role for an actor? Hispanic TV Summit: Jenni Rivera's Kids Show Their New Reality Diana Marszalek, Broadcasting & Cable - 10/20/2016 05:58:00 PM America/New_York Nearly four years after Jenni Rivera’s untimely death, Subscribe Now Events See All Events → December Diversity Discussion Dec 05, 2016 Convene,&nbspNew York,&nbspNY Freeze Frame Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Freeze Frame -- Oct. 17, 2016 Cable-Tec Expo 2016 -- Tuesday, Sept. 27 Cable-Tec Expo 2016 -- Monday, Sept. 26 Freeze Frame -- Sept. 12, 2016 See All → CCA Urges FCC to Stick With 39-Month Repack Timeline Sen. Thune Asks FCC's Wheeler to Avoid Controversial Votes Syndication Ratings: 'Judge Judy' Evades Pre-Election Week Declines ACA Backs Cox in Liability Judgment Appeal The Time Louis C.K. ‘Sucker Punched’ David Bianculli Samsung Bets Big on the Connected Car With Harman Deal Spotify Addresses “Junk Data” Problem Nugen Audio Announces MasterCheck Pro DAB Stakeholders Meet in Vienna Lynx Links to Dante All the Chatter on 'Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk' 2016 DCS Post Production Expo, Nov. 19, L.A. More & Better Pixels: How NASA Plans to Use HDR, 4K, VR to Take Everyone Along for the Ride to Mars Here's a Thorough Look at the New MacBook Pro Sparks Fly in Colorful New Flaming Lips Music Video CBS News App Adds 360 Video PBS News Anchor Gwen Ifill Dead at 61 Teracue Signs on With AVBB for Distribution in Americas JVC to Showcase VideoCloud at GV Expo Fostering a Startup Mentality Within Your Organization News Blogs Events Images Subscribe About Us Contact Us Advertise Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Subscribe RSS Feeds All Access Log In Newsletters Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2016 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470 News Blogs Events Images Subscribe Other NewBay Media Brands Broadcastingcable.com Twice.com CreativePlanetNetwork TV Technology MORE Copyright 2014 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Gadgets Amazon Great Indian Festival: Deals on Apple MacBook Air, Surface Pro 4, and other laptops Amazon Great Indian Festival: Deals on Apple MacBook Air, Surface Pro 4, and other laptops Amazon is also hosting deals on laptops and tablets, and here are the best offers on Apple MacBook Air, HP, Lenovo, etc. By: Tech Desk | Published:October 18, 2016 12:48 pm Amazon Sale: Deals on Apple MacBook Air, Surface Pro 4, Lenovo Yoga 500 and other laptops. Amazon’s Great India festival continues till October 20, and there are discounts/exchange offers on smartphones like Moto G4 Plus, Moto G4, OnePlus 3, etc. Amazon is also hosting deals on laptops and tablets, and here’s a quick look at some of the best offers. Apple MacBook Air, HP, Lenovo, Dell and Asus laptops are available at discounts, as well as the Microsoft Surface Pro 4. Most of these discounts have a time limit, so you’ll need to claim them quickly. Here’s a look at the best deals on laptops, tablets. Apple MacBook Air: Apple MacBook Air is available at Rs 59,799 during the deal well below the Rs 80,900 asking price. This one comes with a 13.3-inch display, Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB RAM + 128GB SSD, Mac OS X which can be upgrade to MacOS Sierra as well Integrated Graphics. If you’ve been waiting to buy an Apple MacBook Air, now is the time to hit buy as the extra RAM is always worth it. But do note you’ll be sacrificing storage space on this one. HP Pavilion 15-AU006TX: This laptop from HP is available at a deal price of Rs 53,747, down from Rs 62,386 which is the MRP. It runs Intel Core i5 processor (sixth gen), comes with 8 GB RAM, and 1TB storage space. It runs Windows 10 Home and also has dedicated NVIDIA GeForce 940MX with 4GB DDR3 RAM for Graphics. However, the 15.6-inch display has a 1366 x 768 resolution, which means you won’t get 1080p. It comes with a full-size island-style backlit keyboard with numeric keypad, as well as B&O PLAY. Watch our technology playlist Dell Inspiron 3558 Notebook: This one is priced at Rs 25,990 during the deal from its MRP of Rs 33,273. This has a the Intel 5th Gen Core i3 processor, 4GB RAM with 1TB HDD and a 15.6-inch display. It doesn’t run Windows 10, and instead comes with Ubuntu. So if you’re not insistent on sticking with the Windows 10 ecosystem, the Dell laptop with Ubuntu is also an option to consider. Arvind Kejriwal Attacks Janardhan Reddy Over His Daughter’s Big Fat Wedding Demonetisation: Farmers Should Have Been Exempted, Says CM Akhilesh Yadav Kaabil Is About Finding The Brightest Light Inside You: Hrithik Roshan Demonetisation: Church Opens Donation Box, Dhaba Offers Free Food For Public CBSE Makes Class 10th Board Exams Mandatory 2017 Session Demonetisation: Indelible Inks To Be Put On Cash Exchanger’s Finger To Prevent Fraud Obama Advises Trump Over ‘Signals Of Unity’, Temperament, ‘New Voice And New Ideas’ PM Modi’s 96-year-old mother exchanges currency notes at Ahmedabad bank Marriage Is The Biggest Change In My Life : Vidya Balan Vidya Balan Reacts To Govt’s Decision Of Making Rs 500- Rs1000 Illegal Skin Show Is Not Necessarily Sexy, Says Alia Bhatt Express ADDA With Baba Ramdev Demonetisation: Banks Provide New Rs 500 Notes Venkaiah Naidu On Demonetisation: No Regrets Bigg Boss 10 November 14 Review: Contestants Still Stand Divided Between Indiawaale And Celebrities Asus X541UV-XO029D: This laptop is available for Rs 34,990, down from the MRP of Rs 38,990 and comes without any OS running on it. The Asus laptop comes with Intel Core i5, 4GB RAM + 1TB storage, DOS and 2GB RAM for Graphics. It has a 15.6-inch screen. Since this runs DOS, you can install Windows 10 on it if you have a key already. Apple MacBook Air is available at Rs 59,799 during the sale well below the Rs 80,900 asking price. Lenovo Yoga 500: This is a 2-in-1 Touch Screen Laptop which is priced at Rs 47,990, and runs the Intel Core i5 6th Gen processor with 4GB RAM and 500GB storage. This one runs Windows 10 Home. The Yoga 500 series flips around 360 degree and can be used as a laptop, tablet, etc. Micromax Canvas Lapbook: This budget laptop from Micromax is available at discount. You get it for Rs 8,990, which is Rs 2000 off from the Rs 11,990 price. It features an Intel Quad-Core Processor, 2GB DDR3 RAM, 32GB eMMC Flash drive and has an 11.6-inch screen with Integrated graphics. This is one of the cheapest laptop running Windows 10 that you can get in the market. Read more: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Review: Great laptop replacement, but not fully mobile Tablet Microsoft Surface Pro 4: The Microsoft Surface Pro 4 is still pretty expensive but you can get the 4GB RAM+128GB storage version at Rs 73,990 price, down from the Rs 92,999 MRP. Surface Pro 4 runs the Intel Core i5 6th Gen processor and it comes with Windows 10 Pro. Apple iPad Mini 2 Tablet: The Apple iPad Mini 2 with Wi-Fi Only and 16GB space is available at Rs 17,599 during the sale for those who need a compact tablet. Do note that when considering laptop deals, take a note of the seller. If it is CloudTail that means Amazon is directly handling this. Also do check the returns policy before hitting buy on any laptop. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaParliament LIVE: Mayawati says demonetisation a sensitive issue, want PM Modi to address Rajya Sabha IndiaRahul Gandhi: PM Narendra Modi is running the government of few industrialists IndiaSushma Swaraj suffers kidney failure, undergoes dialysis at AIIMS BusinessSBI writes off Rs 7,016 crore loans owed by wilful defaulters IndiaBirla text message shows payoff to ‘Gujarat CM’ in 2012, says Arvind Kejriwal EntertainmentI am besharam, nudity means nothing to me: Ranveer Singh on Befikre EntertainmentDimple Kapadia called Twinkle Khanna 'junglee' and that's where Akshay Kumar came in EntertainmentPM Modi's 'kadak chai' is sweet tea for the honest: Nana Patekar on demonetisation EntertainmentTwinkle Khanna asked Karan Johar full form of MNS, his reply will make you forget Koffee With Karan Must Read SportsDemonetisation greatest move in Indian politics: Kohli SportsThere will be few surprises in the playing XI: Virat Kohli SportsHow the mighty Aussies have fallen TechnologyOnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3: What's the big difference? TechnologyOnePlus 3T goes official: Price, specifications and features TechnologyWhatsApp video calling on Android, iOS: Here is how it works  Deepika Padukone, Priyanka Chopra, Lisa Haydon: The rise of the thigh-high slit gowns Nov 16: Latest News Live Cricket Score of Sri Lanka vs West Indies, 2nd ODI, Tri-series: Sri Lanka win toss, elect to field against West Indies Clash on box-office won’t affect our friendship: Hrithik Roshan on Kaabil vs Shah Rukh Khan’s Raees Naxals force elderly to convert black money in Jharkhand Kashmir unrest: Normal life remains disrupted in the valley Director Ameer questions Rajinikanth’s integrity for supporting PM Modi’s demonetisation                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Wednesday, November 16, 2016 As of 6:14 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Technology HP Spectre x360 review: Good deal for those looking for 7th generation Intel i7 processor as in MacBook Pro 2016 By Ritwik Roy @ritwikroy1985 on October 18 2016 5:20 PM 0 0 0 0 A HP Envy 14 Spectre ultrabook is displayed at the Intel booth during the 2012 International Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas, Nevada, January 12, 2012. Reuters/Steve Marcus All those looking for a 7th generation Intel i7 processor, must be waiting eagerly for the Apple MacBook Pro 2016. However, there are other laptops such as the HP Spectre x360 that are also using the same processor. As Apple has not released any statement as regards the release date of the MacBook Pro 2016, one can go for the HP Spectre x360 device. HP has unveiled the upgraded Spectre x360 laptop and Envy models for customers both on the go and at home. The HP Spectre x360 is a 13.3-inch device, hailed as the thinnest laptop in the world. Its price starts from $900 to $1,400 depending on the configuration. The laptop is available at the HP Store and all with major retailers. According to Gadgets 360, the HP Spectre x360 has an increased battery life (25 percent increase) that stands at 15 hours. The Fast Charge technology powers up the battery to 50 percent in just half an hour and 90 percent in ninety minutes. USB Type-C ports are available with Thunderbolt support. A faster Wi-Fi, Bang & Olufsen audio and HP Audio boost technologies have also been incorporated. Seventh Generation Intel Core i5 or i7 processors power up the device along with SSDs of up to 1TB capacity, writes PC Mag. Design-wise, the HP Spectre x360 has a hinge-design and is only 13.8 mm thin. The bezel around the display has also been reduced along with the weight. HP has proved its immense attention details as well as performance with the Spectre x360. The convertible HP Spectre x360 is very much different from the current Apple MacBook Pro. The laptop has various configurations and users need to choose the best work mode suitable to his/her requirements. The Hp Spectre x360 may not be as good as the MacBook Pro 2016 but those looking for similar processor, healthy battery life and cool specs may go with it. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Samsung Chromebook Pro vs Apple MacBook Pro 2016 Apple MacBooks should have been upgraded long time back Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 New 'Doctor Who' in 2018 0 Shares 2 Evidence says US president-elect Donald Trump could be impeached: Law professor 0 Shares 3 Nostradamus from the Balkans predicted the end of US politics as the world has come to know it 0 Shares 4 November supermoon: When, where and how to view from Australia 0 Shares 5 'Outlander' Season 3: Young Jamie cast; Sam Heughan teases photo 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ star Sam Heughan failed dating attempt 0 Shares 7 ‘Outlander’ star Sam Heughan promises to answer questions 0 Shares 8 'Star Wars: Episode 8' theory' What Rey's training will entail 0 Shares 9 World War III Update: Did Nostradamus predict Trump’s election & third global war? 0 Shares 10 ‘X Factor Australia’ 2016 latest news: Fans blast Iggy Azalea for Chynna Taylor’s exit; Guy Sebastian may have called Iggy’s vote ‘stupid’ [VIDEOS] 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Domino’s to sell thickshakes and ice cream in cups in July 2017 3rd loss for Johnson & Johnson after St Louis jury awards over $70 million to California woman diagnosed with ovarian cancer Hancock Prospecting says its bid for Kidman cattle business is superior to BBHO’s AT&T to buy Time Warner for $112.25B Woolworths opens its first next generation store in Sydney Apple Pay wins deal with 31 Australian banks, credit unions More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance Australia infected by killer clown craze Australian resident sentenced to 20 years in Indonesia for cyanide coffee murder NSW parents sentenced to jail for raping, torturing daughter for 15 years Twitter satirist Fake Stephen Conroy killed in Idaho Chili’s apologises after US veteran’s food taken away by manager on Veterans Day Killer clown stabs woman on leg while at home More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Hobart Test: Proof that South Africa captain Faf du Plessis cheated Australian cricket team is third in history to suffer 5 consecutive losses 2 Brisbane hackers enter North Korea by posing as Australian golf delegation Ronda Rousey announces MMA retirement; Fight with Amanda Nunes ‘one of last fights’ LeBron James has season-high 14 assists, Cavaliers beat Raptors in thriller DeMarcus Cousins trade imminent before deadline More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More Google Pixel phone is vulnerable to hacking Apple iOS 10 jailbreak impossible? November supermoon: When, where and how to view from Australia Supermoon November 2016 Australia: When and where to view the 'extra-super moon' The iPhone 7 Plus Full Review: Specs, features and Australian pricing NES Classic Edition: Nintendo promises to restock before the holidays More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design ‘Outlander’: ‘Explore your outer Claire’ says Diana Gabaldon ‘X Factor Australia’ 2016 Top 5 live recap: Judges save Vlado Saric; it’s third time unlucky for Beatz [VIDEOS] 'American Horror Story' Season 6 Episode 10 spoilers: Season finale reveals Lee as the ultimate survivor of ‘Three Days in Hell’ New 'Doctor Who' in 2018 Taylor Swift rebuffs Andy Cohen's suggestion to sit with Katy Perry 'NCIS' Season 14 episode 7 spoilers: ‘Home of the Brave’ tackles immigration issue, provides updates about Tony DiNozzo More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car NASA's Juno Probe Reaches Jupiter Orbit China Begins Military Exercises In South China Sea Jose Mourinho: 'It's A Job Everyone Wants' Dior Unveils Autumn Creations At Paris Haute Couture Week IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
null

HOME NEWS Nation Election 2016 Israel World Los Angeles California Weekly Edition Nation Serving up shalom at a post-election Thanksgiving Nation Steve Bannon to attend ZOA annual gala in New York Nation Stephen Bannon backed in statement from Republican Jewish Coalition board member Israel Chemi Peres wishes Trump ‘the best of luck’ Nation Ginsburg looking forward to Trump’s naming of a ninth justice OPINION Rob Eshman David Suissa Marty Kaplan Dennis Prager Shmuel Rosner Danielle Berrin David N. Myers Bill Boyarsky Gina Nahai Michelle K. Wolf Steve Greenberg Letters to the Editor Opinion A teenage girl’s reaction to the election Opinion Jewish historians speak out on the election of Donald Trump Opinion Bannon and Breitbart: Friends of Israel, not anti-Semites David Suissa A Trump miracle: Surprise America Opinion Exclusive: An open letter to Jared Kushner from Noa Tishby HOLLYWOOD Hollywood Hollywood Jew The Ticket Keeping it Real Serious Stern Hollywood Wonder Woman Gal Gadot announces pregnancy on Twitter, Instagram Hollywood Lights, camera, no action: When will Hollywood diversity include disabilities? Hollywood War hero was ‘what’s right about America’ Hollywood Israeli actress Odelya Halevi joins ‘Revolt’ Hollywood Scripted or non-scripted, TV doesn’t reflect reality for disabled population CULTURE Culture Lifestyle Religion Food Books Calendar TRIBE Live Events Obituaries Culture Ivanka Trump tops Forward 50 list of Jews impacting American life Religion A prayer for our country after the election Culture Leonard Cohen, my father and me Culture Leonard Cohen eulogized by Netanyahu, Rivlin: Someone ‘who loved Israel’ Culture Leonard Cohen, whose Jewish-infused poetry and songs inspired generations, dies at 82 BLOGS Latest blogs Advice & Living Community Food Health & Science Hollywood & Ent. News & Politics People & Dating Religion World & Travel All blogs Erev Rav After the Election, A Day of Hope Keeping the Faith Dating Google The Wide Angle Trump’s Needed Act (Part #2) Keeping It Real Real Housewives of New Jersey Reunion Recap Part 2 Jewish Insider Daily Kickoff: Mr. Kushner (likely) Goes to Washington INFO     Get in touch Contact us About us/FAQ Advertise Letter to the Editor Submit a Letter Newsletter Subscription Read the JJ Paper Subscription Pickup Locations Weekly Edition Archives RSS Download the Jewish Journal App iPad iPhone Android Kindle Fire Community Community Calendar Post an event EveryJew.com City Guide Marketplace SUPPORT THE JEWISH JOURNAL Jewish Journal RECENT HEADLINES Netanyahu is right and wrong about Palestinian ‘ethnic cleansing’ RECENT HEADLINES Israeli security chief in DC reportedly to sign $38B defense assistance pact RECENT HEADLINES Pence refuses to validate David Duke ‘deplorable’ label RECENT HEADLINES Saving Adam Krief and Etz Jacob Wednesday - November 16, 2016 Get Jewish Journal On your Mobile Device WRITE FOR US Sports SUBSCRIBE LATEST Sports POSTS Cubs fans, like the Jews, now face the challenge of success Cubs vs. Indians: Which team is more Jewish? Is Cleveland Indians pitcher Andrew Miller Jewish? MORE POSTS LATEST NEWS A teenage girl’s reaction to the election Serving up shalom at a post-election Thanksgiving Steve Bannon to attend ZOA annual gala in New York Jewish historians speak out on the election of Donald Trump Stephen Bannon backed in statement from Republican Jewish Coalition board member ADVERTISEMENT PUT YOUR AD HERE Dodgers go to bat for Israeli startup’s video technology by Louis Keene Posted on Oct. 19, 2016 at 2:38 pm Aviv Arnon, co-founder of WSC, in the offices of the Dodgers Accelerator in Playa Del Rey. Photo by Louis Keene If you watch an NBA highlight on Facebook, Twitter or the league’s website, chances are an Israeli startup’s software produced and distributed it — automatically. Now, the Los Angeles Dodgers are betting that the company’s groundbreaking technology will dictate the future of sports content creation. WSC Technologies — which has attracted investments from Microsoft and Intel, among others — is one of five fledgling tech companies participating in the Dodgers Accelerator, a venture capital program that funds and develops sports-focused startups. Originally a passion project intended for use by coaches and scouts, WSC is breaking out in a rapidly changing digital media market. “We’re still four guys out of Israel and we don’t know everybody, even though we’ve been around for a few years,” said co-founder Aviv Arnon. “[The Dodgers Accelerator] helps us to get to the right people, at the right time.” Arnon was in Los Angeles recently for client meetings as WSC’s head of business development.  Arnon and two of WSC’s other three co-founders studied engineering together at Tel Aviv University through Atuda, the four-year, pre-enlistment academic reserve of the Israel Defense Forces (IDF). Joining the IDF ranks at 22, Arnon put his education to use building video interrogation systems and flight footage analysis; Daniel Shichman, now the company’s CEO, handled transmission and bandwidth for the Iron Dome weapons system. Shmulik Yoffe is now the company’s chief technology officer. They explored the idea of automated sports video editing in their spare time. “It was kind of a hobby,” Arnon said. “Making this our primary job, we started to figure out where can it scale, where’s the opportunity, and what we wanted as fans.” Atuda requires a six-year service in the IDF, but Arnon wound up staying an extra 18 months because the late-night coding sessions — building what would become WSC’s core technology — were so productive.  What emerged from their work by the time they concluded their enlistment in 2011 was AVGEN, an application that automatically parses games into hundreds of individual video clips — including, for example, each of a basketball team’s offensive possessions in a game. The software attaches metadata that indicates outcomes of plays and the players involved based on analysis of the announcer’s voice, facial recognition and other elements of the game. It then streamlines the creation of highlight montages by allowing a user to choose a player, an outcome (such as a field goal, an assist, a 3-point basket), a time period (the previous game, or an earlier game) and a reel length — and then playing the finished product in a matter of seconds. The WSC founders thought it would be a useful tool for coaches and scouts, which their fourth co-founder, Chief Operating Officer Hy Gal — as someone involved in basketball coaching — could help them market with connections to coaches. The trouble, Arnon said, was selling it to a coach and training him on the software, only to have to repeat the whole process when the coach was fired. “We were just soldiers in the army,” Arnon said. “We didn’t know exactly the market, who to talk to. It took us a couple of years of figuring that out on our own.” Then WSC pivoted to suit the more lucrative market of sports media.  The company got its start producing highlights for the Israeli channel Sport5 and for UEFA Champions League soccer. After a $1 million seed round of venture capital funding, WSC got a meeting with the NBA’s Development League, or D-League, whose executives at first didn’t believe automated highlights were technologically possible. Arnon, Shichman and Yoffe got to work. Two years later, WSC had full buy-in not only from the D-League but the NBA as well. Last season, 28 of the 30 NBA teams used AVGEN to publish highlights to team sites and social media, garnering hundreds of millions of views. WSC’s partnership with the Dodgers should be mutually beneficial, though it isn’t yet producing Dodgers highlights. The Dodgers can connect WSC to new business opportunities with Major League Baseball and are hoping their franchise’s globally recognized brand will help WSC extend its market reach to other sports. In exchange for their contribution to WSC’s $12 million Series B round of funding, the Dodgers receive equity in the startup. “They’re incredibly impressive,” Dodgers Chief Financial Officer Tucker Kain said of WSC’s founders. Kain launched the Accelerator last year in a partnership with R/GA, a digital marketing agency. “It takes an incredible balance of technical skills needed to create a platform like this and then to build out and commercialize it for a variety of different people.” The AVGEN software has special utility when it comes to international athletes who are followed obsessively in their home countries. Arnon said that when Sport5 posts the highlights of Omri Casspi, an Israeli basketball player on the NBA’s Sacramento Kings, it’s usually the most-watched video clip in Israel that night.  Arnon has lofty ambitions for the future of sports video consumption and WSC’s place in it. Instead of creating thousands of videos each night, he said, AVGEN eventually will be cutting millions of highlight reels tailored to each consumer’s favorite players, fantasy teams or rooting interests. “Each fan is his own market,” Arnon said. Someday, he added, “instead of watching ‘SportsCenter,’ you get your own sports personalized newscast. This is the way things are shaping up — it’s happening with or without us.” The increasing demand for short-form content in all types of entertainment also aligns with WSC’s specialty. Arnon said his increasingly packed travel schedule reflects the growing interest WSC is seeing in its product. Although the company is still headquartered in Tel Aviv, Arnon joked that his second office is at 30,000 feet. He had trips to Atlanta, Toronto and New York planned for a recent week in the United States, leaving no time for stops at Israeli restaurants along the way, he said. But he’s thrilled that WSC’s once-doubted technological capability is finally being validated. “We’re no longer coming to pitch it as a few guys from Israel telling a story,” Arnon said. “We’re telling it as the guys who do it for the NBA.” RELATED TOPICS los angeles dodgers COMMENTS View our privacy policy and terms of service. ADVERTISEMENT PUT YOUR AD HERE Sign up for our newsletter More news and opinion than at Shabbat dinner. Trending in Sports Cubs fans, like the Jews, now face the challenge of success SHARES Dodgers go to bat for Israeli startup’s video technology SHARES Is Cleveland Indians pitcher Andrew Miller Jewish? SHARES Cubs vs. Indians: Which team is more Jewish? SHARES Jewish Journal Home Hollywood Culture Calendar Food U.S. Israel Los Angeles Obituaries Opinion World Sports EveryJew.com Torah Portion Marketplace Email Newsletter Sign Up Don’t miss any of the latest news and events! Get the Jewish Journal in your inbox. JewishJournal.com is produced by TRIBE Media Corp., a non-profit media company whose mission is to inform, connect and enlighten community through independent journalism. TRIBE Media produces the 150,000-reader print weekly Jewish Journal in Los Angeles – the largest Jewish print weekly in the West – and the monthly glossy Tribe magazine (TribeJournal.com). Please support us by clicking here. © Copyright 2016 Tribe Media Corp. All rights reserved. JewishJournal.com is hosted by Nexcess.net Web Design & Development by Hop Studios 2.4270 / 125
To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. Ecumenical News ecunews.com Home U.S. world Church Culture Belief Humanitarian Analysis Lifestyle Middle East Christians Europe's refugee crisis Venezuela Impasse Climate Change Education in South Africa Nov 16, 2016, Updated at 02:22 AM EST Home General iMac 2016 release date, specs rumors: To be introduced on Oct. 27 Apple event? Kristine Fernandez |Tuesday, October 18 2016 Like Us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it (Apple)Shown in the photo is the current iMac 27-inch variant. Rumor has it that Apple will launch the iMac 2016 later this month. Gadget enthusiasts have been waiting for another unveiling event for Apple's computers, especially the iMac. New reports reveal that there may be one on Thursday, Oct. 27. According to reports, Apple is holding a huge event on Oct. 27 where they will introduce the newest iterations of its PC lineup and that includes the artist's favorite — iMac. Although the rumored event is likely to unveil the new upgrades for the MacBook, MacBook Air, and MacBook Pro laptops, there is still a possibility that the iMac will also be getting its newest version. As for the desktop computer's rumored specs, there are speculations that the iMac 2016 will come out with the new Intel Kaby Lake processing chip of the 7th Gen Intel Core i7 family. The desktop computer may also offer support for the USB 3.1, Display Port 1.2, and Thunderbolt 3. It is also possible that the chipset that will power the newest iMac is an AMD Zen to match with the Polaris 10 graphics card. This could be the tech giant's way of beefing up its graphics. There are also rumors that the computer may get an external flash drive and virtual reality (VR) technology support. Other specs predictions include that the iMac 2016 will boast a Retina 5K display. As for the chipset, it may be coupled with 32 GB of RAM and 2 TB of storage capacity. However, if Apple wants to release the new iMac with the Kaby Lake, it may not come out as soon as this month. The processing chip has not been widely produced yet. It is possible that the desktop will be introduced to the public on the mentioned date, but the release of the units may be scheduled later than expected. Apple remains tight-lipped about the launch of iMac or any of its computer line. Users will have to take these rumors with a grain of salt. Copyright © 2016 Ecumenical News Like Us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it RECOMMENDED Ukrainian conflict East Europe's worst crisis since World War 2, says archbishop S. African priest who resisted witchcraft on path to Catholic sainthood First black presiding bishop installed at Episcopal Church USA Churches unite in call for United States to confront racism Pentecostal Church in Chile celebrates Christian unity at ecumenical service News from General Miami Heat trade rumors 2016: Hassan Whiteside to Celtics for package deal? Los Angeles Lakers trade rumors 2016: Luol Deng, future pick to Hawks for frontcourt additions? Sacramento Kings trade rumors 2016: Omri Casspi next on the list? Washington Wizards free agency, trade rumors 2016: Moves to improve bench materializing soon? Dallas Mavericks free agency, trade rumors 2016: Harrison Barnes here to stay Most Popular Buddhist aid workers face backlash for helping Myanmar's Rohingya Muslims Venezuela government and opposition clinch small deals in Vatican-backed dialogue Faith groups intensify climate justice call as skeptic Trump chooses environment head Trump can thank evangelicals for his election say Christian and secular analysts UK government aides see traditional Christians as extremists, says Archbishop of Canterbury UK government aides see traditional Christians as extremists, says Archbishop of Canterbury UK cardinal visits Gaza to offer support to tiny Christian minority Tweets by @EcumenicalNews Ecumenical News ©2016 All rights resesrved About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms of Service Privacy Policy X
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple and IBM have launched their First MobileFirst App for Education Called 'Watson Element' | Main | Rumor suggests that Apple may be attending the 2017 Mobile World Congress Event as an Exhibitor » October 19, 2016 Apple's Not-So-Secret Mac Event is on for Next Thursday Oct 27   The announcement for Apple's World Wide Developer Conference held in June was titled "Hello, WWDC16" and Apple's invitation for their October 27 event is interestingly called "Hello again." Whether that's a reference to another Siri announcement or just a reference to the event being the second for the year is unknown at this time. Though someone just sent in a comment that it's a reference to the original Mac. That would make the most sense considering the nature of the event. Is the 'Reinvention' of the iMac on the way?   The Mac event is expected to take place at or near Apple's Cupertino campus rather than in San Francisco, where the company held many recent events, including the iPhone 7 announcement.   It's going to be a busy week. Apple has its earnings report on Tuesday, then Microsoft is holding a Windows 10 hardware event in New York on Wednesday where we may see their first all-in-one PC debut to challenge the iMac and then finally Apple will take to the stage to finally refresh their MacBooks and more.   What can we expect from Apple? Bloomberg told us way back in August that we could expect to see a 5K standalone display to replace their now defunct Thurderbolt Display. The MacBook Air may get a refresh and we're likely to see a thinner MacBook Pro.   Apple will update the iMac and that could be interesting. Intel told us that 7th Generation desktop processors won't be launching until sometime in Q1 2017. According to Intel's Navin Shenoy, VP, GM Client Computing Group, the new processors will usher in the 'Immersive Internet Era." Will Apple pull off a coup and have the new processors ahead of schedule? Likely not, but it's one of those hopefuls that would be a genuiine surprise.   With or without a 7th gen processor, Apple could introduce USB-C and new GPU cards will be announced. Will AMD continue to get the nod from Apple with their new Polaris pushing VR Performance that we pointed to back in April?   The question left is whether Apple will push the display to 34" or even 38" (curved or not) or keep the 27" as their top model. Apple supposedly worked with LG on the new 5K display and in August they introduced some fantastic displays for gamers and professionals. Was it a hint of what's to come?   In May Patently Apple posted a report titled "MacBook Pro to Gain OLED, Touch ID & First-to-Market Mini-Display Function Key Bar." This is where all eyes will be on when the new MacBook is announced. This would be a nice leap for the holiday season and beyond. It would really be spmething refreshing and possibly exciting depending how it's implemented.   Am I hoping for a real surprise at this event. Of course I'm am, I'm always hoping that Apple will pull a new rabbit out of their hat. That's what we always hope for isn't it? We don't get many real suprises these days with rumors killing all the fun. But one of these days Apple may still be able to land a great punch that no one is expecting, like adding a next-gen 3D depth iSight camera to the iMac and introducing their Faceshift app to give us all something new to try out and have fun with. Or maybe even In-air gesturing – just don't hold your breath on that one for this year.   And lastly, maybe Apple will be bold enough to add a new Magic Trackpad with Apple Pencil capabilities. Apple was granted that patent in June so why not implement it now? What are they waiting for? You never know, it might be the time to get the Apple community pumped with something new again. We'll know next week and I'll cross my fingers.   If there anything that you're hoping to see at the event that we didn't list, please send in your comments below.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on October 19, 2016 at 04:09 PM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts A New Hardbound Book from Apple Dedicated to Steve Jobs Memory Chronicles 20 Years of Product Design Apple Wins 61 Patents Today Covering Future iPad Pro Accessories including a High-End Dock/Pivoting Stand and more Apple Granted a Patent for a Sports Version of Apple EarPods Apple Reportedly working on Digital Glasses Supporting Telephony and Augmented Reality MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs Samsung Aggressively Gets into Apple's Face with Moves into AI and Telematics with Harman Acquisition Chinese State Publication Warns President Elect Trump that any Tariffs on Chinese Goods Would be bad News for Apple Microsoft, Apple and Google Aim to Extend Touch Technologies to a World of new Devices and Applications Samsung sets their Eyes on a Revolutionary Holographic TV Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
    Search  Horoscope India Politics Crime All India World South Asia Asia Middle East Africa Europe Americas Oceania Metros Delhi Kolkata Mumbai In Other Cities Business Economy Market Companies Autos In Other News Opinion Edit Oped Columnists Interview of the Week Reporter's Diary The Age Debate Here and Now Sports Cricket Tennis Football In Other sports Technology Mobiles & Tabs Gadgets In Other news Reviews Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Movie Reviews TV Music In Other News Photos Life Health Fashion Food Travel Art Relationship More Features Newsmakers Books Science Horoscope Delhi Age Mumbai Age Age on Sunday Editors' Picks   Menu e-Paper | Age on Sunday  Auto Refresh  Search   Horoscope Wednesday, Nov 16, 2016 | Last Update : 12:52 PM IST Home India World Metros Business Opinion Sports Technology Entertainment Photos Life Newsmakers More   Books Science Horoscope Delhi Age Mumbai Age Age on Sunday Editors' Picks India Rumours may be new terror tool in poll-bound UP | AMITA VERMA Published : Oct 20, 2016, 2:49 am IST Updated : Oct 20, 2016, 2:49 am IST Intel agencies warn of strategy to trigger stampede in crowded places. Intel agencies warn of strategy to trigger stampede in crowded places. Terror outfits planning a strike in Uttar Pradesh during the ongoing festive season and political events may have a different plan up their sleeves this time. According to intelligence agencies, there is information that instead of using explosives, terror groups may resort to rumour mongering in crowded places and trigger off stampede like the one that took place last week in Varanasi. “We have definite information that this could be the latest modus operandi of terror outfits. In Varan-asi, eyewitnesses claim that a rumour of the bridge cracking up led to the stampede. This kind of rumours trigger panic in crowded areas and many lives are lost without even firing a bullet,” said a senior official in an intelligence unit. Intelligence agencies are now sharing the information with security agencies and efforts are being made to ensure crowd management in political meetings, weekly markets and local fairs that attract huge crowds. “The Diwali markets, Chhat Puja, Dev Deepawali in Varanasi and the ongoing Dewa fair are events where people come in thousands and even the slightest provocation can lead to an ugly situation,” the official said. Police officials have suggested barricading and separate entry and exit points, but making people follow the rules strictly is a Herculean task, especially during the festival season. Intelligence sources said that according to their information, some of the rumours that could be used to trigger a stampede have been identified. “False information of a terror attack in another part of the city, caving in of steps on the ghats, sudden rise in water level, major fire caused by explosion and a bomb attack on a monument could be rumours that can create panic movement in the public,” the official said. He added that the local police had been asked to set up public address system in all such crowded places and keep a close eye on public movement. In event of any panic movement, the public address system should be used to convince the people that all is well. Another input received by intelligence agency is that terrorists could cut off fuel pipes of vehicles parked in parking lot, thereby allowing fuel to flow out freely. Even a small lighted matchstick can then trigger off a major explosion in the area. One such incident recently took place in the Civil hospital in Lucknow but an alert visitor smelt petrol and informed the hospital authorities after which the police was called in. The fuel pipes of about half a dozen cars and two dozen two wheelers were found cut and the entire area was sanitized and washed to remove traces of fuel. “This could have been a trial case though the local police blamed it on miscreants but just imagine if someone had thrown a matchstick at the site”, the official pointed out. Location: India, Uttar Pradesh, Lucknow MOST POPULAR 1 Salman Khan ready with his 3rd film, will work with this enormous star! 2 OnePlus 3 Vs OnePlus 3T - What's the difference? 3 Good news! Some of you can still use WhatsApp after December 31 4 BSF protects the integrity of the nation and are real heroes: Nana Patekar 5 WhatsApp suspends giving Facebook European user data more Columnist Parsa Venkateshwar Rao Jr Note ban economic quackery by govt? PM Modi succeeded in scoring political brownie points as the middle class is star-struck by his ‘surgical strike’ on black money. K C Singh Can ‘Make in India’ & ‘America First’ merge? Mr Modi must find the first opportunity to meet him to develop chemistry and sell a shared vision of 21st century Asia. Rajiv Bhatia Asia’s natural allies? Both India and Japan seem to have shown flexibility to ensure a positive outcome. Ashok Malik India, Trump and the future matrix It is important to understand that Mr Trump has not killed globalisation or international trade. more Editors' Picks Good news! Some of you can still use WhatsApp after December 31 After notes, will our rights vanish too? It pays to be tough with China Mystic Mantra: Love - The mother of of all virtues Ricky Ponting backs Australia to turn things around more Home Deccan Chronicle Andhrabhoomi Financial Chronicle About Us Contact Us Feedback E-Paper Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016 The Asian Age. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: The Asian Age Daksh Patrika By Daksham
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Commentary   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Stocks Close Modestly Higher Amid Jump In Oil Prices - U.S. Commentary 10/19/2016 4:17 PM ET With a jump in oil prices leading to a rally in the energy sector, stocks managed to end Wednesday's trading modestly higher. The uptick helped the major averages continue to regain ground after ending Monday's trading at their lowest closing levels in a month. The major averages ended the day in positive territory but well off their best levels of the day. The Dow rose 40.68 points or 0.2 percent to 18,202.62, the Nasdaq inched up 2.57 points or 0.1 percent to 5,246.41 and the S&P 500 edged up 4.69 points or 0.2 percent to 2,144.29. The modest strength on Wall Street came amid a sharp increase by the price of crude oil, with crude for November delivery surging up $1.31 to $51.60 a barrel, the closing level since July of 2015. The jump by the price of oil came following the release of a report showing an unexpected drop in weekly crude oil inventories. The report from the Energy Information Administration said crude oil inventories slumped by 5.2 million barrels last week compared to expectations for an increase of about 2.7 million barrels. Meanwhile, a notable decline by shares of Intel (INTC) limited the upside for the tech-heavy Nasdaq, with the semiconductor giant tumbling by 5.9 percent. The drop by Intel came after the company reported better than expected third quarter results but forecast fourth quarter revenues below analyst estimates. In U.S. economic news, the Commerce Department released a report before the start of trading showing that housing starts unexpectedly tumbled to their lowest level in well over a year in September. The Federal Reserve also released its Beige Book, a compilation of anecdotal evidence on economic conditions in the twelve Fed districts. The Beige Book said economic activity continued to expand during the reporting period from late August to early October, with most districts indicating a modest or moderate pace of expansion. Sector News Among energy stocks, oil service stocks showed a particularly strong move to the upside, resulting in a 2.6 percent jump by the Philadelphia Oil Service Index. Halliburton (HAL) posted a standout gain within the oil service sector after reporting an unexpected third quarter profit. Gold stocks also saw significant strength on the day, with the NYSE Arca Gold Bugs Index surging up by 2.8 percent. The strength in the sector came as gold for December delivery climbed $7 to $1,269.90 an ounce. Considerable strength was also visible among steel stocks, as reflected by the 1.7 percent gain posted by the NYSE Arca Steel Index. The gain lifted the index to a two-month closing high. Airline, banking, and networking stocks also saw notable strength on the day, while some weakness emerged among biotechnology stocks. Other Markets In overseas trading, stock markets across the Asia-Pacific region moved mostly higher on Wednesday. Japan's Nikkei 225 Index edged up by 0.2 percent, while Australia's All Ordinaries Index climbed by 0.5 percent. However, Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index bucked the uptrend and fell by 0.4 percent. Meanwhile, the major European markets moved to the upside on the day after seeing initial weakness. While the German DAX Index inched up by 0.1 percent, the French CAC 40 Index and the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index both rose by 0.3 percent. In the bond market, treasuries showed a lack of direction throughout the session before closing roughly flat. Subsequently, the yield on the benchmark ten-year note, which moves opposite of its price, crept up by less than a basis point to 1.752 percent. Looking Ahead Trading on Thursday may be impacted by some key economic data, including reports on weekly jobless claims, existing home sales, and Philadelphia-area manufacturing activity. On the earnings front, American Express (AXP), eBay (EBAY), and Mattel (MAT) are among the companies releasing their quarterly results after the close of today's trading. American Airlines (AAL), Travelers (TRV), Union Pacific (UNP), and Verizon (VZ) are also due to report their results before the start of trading on Thursday. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America More Commentary -Global European Shares Seen Extending Gains Sensex, Nifty Pare Early Gains Asian Markets In Positive Territory Sensex, Nifty Seeking Rebound After Selloff Higher Open Called For Thai Stock Market Indonesia Stock Market May Snap Losing Streak Additional Support Expected For Hong Kong Shares Renewed Support Tipped For China Bourse Taiwan Stock Market May Snap Losing Streak Singapore Bourse Likely To Crack Resistance At 2,800 Points Malaysia Market May Extend Tuesday's Gains South Korea Shares May Find Traction On Wednesday Stocks Close Mostly Higher Following Upbeat Retail Sales Data - U.S. Commentary Major Averages Remain Mixed In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary European Markets Finish Mostly Higher, But Little Changed Overall <<Previous        58 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Snapchat Parent Confidentially Initiates IPO Process Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates Vodafone Slips To Pre-Tax Loss On Hefty India Charge; Narrows FY View Merck KgaA Lifts FY16 Earnings View As Q3 Results Climb, Stock Up Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Upgrade: Steel Stocks In For Trump Renaissance Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy Facebook Says Stops Allowing Ads To Target Ethnic Groups AAA: Low Gas Prices Drive Spike In Thanksgiving Travel United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Erickson Says Bankruptcy Court Approves Interim DIP Financing Sumitomo Electric Starts Operation Of CPV Power Generation Plant In Morocco Allianz Group Q3 Profit Climbs; Confirms 2016 Operating Profit Outlook NTT H1 Profit Up, Sales Down; Lifts FY Profit View, Cuts Sales Forecast Bechtle Q3 Profit Rises; Outlook For Year Adjusted Upwards Innogy 9-month Profit Declines; Confirms Forecast - Quick Facts SIG 4-Month Revenues Rise, LFL Revenues Down; CEO Stuart Mitchell Steps Down Konami Q2 Profit Rises, Revenues Down - Quick Facts ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Oil, earnings lift Wall St but Intel drags By Reuters Published: 16:21 EST, 19 October 2016 | Updated: 16:21 EST, 19 October 2016 e-mail By Chuck Mikolajczak NEW YORK, Oct 19 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks notched a second straight day of gains on Wednesday, as climbing oil prices lifted the energy sector and earnings from Morgan Stanley provided a boost to financials. Brent crude settled up 1.9 percent and U.S. crude settled up 2.6 percent after touching a 15-month high following a government report that showed a sharp drop in domestic inventories for the sixth week in seven. The energy sector rose 1.4 percent, its biggest gain in seven sessions. A 4.2-percent rise in Halliburton also provided a boost after the world's No.2 oilfield services provider posted third-quarter results. Morgan Stanley gained 1.9 percent after posting a better-than-expected quarterly profit to round out a string of solid results from big U.S. banks. The financial sector has risen in three of the past four sessions for a 1.7 percent advance. "We're up because the (earnings) numbers are so great, the forward guidance is great and the banks just knocked it out of the park," said Ken Polcari, Director of the NYSE floor division at O'Neil Securities in New York. "In the end, this quarter of earnings will not be negative, they will be slightly positive after it is all said and done." A disappointing revenue forecast from Intel capped the advance on Wall Street, however. The chipmaker tumbled 5.9 percent as the biggest drag on each of the three major indexes. The PHLX semiconductor index shed 0.45 percent. With 70 companies in the S&P 500 having reported earnings through Wednesday morning, 80 percent have topped earnings' expectations. Third quarter earnings are now expected to increase 0.5 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S, which would be the first quarter of growth in five. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 40.68 points, or 0.22 percent, to 18,202.62, the S&P 500 gained 4.69 points, or 0.22 percent, to 2,144.29 and the Nasdaq Composite added 2.58 points, or 0.05 percent, to 5,246.41. The U.S. economy showed some signs of rising wage pressures in September and early October but overall compensation growth remained modest, the Federal Reserve said in its Beige Book report. The third and final U.S. presidential debate between Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton is set to begin on Wednesday at 9 p.m. EDT (0100 GMT Thursday). Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.40-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.52-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 10 new 52-week highs and 2 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 62 new highs and 56 new lows. About 5.97 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, below the 6.45 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak; Editing by Frances Kerry and Nick Zieminski) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED 'You need to be there in one hour!' Justin Bieber 'invites six girls to his hotel suite' after placing social media request for female company in Prague 'There's certainly no love lost between them': Laura Whitmore and Giovanni Pernice 'embroiled in backstage feud' before tearful elimination from Strictly Come Dancing My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Fifi Geldof flogs her used make-up online for £2: PR assistant uses website to sell more than 100 items including lipsticks and eyeliners Flogging accessories online via Depop Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'Neither is willing to betray anything intimate': Michael Fassbender and girlfriend Alicia Vikander have agreement not to discuss relationship Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway 'Turn haters into motivators!': Khloe Kardashian whips fans into shape in trailer for new TV series Revenge Body Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  'I think we'd be great together!' Billy Bob Thornton wants to work with ex-wife Angelina Jolie's estranged husband Brad Pitt  Told Playboy he even has a role in mind  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in magical gown at Fantastic Beasts premiere... but is her dress silver or gold? Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Move over Miley! Little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first single Make Me (Cry) Her turn to make her mark on music industry Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> Notebooks Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Smartphones Mobile Intel Google Snapdragon 821 Pixel Motherboards GPUs Asus Home> Notebooks Acer Begins Selling 9.98-mm Swift 7 Kaby Lake Laptop in the U.S.: Starts at $1100 by Anton Shilov on October 19, 2016 3:30 PM EST Posted in Notebooks Acer Intel Swift Kaby Lake 43 Comments | Add A Comment 43 Comments + Add A Comment This week Acer has started to sell its first Swift 7 notebook in the U.S. The black and gold Swift 7 laptop is based on Intel’s Kaby Lake-Y-series CPU, and with an FHD display is the industry’s first clamshell PC that is thinner than one centimeter. The system is available now for $1099 from a number of retailers. The Acer Swift 7 (SF713-51-M90J) comes in a black and gold aluminum unibody to emphasize that the device is one of the premium products in the manufacturer’s lineup. The thickness of the laptop with a 13.3” FHD display covered with Corning Gorilla Glass 4 is 9.98 mm (0.39”), which is thinner than Apple’s MacBook as well as Dell’s Adamo XPS, both of which are renowned for their thin form factors. As for mass, the device weighs 1.12 kilograms (2.48 lbs), which is a tad heavier than the MacBook. Inside the Acer Swift 7 ultra-thin notebook there is an Intel Core i5-7Y54 processor (2C/4T, 1.2GHz/3.2GHz frequency, HD Graphics 615, 4.5 W), 8 GB of LPDDR3 RAM as well as a 256 GB SSD (the manufacturer does not specify whether it is an AHCI or NVMe). The laptop uses an 802.11ac Wi-Fi + BT 4.0 wireless adapter to communicate with the outside world wirelessly. The laptop also has a 720p webcam and two 5 Gbps USB 3.1 Type-C ports to connect peripherals, a display as well as for charging. Moving on to audio sub-system, we see a TRRS connector for headsets as well as two stereo speakers that are Dolby Audio certified. Acer Swift 7   SF713-51-M90J CPU SKU Core i5-7Y54 Base 1.2 GHz  Turbo 3.2 GHz  TDP 4.5 W GPU SKU Intel HD Graphics 615 (GT2) 24 EUs, Gen 9 Base 300 MHz Turbo 950 MHz  DRAM 8 GB LPDDR3 SSD 256 GB Display 13.3-inch 1920x1080 IPS LCD Ports 2 x USB 3.1 (Gen 1) Type-C 3.5mm combo jack Network 2x2:2 802.11ac with BT 4.0 Battery 2770 mAh (52.9 Wh?) Dimensions H: 0.39" W: 12.78" D: 9.04" H: 9.98 mm W: 32.46 cm D: 22.96 cm Weight 2.48 lbs (1.12 kg) Colors Gold and Black Price $1099.99 Since the Swift 7 is powered by Intel’s Kaby Lake, expect significantly improved video encoding/decoding capabilities, better GPU performance, as well as Speed Shift v2 technology. This should make the new machine to be generally faster and snapper than ultra-thin notebooks based on previous-gen CPUs. When it comes to battery life, Acer claims that the Swift 7 (SF713-51-M90J) has a 4-cell Li-Ion battery with 2770 mAh of capacity, which enables it to work for up to nine hours on one charge. Do note however that Acer does not specify conditions or workloads for that number. The Acer Swift 7 (SF713-51-M90J) notebook is available directly from Acer as well as from leading retailers (Amazon, Newegg, etc.) for $1099.99. It comes with a one-year warranty. Finally, keep in mind that Acer plans to release a family of Swift 7 notebooks, as it revealed at IFA. So expect to see further models of the Swift 7, including a more affordable version based on Intel’s Core i3 at $1000, as well as a more advanced system featuring Intel’s Core i7-7Y75 and a higher price. Gallery: Acer Starts to Sell 9.98-cm Thick Swift 7 Kaby Lake Laptop in the U.S.: Starts at $1100 Source: Acer Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 43 Comments View All Comments JoeyJoJo123 - Wednesday, October 19, 2016 - link >muh thinness I wish battery life had the supposed appeal that thinness has today. Reply Mr Perfect - Wednesday, October 19, 2016 - link What's especially irksome is this thinness is exactly what would enable larger batteries. If the internals of this laptop are this tiny, then throw them in a standard thickness case and fill the empty space with a massive battery. Reply Valantar - Thursday, October 20, 2016 - link ...and you'd have a six pound laptop with three-pound performance. Batteries are heavy (and not entirely cheap either). There's a reason why thin-and-lights/ultrabooks seem to have standardized around roughly 50Wh - with current hardware (and decent engineering) it's a decent compromise between longevity and mass. OTOH, I'd gladly have a 1,3kg laptop rather than a 1,1kg laptop if the only difference was 200g more battery. Reply Mr Perfect - Thursday, October 20, 2016 - link Well yes, you'd keep the weight reasonable. Pack in enough battery to get a real day long charge with actual use. Reply t.s - Thursday, October 20, 2016 - link 6 pound? what battery has that kind of weight? Car battery? Hyperbole too much? at last 4.5lbs and you can put like > 120Wh battery in a laptop. For mobile user that not using their notebook for serious work (video editing, 3D rendering, android programming, etc..), 50Wh battery is enough. But for people that tasking much their computer, it's not enough. Reply heffeque - Thursday, October 20, 2016 - link Who said anything about 6 pounds? *confused* Reply trulyuncouth - Saturday, October 22, 2016 - link Valantar said exactly that in the comment he was replying to. Reply damianrobertjones - Thursday, October 20, 2016 - link I remember using an Elitebook, all those years back, that featured a large slice battery and extended standard battery... MAX of 32 hours battery life. I started a video, on loop, but stopped it after 17 hours had passed with more than 50% battery remaining. Reply andychow - Sunday, October 23, 2016 - link I agree with you 100%. My most important criteria for a phone? Battery life. My most important criteria for a laptop? No moving parts and battery life. If you're a mobile person, you don't know when you can recharge or not. Reply MaidoMaido - Wednesday, October 19, 2016 - link I wish fully functional quad core CPU had more appeal than thinness and battery life, but the reality is most laptop buyers don't use demanding applications and the dual core low voltage crap processors are well and good enough for writing papers, checking facebook, emails, Netflix, etc. In my case, I travel frequently, but there is always an AC outlet nearby, so I don't care about battery life, and as long as it is at least 15" display or smaller, under 1.5 inches thick it is portable enough for me. I do need decent quad core CPU for work stuff though, and dedicated graphics in the range of GTX 1060 would be nice. Reply 1 2 3 4 5 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News OnePlus Launches The OnePlus 3T ECS Preps LIVA Z: Apollo Lake-Based Nettop with 4K and USB-C Support Toshiba Finalizes Plans for New 3D NAND Fab: Coming Online in 2019 AKiTiO Introduces Node: Thunderbolt 3 eGFX Box for $299 AMD @ SC16: Radeon Open Compute Platform (ROCm) 1.3 Released, Boltzmann Comes to Fruition ASUS ROG GT51 Desktop: Overclocked i7-6700K, GTX 1080 SLI, 64 GB DDR4, $4999 HTC Announces the HTC Bolt - A Sprint-Exclusive Smartphone for LTE Plus NVIDIA Announces Record Q3 FY 2017 Results Best Android Phones: Holiday 2016 Alienware 13 R3: Quad-Core CPU, GeForce GTX 1060, QHD OLED, VR Ready AOC Launches the AG352QCX: 35-Inch 200 Hz 2560×1080 Curved Display with Adaptive-Sync BenQ Announces the ZOWIE XL2540: 24-Inch 240 Hz Full-HD Display 'for e-Sports' TWEETS RyanSmithAT: @FouzanWasTaken @IanCutress Sorry, I don't have the 460 version. I have the 455 version, the same as the other press RyanSmithAT: Random PS4 observation: most games don't have manuals. Like at all. IanCutress: @wccftechdotcom source? RyanSmithAT: RT @anandtech: Commercial NAS Operating Systems - A Comprehensive Overview of Core Features https://t.co/alP0HFcLqZ IanCutress: @cavemanjim Give us a shout if you've got time for lunch while you're here IanCutress: @tom_forsyth Hits peak efficiency at the dvfs point then duty cycles. OS still sees non dc freq… https://t.co/QCO9Nvvwgc RyanSmithAT: @XxVcVxX We're not able to reply to everyone. But if your app meets our approval, you should hear from us by mid-December RyanSmithAT: @Dafuqizwrong Many of our editors are part time IanCutress: I can't submit an @EE broadband bug report with dashes or parentheses in description. Wow, that's bad XSS/DB security at the expense of UX. IanCutress: If you're paying someone you describe as an expert to star in an advert for your product, how is said person impartial? ganeshts: @mikinho Definitely. For content consumption / tablet use-cases in mobile devices, USB-C ports are sufficient. Not sure about 'Pro' devices ganeshts: @DanMatte Yup,including TB3 ports is a great value-add for any computing system, but we need other ports also for practical purposes ganeshts: No doubt that USB-C is the future, and adoption should be driven up. The Q is - are notebooks having ONLY those por… https://t.co/kgVGy6Tpip ganeshts: .@Krewell Thunderbolt 3's versatility should be complementary to existing ports, not full-blown replacement. Apple's usage not convincing ganeshts: @guspaz @troywolv That is the problem with ISPs that also deliver TV. IPTV / OTT cut into that revenue segment, caps are a counter Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
Trending: 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: Angry at Apple 6 big ideas in digital transformation Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Healthcare, retail industries give blockchain a try Best bookmark managers for Google Chrome Review: BIO-key’s plug-in fingerprint readers for Windows 10 computers More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Security News Flaw in Intel CPUs could help attackers defeat ASLR exploit defense The branch target buffer mechanism in Intel Haswell CPUs can be used to leak ASLR memory addresses More like this Security software that uses 'code hooking' opens the door to hackers Researchers build undetectable rootkit for programmable logic controllers Google beefs up Linux kernel defenses in Android on IDG Answers What does "used com.android.phone" on myactivity.google.com mean? Credit: Thinkstock Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Comments By Lucian Constantin Follow IDG News Service | Oct 19, 2016 11:41 AM PT RELATED TOPICS Security Computer Hardware Computer Processors Application Security Comments A feature in Intel's Haswell CPUs can be abused to reliably defeat an anti-exploitation technology that exists in all major operating systems, researchers have found. The technique, developed by three researchers from State University of New York at Binghamton and the University of California in Riverside, can be used to bypass address space layout randomization (ASLR) and was presented this week at the 49th annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture in Taipei. ASLR is a security mechanism used by operating systems to randomize the memory addresses used by key areas of processes, so that attackers don't know where to inject their exploit shellcode. ASLR is used to prevent memory corruption bugs, such as stack and heap overflows, from arbitrary code execution as opposed to crashes. Once such a vulnerability is exploited, the malicious code needs to be injected at a position in memory where the target process or the OS kernel itself will execute as part of normal operation. In their paper, the three researchers show that the branch target buffer (BTB), a caching mechanism used by the CPU's branch target predictor, can be leveraged to leak ASLR addresses by triggering BTB collisions between different user processes or processes and the kernel. The branch prediction mechanism is used in modern CPUs to optimize performance. "The BTB stores target addresses of recently executed branch instructions, so that those addresses can be obtained directly from a BTB lookup to fetch instructions starting at the target in the next cycle," the researchers explain in their paper. "Since the BTB is shared by several applications executing on the same core, information leakage from one application to another through the BTB side-channel is possible." The researchers demonstrated their BTB-based ASLR bypass on a computer equipped with an Intel Haswell microarchitecture CPU and running a recent Linux kernel (version 4.5). Their attack can reliably recover kernel ASLR using BTB collisions in around 60 milliseconds. The research paper proposes both software and hardware-based mitigations that could prevent BTB-based side-channel attacks in the future or harden current ASLR implementations. Attackers currently have other methods of bypassing ASLR, but they typically require finding additional memory leak vulnerabilities and chaining those together with the original memory corruption flaw. Due to software security improvements in recent years, most remote code execution attacks today require the use of chained exploits. Intel didn't immediately respond to a request for comments. RELATED TOPICS Security Computer Hardware Computer Processors Application Security Lucian Constantin — Romania Correspondent Lucian Constantin is an IDG News Service correspondent. He writes about information security, privacy, and data protection. The latest in IT services? CIO hired guns View Comments You Might Like Join the discussion Be the first to comment on this article. Our Commenting Policies What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by VMware AirWatch Mobile Email Evolution: The Security Mandate Popular Resources White Paper API Use Case White Paper BARC Paper: The Benefits of an Integrated Approach to BI and Planning White Paper Cloud Business Analytics: A Step Closer to Pervasive Adoption of Decision Support Services Video/Webcast Sponsored Data Visualizations for Mobile Users White Paper EMA Research Analytics in the Cloud Go Top Stories 3D printer owners rate the best 14 machines Online user community 3D Hubs has published its third annual 3D Printer Guide for 2017, based on... No, Twitter -- a mute button for hate speech won’t work A mute button for notifications is not much of a step toward curbing online harassment. Twitter needs... The long decline of online freedom According to Freedom House’s 2016 report, freedom on the internet is in its sixth year of decline.... First look: The 13-in MacBook Pro's Touch Bar wows The innovative new Touch Bar in the MacBook Pro brings back something that's been missing from Macs in... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St climbs on oil, earnings; Intel curbs advance By Reuters Published: 14:45 EST, 19 October 2016 | Updated: 14:45 EST, 19 October 2016 e-mail By Chuck Mikolajczak NEW YORK, Oct 19 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were on track for its second straight advance on Wednesday, as a climb in oil prices buoyed the energy sector and earnings from Morgan Stanley helped lift financials. Oil prices were up more than 2 percent, with U.S. crude touching a 15-month high after the government reported a sharp drop in domestic inventories for the sixth week in seven. The energy sector jumped 2 percent, the most in three weeks, with a 5.2 percent rise in Halliburton also providing a boost after the world's No.2 oilfield services provider posted third-quarter results. Morgan Stanley gained 1.8 percent after posting a better-than-expected quarterly profit to round out a string of solid results from big U.S. banks. The financial sector has risen in three of the past four sessions for a 1.8 percent advance. "We've seen earnings kind of trough, we are going to see better earnings and we are going to start to move from the negative overall into the positive this quarter and next," said Jeff Kravetz, regional investment director at the Private Client Reserve at U.S. Bank in Phoenix, Arizona. A disappointing revenue forecast from Intel capped the advance on Wall Street, however. The chipmaker tumbled 6.1 percent as the biggest drag on each of the three major indexes. The PHLX semiconductor index shed 0.45 percent. With 70 companies in the S&P 500 having reported earnings through Wednesday morning, 80 percent have topped earnings' expectations. Analysts now estimate earnings increased 0.5 percent in the third quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S, which would be the first quarter of growth in five. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 70.27 points, or 0.39 percent, to 18,232.21, the S&P 500 gained 7.07 points, or 0.33 percent, to 2,146.67 and the Nasdaq Composite added 5.86 points, or 0.11 percent, to 5,249.70. The U.S. economy showed some signs of rising wage pressures in September and early October but overall compensation growth remained modest, the Federal Reserve said in its Beige Book report. The third and final U.S. presidential debate between Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton is set to begin on Wednesday at 9 p.m. EDT (0100 GMT Thursday). Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 3.13-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.80-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 10 new 52-week highs and 2 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 58 new highs and 48 new lows. (Reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak; Editing by Frances Kerry) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED 'You need to be there in one hour!' Justin Bieber 'invites six girls to his hotel suite' after placing social media request for female company in Prague 'There's certainly no love lost between them': Laura Whitmore and Giovanni Pernice 'embroiled in backstage feud' before tearful elimination from Strictly Come Dancing My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Fifi Geldof flogs her used make-up online for £2: PR assistant uses website to sell more than 100 items including lipsticks and eyeliners Flogging accessories online via Depop Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'Neither is willing to betray anything intimate': Michael Fassbender and girlfriend Alicia Vikander have agreement not to discuss relationship Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway 'Turn haters into motivators!': Khloe Kardashian whips fans into shape in trailer for new TV series Revenge Body Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  'I think we'd be great together!' Billy Bob Thornton wants to work with ex-wife Angelina Jolie's estranged husband Brad Pitt  Told Playboy he even has a role in mind  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in magical gown at Fantastic Beasts premiere... but is her dress silver or gold? Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Move over Miley! Little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first single Make Me (Cry) Her turn to make her mark on music industry Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Attackers turn off critical security system in Intel processors Listen | Print By James Walker     Oct 19, 2016 in Technology A flaw in Intel's processors could allow attackers to bypass security mechanisms and inject malware into code, security researchers have warned. The technique works on almost every operating system and enables more effective software exploits. The researchers behind the discovery developed a bypass for Intel's Address Space Layout Randomization (ASLR) technology on its Haswell series of processors. As Ars Technica reports, the flaw was demonstrated at the IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture in Taipei, Taiwan, on Tuesday. ASLR is a processor-level defence against cyberattacks that attempt to install malware on a computer by exploiting operating system vulnerabilities. When you launch a program on a computer, it's loaded into memory. Traditionally, programs were loaded sequentially, creating predictable patterns that attackers could use to identify running programs and extract data from them. ASLR randomises the locations where code is stored in memory. This prevents malware from working out where data is stored as there is no apparent logic to the contents of any given memory chip. The effect of any successful exploit can be limited to a software crash, as opposed to control of the entire system. The researchers discovered ASLR isn't infallible though. A flaw in Intel's processors makes it possible to bypass the technology. With ASLR effectively turned off, malware becomes much more powerful. Attacks that would usually be stopped by the technology can incur serious consequences. The malware that would usually cause a crash could cause a total system compromise. The flaw was found in the CPU's branch predictor, a system that speeds up memory operations by anticipating where soon-to-be-executed instructions are located. In more relatable terms, the branch predictor is able to realise that if a "folder" of addresses is accessed then the "files" within are likely to be retrieved in the near future. It stores references to these additional memory locations ahead of time, speeding up subsequent operations. The researchers' program is able to use the data stored in the branch predictor's tables to determine the memory addresses where chunks of code are loaded. By causing collisions in the branch predictor that impact the timing of the attacking program, the malware can work out the locations of known branch instructions. Once that information has been obtained, traditional memory modification techniques can be used to inject malicious code into the target program and compromise the system. This can be achieved in "about 60 milliseconds" on real Haswell processors running a recent version of Linux. The attack is also feasible on other operating systems. The researchers said the flaw exemplifies the need for chip manufacturers to take security into account when developing new designs. With ASLR disabled, an attacker could gain control of a victim app or an entire computer. Intel has not publicly commented on the findings. The company told Ars Technica it is "investigating" the research paper though. It is not clear whether it will be able to publish a patch for the issue. More about Intel, Processors, Cpu, Security, Cybersecurity   Intel Processors Cpu Security Cybersecurity exploits Latest News Top News Weapons buried at sea is a major threat to marine life: Study Bioplastic spun by enzyme may replace petro-plastic says MIT Op-Ed: Why Juan Manuel Marquez can't resist talking about Manny Pacquiao US: Renewed Russian strikes in Syria break international law You don't have to log in to use Skype anymore Milan Melindo in crucial 3rd attempt to win a world title fight Poroshenko appeals to Trump for support in phone call Signs of infighting as Trump weighs key posts Report claims that Al-Qaeda leader killed in attack in Libya Canada's Trudeau visits Cuba to reboot ties Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2016 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money By Suing Over Counterfeits, Amazon is Putting Standards Ahead of Short-Term Growth DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Intel Shares Slide on Weak Sales Guidance, Q3 Earnings Miss Shares of the tech giant were slipping after the company said fourth-quarter revenue may lag behind analyst expectations. James Passeri Oct 19, 2016 12:13 PM EDT Intel ( INTC) shares were lower Wednesday after the tech giant said fourth-quarter revenue may lag behind analyst expectations. Intel also said it now expects to see quarterly sales of about $15.7 billion vs. consensus forecasts of $16.1 billion. Meanwhile, third-quarter sales of $15.78 billion clocked in slightly above analyst forecasts of $15.58 billion. Meanwhile earnings also surpassed expectations; earnings of $0.80 a share topped consensus estimates by seven cents. Intel's CEO Brian Krzanich noted that the company has made meaningful progress in developing new technologies that could boost future top-line growth. Employees of TheStreet are restricted from owning individual securities. If you liked this article you might like Jim Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap: Bonds Have Called the Tune for This Market Jim Cramer identifies powerful currents in the markets and how to navigate them. Scott Rutt Nov 15, 2016 8:47 PM EST Why Donald Trump Will Be a 'Mixed Bag' for Tech Investors The election of Donald Trump is clearly a "mixed bag" for technology investors and investment bankers. Gregg Greenberg Nov 15, 2016 10:58 AM EST SBUX, K, PEP: Jim Cramer's Views Cramer shares his views on looking at oil now that the election is over. Starbucks, Kellogg and PepsiCo are among the stocks discussed. Jim Cramer Nov 14, 2016 1:00 AM EST These 5 Large-Cap Stocks Are Breaking Out After Trump's Election Win Here's a technical look at how to trade some of the biggest stocks on Wall Street including Pepsico and Intel. Jonas Elmerraji Nov 13, 2016 11:00 AM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending DryShips Soars 1,500% Amid Epic Short Squeeze With Donald Trump as President, Here's What Will Happen to the U.S. Economy 15 Foods to Avoid if You Have High Cholesterol Jim Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap: Bonds Have Called the Tune for This Market Apple Gets Ten Days to Address Its iPhone 6 And 6S Shutdown Problem In China Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money By Suing Over Counterfeits, Amazon is Putting Standards Ahead of Short-Term Growth DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Jim Cramer: I Would Not Give Up on Intel What Jim Cramer thinks about Intel's latest quarterly results. Jim Cramer Oct 19, 2016 11:44 AM EDT TheStreet's Action Alerts PLUS Portfolio Manager Jim Cramer said investors should read articles by TheStreet's Eric Johnsa, who wrote a comprehensive piece on Intel's (INTC)  latest quarterly results. "I think that Intel was too negative about itself," Cramer said, adding that the company usually has a strong fourth quarter but Intel threw cold water on those expectations, causing investors to sell. "I would not give up on Intel." Intel's fourth quarter revenue guidance missed analysts' estimates. The company reported results after the closing bell on Tuesday. If you liked this article you might like Jim Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap: Bonds Have Called the Tune for This Market Jim Cramer identifies powerful currents in the markets and how to navigate them. Scott Rutt Nov 15, 2016 8:47 PM EST Why Donald Trump Will Be a 'Mixed Bag' for Tech Investors The election of Donald Trump is clearly a "mixed bag" for technology investors and investment bankers. Gregg Greenberg Nov 15, 2016 10:58 AM EST SBUX, K, PEP: Jim Cramer's Views Cramer shares his views on looking at oil now that the election is over. Starbucks, Kellogg and PepsiCo are among the stocks discussed. Jim Cramer Nov 14, 2016 1:00 AM EST These 5 Large-Cap Stocks Are Breaking Out After Trump's Election Win Here's a technical look at how to trade some of the biggest stocks on Wall Street including Pepsico and Intel. Jonas Elmerraji Nov 13, 2016 11:00 AM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending DryShips Soars 1,500% Amid Epic Short Squeeze With Donald Trump as President, Here's What Will Happen to the U.S. Economy 15 Foods to Avoid if You Have High Cholesterol Jim Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap: Bonds Have Called the Tune for This Market Apple Gets Ten Days to Address Its iPhone 6 And 6S Shutdown Problem In China Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Thu, Oct 20, 2016 - Page 11　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Intel Q4 sales might miss estimates on PC doldrums SHRINKING MARKET:Worldwide PC shipments fell 3.9 percent in the third quarter, a smaller drop than the 4.1 percent in the second quarter, a market researcher said Bloomberg Intel Corp gave a disappointing forecast for sales this quarter, signaling lackluster year-end demand for PCs, servers and the chips that run them. Revenue would be US$15.7 billion, with a margin of error of US$500 million, the company said in a statement on Tuesday. Analysts had projected US$15.9 billion, the average of estimates compiled by Bloomberg showed. Intel’s third-quarter sales reached a record, lifted by processor orders from PC makers that decided to shore up their chip supplies ahead of the holiday shopping season. So far, demand has not come surging back, meaning that customers will again pare orders as they work through those stockpiles of chips. The world’s largest semiconductor maker also backed off an annual forecast for double-digit revenue growth in server chips for data centers and corporate networks, its most profitable business. “We’re not going to raise the flag and say everything’s good again,” Intel chief executive officer Brian Krzanich said on a conference call. The company’s third-quarter net income rose to US$3.38 billion, or US$0.69 per share, compared with US$3.11 billion, or US$0.64 per share, in the same period last year. Revenue rose 9.1 percent to US$15.8 billion. Adjusted gross margin widened to 65 percent from 64 percent, Intel said. The company’s client computing group, which sells PC chips, posted third-quarter sales of US$8.89 billion, a gain of 4.5 percent from the same period last year. Demand for PCs will increase in the fourth quarter from the previous three months, in line with normal seasonal gains, the company said. While the PC market is not getting worse, it is still shrinking. Worldwide shipments fell 3.9 percent in the third quarter, market researcher International Data Corp said earlier this month, a smaller drop than the decline of 4.1 percent in the second quarter. Intel’s data-center group, which provides chips used in corporate networks and the large cloud-computing systems run by companies such as Google and Amazon.com Inc, posted revenue of US$4.54 billion, a year-on-year rise of 9.7 percent. The company had set an annual target of double-digit percentage growth for that unit — a prediction it missed in the first half. On Tuesday, Krzanich said the unit would only achieve “high single-digit” percentage sales growth for this year. Large customers who build their own servers have returned to ordering, with sales in the third quarter from cloud customers up 32 percent year-on-year, Intel said. This story has been viewed 1201 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2016-11-09 to 2016-11-16 Most read Most e-mailed 1 EDITORIAL: What Trump means for Taiwan 2 HK lawyers march against NPC ruling 3 Trump triumphs 4 US ELECTION: Taiwanese experts weigh in on Trump 5 China blocks NGO chairman from UN MORE  1 Trump triumphs 2 INTERVIEW: President talks foreign policy in Trump era 3 Trump a chance to change US’ Taiwan policy: ex-official 4 INTERVIEW: President Tsai Ing-wen takes aim at economic growth 5 China blocks NGO chairman from UN MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2016 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Commentary   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Stocks Clinging To Modest Gains Ahead Of Beige Book - U.S. Commentary 10/19/2016 12:00 PM ET A rally by energy stocks is contributing to some strength on Wall Street, although buying interest has remained relatively subdued ahead of the release of the Federal Reserve's Beige Book this afternoon. Currently, the major averages are posting modest gains on the day. The Dow is up 62.29 points or 0.3 percent at 18,224.23, the Nasdaq is up 1.71 points or less than a tenth of a percent at 5,245.54 and the S&P 500 is up 5.26 points or 0.3 percent at 2,144.86. The modest strength on Wall Street comes amid a sharp increase by the price of crude oil, with crude for November delivery surging up $1.41 to $51.70 a barrel. The price of crude oil reached a high of $51.93 a barrel earlier in the session, reflecting its highest level since July of 2015. The jump by the price of oil comes following the release of a report showing an unexpected drop in weekly crude oil inventories. The report from the Energy Information Administration said crude oil inventories slumped by 5.2 million barrels last week compared to expectations for an increase of about 2.7 million barrels. Meanwhile, a notable decline by shares of Intel (INTC) is limiting the upside for the tech-heavy Nasdaq, with the semiconductor giant tumbling by 6.1 percent. The drop by Intel comes after the company reported better than expected third quarter results but forecast fourth quarter revenues below analyst estimates. In U.S. economic news, the Commerce Department released a report before the start of trading showing that housing starts unexpectedly tumbled to their lowest level in well over a year in September. The Federal Reserve is scheduled to release its Beige Book later in the day, potentially shedding some additional light on the outlook for monetary policy. Sector News Among energy stocks, oil service stocks have shown a particularly strong move to the upside, resulting in a 3.2 percent jump by the Philadelphia Oil Service Index. With the gain, the index reached a nearly three-month intraday high. Halliburton (HAL) is posting a standout gain within the oil service sector after reporting an unexpected third quarter profit. Gold stocks are also seeing substantial strength in mid-day trading, with the NYSE Arca Gold Bugs Index surging up by 3.4 percent. The gains by gold stocks come amid an increase by the precious metal, as gold for December delivery is climbing $9.50 to $1,272.40 an ounce. Significant strength is also visible among steel stocks, as reflected by the 2 percent gain being posted by the NYSE Arca Steel Index. The gain has lifted the index to a two-month intraday high. Banking stocks are also seeing notable strength on the day, while most of the other major sectors are showing more modest moves. Other Markets In overseas trading, stock markets across the Asia-Pacific region moved mostly higher on Wednesday. Japan's Nikkei 225 Index edged up by 0.2 percent, while Australia's All Ordinaries Index climbed by 0.5 percent. However, Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index bucked the uptrend and fell by 0.4 percent. Meanwhile, the major European markets moved to the upside on the day after seeing initial weakness. While the German DAX Index inched up by 0.1 percent, the French CAC 40 Index and the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index both rose by 0.3 percent. In the bond market, treasuries have shown a lack of direction after moving higher over the two previous sessions. Subsequently, the yield on the benchmark ten-year note, which moves opposite of its price, is down by less than a basis point at 1.749 percent. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America More Commentary -Global European Shares Seen Extending Gains Sensex, Nifty Pare Early Gains Asian Markets In Positive Territory Sensex, Nifty Seeking Rebound After Selloff Higher Open Called For Thai Stock Market Indonesia Stock Market May Snap Losing Streak Additional Support Expected For Hong Kong Shares Renewed Support Tipped For China Bourse Taiwan Stock Market May Snap Losing Streak Singapore Bourse Likely To Crack Resistance At 2,800 Points Malaysia Market May Extend Tuesday's Gains South Korea Shares May Find Traction On Wednesday Stocks Close Mostly Higher Following Upbeat Retail Sales Data - U.S. Commentary Major Averages Remain Mixed In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary European Markets Finish Mostly Higher, But Little Changed Overall <<Previous        58 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Snapchat Parent Confidentially Initiates IPO Process Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates Vodafone Slips To Pre-Tax Loss On Hefty India Charge; Narrows FY View Merck KgaA Lifts FY16 Earnings View As Q3 Results Climb, Stock Up Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Upgrade: Steel Stocks In For Trump Renaissance Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy Facebook Says Stops Allowing Ads To Target Ethnic Groups AAA: Low Gas Prices Drive Spike In Thanksgiving Travel United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Erickson Says Bankruptcy Court Approves Interim DIP Financing Sumitomo Electric Starts Operation Of CPV Power Generation Plant In Morocco Allianz Group Q3 Profit Climbs; Confirms 2016 Operating Profit Outlook NTT H1 Profit Up, Sales Down; Lifts FY Profit View, Cuts Sales Forecast Bechtle Q3 Profit Rises; Outlook For Year Adjusted Upwards Innogy 9-month Profit Declines; Confirms Forecast - Quick Facts SIG 4-Month Revenues Rise, LFL Revenues Down; CEO Stuart Mitchell Steps Down Konami Q2 Profit Rises, Revenues Down - Quick Facts ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Hot Topics HD BAC Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Trading > Trading Advice > Play the Bullishness on Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) Stock The positive sentiment in Alibaba Group earnings opens opportunities By Joseph Hargett, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Oct 19, 2016, 9:52 am EST     Popular Posts: Monday’s Vital Data: Bank of America Corp (BAC), Facebook Inc (FB) and Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Thursday’s Vital Data: Bank of America Corp (BAC), Apple Inc. (AAPL) and Pfizer Inc. (PFE) ESPN Takes Center Stage Ahead of Walt Disney Co (DIS) Earnings Recent Posts: 2 Post-Trump Trades for Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Earnings Tuesday’s Vital Data: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) and Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) 2 Bullish Trades for Target Corporation (TGT) Stock Earnings View All Posts Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) is expected release its second-quarter earnings report near the middle of next week, and both Wall Street and options traders are leaning heavily bullish on BABA stock ahead of the event. Source: Charles Chan Via Flickr What’s more, options traders are pricing in a post-earnings move of only about 4% for Alibaba stock, which is well below historical levels for the shares, creating an opportunity for an earnings-related options trade. Digging into the numbers, Wall Street is looking for BABA stock to post a profit of 70 cents per share on revenue of $5.08 billion. While Alibaba has previously had trouble meeting expectations, last quarter marked a turnaround that should carry over into next week’s report. Wall Street certainly believes so, as Zacks data highlights 16 buy ratings for BABA, compared to just one hold and no sell ratings. There is room for improvement, however, as the 12-month consensus price target of $114.09 represents a modest premium of only about 9.8% to yesterday’s close. 7 Stocks to Buy That Will Grow by Double Digits Turning to the options pits, we find that speculative traders are just as bullish on BABA stock’s short-term prospects. Currently, the October/November put/call open interest ratio comes in at 0.37, with calls nearly tripling puts among options set to expire within the next two months. This ratio slips to 0.35 when we look at just the weekly October 28 series — i.e. those options most affected by next week’s earnings report. Click to Enlarge As I noted above, weekly October 28 series implieds are only pricing in a potential post-earnings move of about 4.18% — which is historically low for Alibaba stock ahead of earnings. This places the upper bound at $107.66, while the lower bound lies at $99.02 from Tuesday’s close. I would expect a post-earnings rally to push BABA to $110, if not above, while a decline should hold in the $98-$100 region. 2 Trades for BABA Stock Call Spread: With earnings less than a week away, BABA stock is in the process of rebounding off support in the $100 region. This pullback marks an excellent entry point for a long position ahead of earnings. As such, traders looking join the bullish bandwagon might want to consider a Nov $105/$110 bull call spread. At last check, this spread was offered at $1.82, or $182 per pair of contracts. Breakeven lies at $106.82, while a maximum profit of $3.18, or $318 per pair of contracts, is possible if Alibaba stock closes at or above $110 when November options expire. Analysts Could Be Lovin’ McDonald’s Corporation (MCD) Stock Again Soon Put Sell: If you are concerned about broad-market headwinds, then a BABA put sell may be a more neutral path toward profit. At last check, the weekly Oct 28 series $98 put was bid at 33 cents, or $33 per pair of contracts. As long as BABA stock trades above $98 through expiration next Friday, traders pursuing this strategy will keep the $33 premium. However, if BABA trades below $98 ahead of expiration, you could be assigned 100 shares for each contract sold at a price of $98 per share. As of this writing, Joseph Hargett did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. More From InvestorPlace The 10 Best Dividend Stocks for Every Retirement Portfolio 9 Best Stocks to Buy Amid Market Turmoil Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba-stock-bullish/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Best Growth Stocks for 2017 3 Best Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does 3 Stocks for Any Post-Election Volatility Apple Could Launch Apple Glasses by 2018 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Stock Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Stocks to Help You Build a Safe Haven from Post-Election Volatility 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Stock Most Popular Most Commented 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Post-Election Casualty 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is the Hottest Ticket in Town Small Caps Leading the Party in the Markets Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Quietly Set Itself Up for a HUGE Q4 Time to Grab Up Bargains in the Nasdaq 3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX), Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) and Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Trade of the Day: Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) a Buy on the Pullback Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
null
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Stocks rise ahead of Fed's Beige Book; earnings, oil in focus CNBC 10/19/2016 Fred Imbert © REUTERS/Brendan McDermid A trader works on the floor of the NYSE Stocks traded higher on Wednesday, helped by better-than-expected earnings and rising oil prices, as investors braced themselves for a key Federal Reserve data release. The Dow Jones industrial average rose about 53 points, with Goldman Sachs and IBM contributing the most gains to the tune of 15 points and 9 points, respecively. That said, Intel shares dragged on the blue-chips index, shaving off 13 points. Quotes in the article eBay Inc EBAY ▲ 28.49 +0.60 +2.15% Core Laboratories NV CLB ▲ 108.25 +2.32 +2.19% Halliburton Co HAL ▲ 49.76 +1.62 +3.37% American Express Co AXP ▲ 72.47 +0.05 +0.07% The S&P 500 gained 0.2 percent, with energy rising more than 1 percent to lead advancers. The energy sector extended gains after the Energy Information Administration reported a 5.3 million crude oil drawdown. West Texas Intermediate futures for November delivery rose 2.41 percent to $51.50 per barrel. The Nasdaq composite hovered just above the flatline. The Fed is scheduled to release the latest iteration of its so-called Beige Book at 2 p.m. ET, which summarizes economic conditions in the U.S. The report is expected to garner more attention than usual as investors search for more clues about when the central bank will raise interest rates. "Some of the economic news we've gotten has been pretty mixed, but it's been mostly good," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial. Cardillo added he expects the Fed to raise rates in December. Other economic data released Wednesday included housing start and permits for September. Housing starts fell 9 percent last month, but permits spiked 6.3 percent. Also, U.S. mortgage applications rose 0.6 last week, as higher rates did not deter buyers. "The bizarre plunge in multi family starts is inexplicable but the rise in permits says it was an outlier," said Peter Boockvar, chief market analyst at The Lindsey Group, in a note. Elsewhere in the economic calendar, Dallas Fed President Robert Kaplan and New York Fed President William Dudley are both scheduled to speak Wednesday. San Francisco Fed President John Williams also spoke Wednesday, but did not comment on monetary policy. Meanwhile, earnings season carried on Wednesday, with eight of the 13 S&P components that posted results this morning beating Wall Street estimates, according to Nick Raich, CEO of The Earnings Scout. Morgan Stanley, Abbott Labs and BB&T were among the companies that exceeded expectations on both earnings per share and revenue. Morgan Stanley continued the trend of big banks beating forecasts on strong performances from trading. Dow component Intel also reported better-than-expected results Tuesday afternoon, but its stock fell more than 5 percent on light revenue guidance. Companies scheduled to report are eBay, American Express and Mattel, among others. U.S. stock futures traded flat to higher before the bell Wednesday amid the deluge of corporate reports and rising oil prices. Market participants will also keep an eye on the U.S. presidential election, with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump scheduled to hold their third and final debate before the election. Clinton currently hold a double-digit lead over Trump, according to an NBC/ Wall Street Journalpoll released Sunday. "Tonight's debate offers Donald Trump one of his last opportunities to make a dent in the apparently insurmountable lead enjoyed by Hillary Clinton," said Jeremy Klein, chief market strategist at FBN Securities, in a note. "With the former Secretary of State starting to pack her bags for the White House, I doubt that the E-Minis will move much overnight during the broadcast." U.S. Treasurys were mixed, with the two-year note yield lower around 0.81 percent and the 10-year yield higher at 1.75 percent. The U.S. dollar traded flat to lower against a basket of currencies, with the euro near $1.096 and the yen around 103.3. Overseas, European stocks traded mostly higher, with the Stoxx 600 index rising 0.2 percent. In Asia, stocks closed mixed, with the Nikkei 225 rising 0.2 percent and the Hang Seng index falling 0.38 percent. On tap this week: Wednesday Earnings: American Express, Supervalu, Unifirst, Tractor Supply, SLM, Citrix, Canadian Pacific Railroad 1:30 p.m. Dallas Fed President Rob Kaplan 2 p.m. Beige book 7:45 p.m. New York Fed President William Dudley Thursday Earnings: Microsoft, Verizon, Travelers, Union Pacific, Bank of NY Mellon, Walgreens BootsAlliance, Illinois Tool Works, E*Trade, Dunkin Brands,American Airlines, Alaska Airlines, Pulte Group, Fifth Third, KLA-Tencor, Advanced Micro 7:45 a.m. European Central Bank rate decision 8:30 a.m. New York Fed's Dudley welcoming remarks at NY Fed workshop on financial industry 8:30 a.m. Initial claims 8:30 a.m. Philadelphia Fed survey 10 a.m. Existing home sales 4:45 p.m. New York Fed's Dudley closing comments at workshop on financial services Friday Earnings: Daimler, General Electric, Honeywell, McDonald's,Manpower 10:15 a.m. Fed Gov. Daniel Tarullo 2:30 p.m. San Francisco Fed's Williams On tap this week: Wednesday Earnings: American Express, Supervalu, Unifirst, Tractor Supply, SLM, Citrix, Canadian Pacific Railroad 1:30 p.m. Dallas Fed President Rob Kaplan 2 p.m. Beige book 7:45 p.m. New York Fed President William Dudley Thursday Earnings: Microsoft, Verizon, Travelers, Union Pacific, Bank of NY Mellon, Walgreens BootsAlliance, Illinois Tool Works, E*Trade, Dunkin Brands,American Airlines, Alaska Airlines, Pulte Group, Fifth Third, KLA-Tencor, Advanced Micro 7:45 a.m. European Central Bank rate decision 8:30 a.m. New York Fed's Dudley welcoming remarks at NY Fed workshop on financial industry 8:30 a.m. Initial claims 8:30 a.m. Philadelphia Fed survey 10 a.m. Existing home sales 4:45 p.m. New York Fed's Dudley closing comments at workshop on financial services Friday Earnings: Daimler, General Electric, Honeywell, McDonald's,Manpower 10:15 a.m. Fed Gov. Daniel Tarullo 2:30 p.m. San Francisco Fed's Williams Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC CNBC View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
null
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search the BBC Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business selected Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Business selected Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Business Business Rising oil price lifts Wall Street 19 October 2016 From the section Business Share Share this with Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp Linkedin Share this with Linkedin Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-37705702 Read more about sharing. Close share panel Image copyright Reuters (Close): US markets closed higher, with energy stocks lifted by rising oil prices. The Dow Jones rose 40.68 points to 18,202.62 while the wider S&P 500 edged up 4 points to 2,144.29. Oil prices rose over 2% after figures suggested a drop in US stockpiles. Shares in Chevron added 0.5% and Chesapeake Energy climbed 3.1%. The tech-focused Nasdaq rose just 2.6 points to 5,246.41, with Intel down nearly 6% after its latest results. Intel reported better-than-expected third-quarter earnings and revenue, but its shares were hit after its forecast for fourth-quarter revenues fell slightly short of expectations. Intel is predicting revenues of $15.7bn in the quarter, plus or minus $500m, compared with analysts' expectations of $15.86bn. Morgan Stanley shares rose 1.9% after the bank reported a 62% jump in third-quarter earnings to $1.5bn. Like the other major US investment banks, Morgan Stanley's results were boosted by a big increase in bond trading, with revenues from that activity rising to $1.5bn in the quarter from $583m a year earlier. Volumes of bond trading have been strong in recent months, partly due to the UK's vote to leave the EU and also due to speculation about moves in US interest rates. Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp Linkedin Top Stories Black women urged to be breast aware Black women in England are more likely to be diagnosed with advanced breast cancer than white women. 16 November 2016 RSPCA 'should lose prosecution powers' 16 November 2016 Johnson's Brexit vision is 'impossible' 16 November 2016 Features Heroin USA A new epidemic is claiming more lives than guns or car accidents Video 1:14 Casting the net Can social media help catch the cat killer? Video 3:52 My hero How Idris Elba changed my life Somme discovery Graphic first-hand accounts of horrific battle revealed Wrongly convicted 'How I survived 22 years on death row' When the light got in How India cured Leonard Cohen of depression Poo power The firms turning human waste into profit Teach yourself Indian pupils use computers to invent their own lessons News navigation Business Sections Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business selected Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit US Election 2016 Tech Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2016 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse GNC Reported To Be Courted By Chinese Buyers R. Chandrasekaran , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 19, 2016 10:09am   Comments Share: Related GNC Watch These 7 Huge Call Purchases In Tuesday Trade Watch These 7 Huge Call Purchases In Tuesday Trade 2 Of Our Favorite Acquisition Targets Heading Into 2017 (Seeking Alpha) Chinese companies are keen to take advantage of the increasing attention towards vitamin and dietary-supplementary market. As a result, some of the companies are showing interest in GNC Holdings Inc (NYSE: GNC), a specialty retailer focused on health and wellness products. According to a Wall Street Journal report, GNC has recently met with prospective buyers from China. The current market cap of the company is about $1.4 billion and has an estimated debt of close to $1.6 billion. Including the debt, the possible deal could be valued at about $4 billion. Companies' interest in health and wellness products is quite evident from the estimation provided by Euromonitor International Ltd. The firm expects the market for vitamins and dietary supplement to record a 53 percent jump to $28.7 billion in 2021. Chinese firms are showing more interest in Western brands as the people are losing confidence in the local brands following the scandals. Fosun Group and ZZ Capital International Ltd. have reportedly shown interest in GNC Holdings. Several pharmaceutical firms have also indicated their interest,  although it's not clear that such move could lead to the striking of the deal. Following the report, the stock traded up more than 8 percent to at $20.99. Posted-In: News Wall Street Journal Rumors M&A Media Trading Ideas General Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (GNC) Watch These 7 Huge Call Purchases In Tuesday Trade Watch These 7 Huge Call Purchases In Tuesday Trade Watch These 7 Huge Call Purchases In Monday Trade Benzinga's Top Downgrades Vitamin Shoppe Downgraded At JPMorgan As Industry Loses Muscle 20 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Thursday View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on GNC Trending Recent 1 BDC, CETV: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 SAEX, HMNY: DryShips Squeeze Continues, Other Stocks Could Be Following Suit 3 GDX, GLD: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start Rising? 4 DRYS: Several Things To Consider Amid DryShips' Ma... 5 QUOT, FB: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital Br... 6 ESEA, TSRO: 20 Stocks Moving In Tuesday... 7 SPY, GLBS: Iceberg Ahead? The Mas... 1 XLF, JPM: Kevin Kelly's JPMorgan Options Trade 2 EUFS, EURL: An Adventurous Idea Among Europe ETFs 3 HOG: Even Harley-Davidson Is Benefiting From A Trump Presidency 4 ALXN: Alexion's Valuation Could Be Getting Pummeled Unne... 5 TLT: Todd Gordon's 20-Year Treasury Bond Trade 6 TDG: What The Market Is Overlooking In The TransDigm Story 7 BRK-A, BRK-B: Warren Buffett Goes Up Against Delta... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Stocks Hitting 52-Week Highs EUR/USD Trading Lower
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St flat as oil gains offset Intel's drag By Reuters Published: 10:06 EST, 19 October 2016 | Updated: 10:06 EST, 19 October 2016 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan Oct 19 (Reuters) - Wall Street was little changed on Wednesday as gains in energy and financial stocks were offset by a drop in technology shares, led by Intel. Intel fell 4.7 percent, the biggest drag on all three indexes, after the chipmaker's disappointing current-quarter revenue forecast. The news pulled the Philadelphia SE Semiconductor index 1.1 percent lower. Oil prices rose 1.3 percent as the dollar eased and data showed Chinese output dropped while U.S. inventories shrunk. The energy sector's 1.01 percent rise was the most among the 11 major S&P 500 indexes, also boosted by Halliburton's 3 percent jump following its surprise quarterly profit. Morgan Stanley rose 1.7 percent after its quarterly profit and revenue beat consensus estimates, rounding off a strong quarter for big U.S. banks. Fellow investment bank Goldman Sachs was up 1.3 percent. At 9:43 a.m. ET (1343 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 27.46 points, or 0.15 percent, at 18,189.4. The S&P 500 was up 0.22 points, or 0.01 percent, at 2,139.82 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 7.73 points, or 0.15 percent, at 5,236.10. Five of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower. Consumer staples fell the most, by 0.77 percent. The sector was dragged down by tobacco company Reynolds American, which fell 4 percent as its results missed estimates. Through Tuesday, earnings from S&P 500 companies had largely beaten market expectations, putting them on track to post profit growth for the first time in five quarters. Analysts now estimate earnings increased 0.2 percent in the third quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. While investors assess the flood of corporate earnings reports, they also await the Federal Reserve's Beige Book at noon, which will contain commentary on economic health. The third and final U.S. presidential debate between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton starts later in the evening. A Clinton presidency would be more positive for the markets as her positions are more well known than those of Trump, according to a Reuters poll. Among earnings, pipeline operator Kinder Morgan and payments processor American Express will issue results after the close. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,643 to 965. On the Nasdaq, 1,140 issues rose and 1,091 fell. The S&P 500 index showed five new 52-week highs and two new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 16 new highs and 21 new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED 'You need to be there in one hour!' Justin Bieber 'invites six girls to his hotel suite' after placing social media request for female company in Prague 'There's certainly no love lost between them': Laura Whitmore and Giovanni Pernice 'embroiled in backstage feud' before tearful elimination from Strictly Come Dancing My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Fifi Geldof flogs her used make-up online for £2: PR assistant uses website to sell more than 100 items including lipsticks and eyeliners Flogging accessories online via Depop Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'Neither is willing to betray anything intimate': Michael Fassbender and girlfriend Alicia Vikander have agreement not to discuss relationship Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway 'Turn haters into motivators!': Khloe Kardashian whips fans into shape in trailer for new TV series Revenge Body Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  'I think we'd be great together!' Billy Bob Thornton wants to work with ex-wife Angelina Jolie's estranged husband Brad Pitt  Told Playboy he even has a role in mind  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in magical gown at Fantastic Beasts premiere... but is her dress silver or gold? Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Move over Miley! Little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first single Make Me (Cry) Her turn to make her mark on music industry Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Intraday Alerts   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Intel Corp. (INTC) Has Dropped To A 1-Month Low On Weak Q4 Sales Outlook 10/19/2016 9:32 AM ET Intel Corp. (INTC) reported third quarter EPS of $0.80 after the bell Tuesday, compared to $0.66 last year. Revenue rose 9.0% to $15.8 billion from $14.5 billion last year. Street expectations were for EPS of $0.72 and revenues of $15.58 billion. The company expects to report fourth quarter revenues of $15.7 billion. Analysts are expecting revenues of $15.86 billion. Intel has gapped open sharply lower Wednesday morning and is now down 1.77 at $35.98. The stock has dropped to a 1-month low and has fallen below its 50-day moving average. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America Momentum Zebra Technologies Corp. (ZBRA) Has Broken Out After Strong Q3 Report Amplify Snack Brands (BETR) Has Tumbled To An 8-Month Low After Q3 Report Sally Beauty Holdings (SBH) Is Pulling Back After Q4 Revenues Disappoint Dick's Sporting Goods (DKS) Is Down On Weak Q4 Outlook Hollysys Automation Technologies (HOLI) Is Losing Ground After Q1 Report Alarm.com Holdings Inc. (ALRM) Is Falling Despite Strong Q3 Report Tesaro Inc. (TSRO) Is Sinking After Stock Offering United Continental Holdings (UAL) Has Risen To A New High On Buffet Stake Advance Auto Parts (AAP) Is Surging On Stronger Than Expected Q3 Earnings Visteon Corp. (VC) Has Broken Out To A 5-Month High Resource Capital Corp. (RSO) Has Tumbled To A New Low After Q3 Report TransDigm Group Inc. (TDG) Is Losing Ground After Q4 Sales Disappoint Corbus Pharmaceuticals Holdings (CRBP) Is Surging On Phase 2 Study Results Amaya Inc. (AYA) Is Up Sharply After Former CEO Offers To Buy The Company Mentor Graphics Corp. (MENT) Has Jumped To A New High After Bought By Siemens <<Previous        40 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS EU Court Adviser Backs Intel Appeal Over EUR 1.06 Bln Fine Intel Corp. (INTC) Dropped To A 1-Month Low On Weak Q4 Sales Outlook Intel Remains Sharply Lower After Early Decline Intel Q3 Profit Rises - Update Intel Corp. (INTC) Is Losing Ground After Q4 Forecast Disappoints Trade INTC now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Snapchat Parent Confidentially Initiates IPO Process Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates Vodafone Slips To Pre-Tax Loss On Hefty India Charge; Narrows FY View Merck KgaA Lifts FY16 Earnings View As Q3 Results Climb, Stock Up Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Upgrade: Steel Stocks In For Trump Renaissance Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy Facebook Says Stops Allowing Ads To Target Ethnic Groups Novartis Reportedly Considering Sale Of Alcon Eye Care Division United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Erickson Says Bankruptcy Court Approves Interim DIP Financing Sumitomo Electric Starts Operation Of CPV Power Generation Plant In Morocco Allianz Group Q3 Profit Climbs; Confirms 2016 Operating Profit Outlook NTT H1 Profit Up, Sales Down; Lifts FY Profit View, Cuts Sales Forecast Bechtle Q3 Profit Rises; Outlook For Year Adjusted Upwards Innogy 9-month Profit Declines; Confirms Forecast - Quick Facts SIG 4-Month Revenues Rise, LFL Revenues Down; CEO Stuart Mitchell Steps Down Konami Q2 Profit Rises, Revenues Down - Quick Facts ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Intel Delivers A Better Q3 But Guides For A Soft Q4 Manikandan Raman , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 19, 2016 9:24am   Comments Share: Related INTC 3 Stocks To Own Under President Trump Big Tech Is Leading The Stock Market Higher Today China's Semiconductor Investments Are Under Scrutiny - What It Means To Applied Materials (Seeking Alpha) Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC) guided for a soft fourth quarter, despite reporting better-than-expected third-quarter numbers. However, Barclays reiterated its Overweight rating with a price target of $45. Intel reported non-GAAP EPS of $0.80, higher than consensus’ $0.73 and generated revenue of $15.8 billion, also topping Street view of $15.58 billion. However, the company guided fourth-quarter revenue of $15.7 billion + / - $500 million versus consensus of $15.86 billion as the company cut its Enterprise server outlook and added some caution for PCs into year-end. Intel now sees Enterprise down versus flat and expects lower PC demand. “The server miss will likely disappoint but PC declines are slowing and even at the lower rate server are still up double digits in the 2H, which should continue in 2017,” analyst Blayne Curtis wrote in a note. Related Link: Goldman Sachs Concerned About Intel's Lack Of Growht, PC Business In addition, Intel expects a decline in non-GAAP gross margin to 63 percent and operating costs is expected slightly higher Q/Q ($5.2 billion). This implies proforma EPS of $0.73 slightly below consensus $0.77. “A disappointment given our recent upgrade, but the thesis is unchanged as we still see this as an improving growth story as PCs become the minority of revenue and servers still grow even with a down Enterprise market,” Curtis continued. To reflect weak fourth-quarter guide, Curtis trimmed expectations for CY16 revenue/EPS to $58.73 billion/$2.66 (prior $59.14 billion/$2.65), and CY17 moves to $61.86 billion/$2.83 (prior $62.36 billion/$2.93). Shares of Intel closed Tuesday’s trading at $37.75. In the pre-market hours Wednesday, the stock fell 4.85 percent to $35.92. Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Latest Ratings for INTC Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Charter Equity Upgrades Market Perform Buy Oct 2016 Deutsche Bank Maintains Buy Oct 2016 Nomura Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for INTC View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Earnings Long Ideas News Guidance Price Target Reiteration Analyst Ratings Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (INTC) 3 Stocks To Own Under President Trump Big Tech Is Leading The Stock Market Higher Today Wall Street's M&A Chatter From Thursday, November 3 Benzinga's M&A Chatter for Tuesday November 1, 2016 Apple's New MacBook Specs Take On Top Competitors Tech Earnings Reflect Conscious Attempts At Circumventing Headwinds View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on INTC Trending Recent 1 PBR, BDC: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 GLD, NUGT: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start Rising? 3 EA, SSTK: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital Breaks Down Trum... 4 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side Sentiment 5 DVAX: Dynavax Shares Plunge 70% Amid Complete Respons... 6 FB, RGR: The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of... 7 NVDA, TSLA: Vetr Crowd Downgrades NVIDIA A... 1 Economic Data Scheduled For Tuesday 2 CAR: Avis Budget, Didi Chuxing Establish Global Strategic Partnership 3 KLIC, VOD: Earnings Scheduled For November 15, 2016 4 SCTY, V: Watch These 7 Huge Put Purchases In Tuesday Trade 5 WFM, JCP: Watch These 7 Huge Call Purchases In Tuesday Trade 6 INDL, PIN: Indian Markets Open Lower; BSE Sensex Down O... 7 FXI, GXC: China Markets Down; Yuan Drops To Ne... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Live Cattle Futures Trading Lower Imperva Shares Plunge Below $40 Amid Sale Concerns
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Goldman Sachs Concerned About Intel's Lack Of Growth, PC Business Jim Swanson , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 19, 2016 8:25am   Comments Share: Related INTC 3 Stocks To Own Under President Trump Big Tech Is Leading The Stock Market Higher Today George Soros Buys Oil, Emerging Markets and 'Old Tech' in 'rd Quarter (GuruFocus) Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC) reported its Q3:16 results with a mild beat to expectations, while issuing its Q4:16 guidance below the consensus forecasts. Goldman Sachs’ Toshiya Hari maintains a Neutral rating on the company, while lowering the price target from $39 to $36. Disappointing Guidance For Q3:16, Intel reported revenue of 15,779 million, 1 percent above the consensus and estimate, with GAAP EPS of $0.69, which was ahead of the consensus but in line with the estimate. The company guided to a revenue decline of 0.5 percent quarter on quarter for Q4:16, with gross margin decline of 230 bps quarter on quarter to 61 percent. On The Sidelines Hari prefers to remain on the sidelines following the disappointing growth in the Data Center Group (DCG) and “lack of conviction on 2017 PC trends.” The analyst expressed concern regarding the continued weakness in the enterprise segment, mentioning that while DCG accelerated to 10 percent year-on-year growth in Q3, Intel lowered its full-year guidance to high-single-digit growth, from the earlier low-double-digit growth, citing enterprise headwinds. Related Link: Intel's Q4 Guidance Is Conservative “Growth in comms and cloud service provider remained strong, but we believe continued sluggishness in enterprise could weigh on broader DCG relative to Street expectations,” Hari stated. The analyst also expressed concern regarding uncertainty regarding PC end market demand, pointing to the company’s below seasonal guidance for Q4 and management commentary. “We continue to look for sustained evidence of better underlying PC demand before turning more positive,” Hari added. Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Latest Ratings for INTC Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Charter Equity Upgrades Market Perform Buy Oct 2016 Deutsche Bank Maintains Buy Oct 2016 Nomura Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for INTC View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Earnings News Guidance Price Target Reiteration Analyst Ratings Tech Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (INTC) 3 Stocks To Own Under President Trump Big Tech Is Leading The Stock Market Higher Today Wall Street's M&A Chatter From Thursday, November 3 Benzinga's M&A Chatter for Tuesday November 1, 2016 Apple's New MacBook Specs Take On Top Competitors Tech Earnings Reflect Conscious Attempts At Circumventing Headwinds View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Benzinga Sign up for email alerts on INTC Trending Recent 1 SAEX, HMNY: DryShips Squeeze Continues, Other Stocks Could Be Following Suit 2 HAR, MENT: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 3 DRYS: Several Things To Consider Amid DryShips' Massive 80... 4 GLD, GDX: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start Rising? 5 SSTK, AMZN: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital... 6 SPY, EGLE: Iceberg Ahead? The Massive Ral... 7 AAP, KNDI: 20 Stocks Moving In T... 1 FSLR, POST: Watch These 7 Huge Call Purchases In Wednesday Trade 2 INDL, PIN: Indian Markets Open Higher; Sensex Up 150 Points 3 FXI, GXC: China Stock Markets Trade Mixed 4 EWJ, EPP: Japanese Markets Gain; Nikkei Up 200 Points 5 XLF, JPM: Kevin Kelly's JPMorgan Options Trade 6 EUFS, EURL: An Adventurous Idea Among E... 7 HOG: Even Harley-Davidson Is... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Abbott Posts Slight Q3 Beat, Narrows Outlook 16 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse BMO On Intel's Q3:'We Still Aren't Fans Of The Stock' Monica Gerson , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 19, 2016 8:41am   Comments Share: Related INTC 3 Stocks To Own Under President Trump Big Tech Is Leading The Stock Market Higher Today China's Semiconductor Investments Are Under Scrutiny - What It Means To Applied Materials (Seeking Alpha) Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC) has once again lowered the 2016 outlook for its DCG business. While expressing concern regarding the company’s ability to hit the DCG target, BMO Capital Markets’ Ambrish Srivastava said in a report that ASPs in DCG had continued to deteriorate, “missing what we thought was Intel’s expectation for a reversal in 3Q.” Analyst Srivastava maintained a Market Perform rating on the company, with a price target of $34. DCG Outlook Lowered Intel now expects the DCG segment to generate high-singly-digit growth versus its prior projection of low-double-digit growth, which had already been lowered once. For the past four quarters, ASPs have been in the negative territory and recorded a 3 percent y/y decline in the latest quarter, versus a 1 percent decline in the prior quarter, Srivastava pointed out. The EPS estimates for 2016 and 2017 have been reduced from $2.08 to $2.02 and from $2.86 to $2.66, respectively. The reduction in estimates reflects lower revenues and dilution from the pending Intel Security Group transaction, the analyst noted. Disappointing Guidance Intel reported its Q3 results ahead of expectations, with revenue of $15.8 billion, versus consensus expectation of $15.6 billion. EPS came in at $0.69, beating the consensus expectation of $0.67. The company projected sequentially flat revenue, versus consensus expectation of 2 percent growth. Despite beating GM expectations in Q3, Intel guided to GM of 61 percent for Q4, versus the BMO estimate of 62 percent. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Latest Ratings for INTC Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Charter Equity Upgrades Market Perform Buy Oct 2016 Deutsche Bank Maintains Buy Oct 2016 Nomura Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for INTC View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Ambrish Srivastava BMO Capital MarketsAnalyst Color Reiteration Analyst Ratings © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (INTC) 3 Stocks To Own Under President Trump Big Tech Is Leading The Stock Market Higher Today Wall Street's M&A Chatter From Thursday, November 3 Benzinga's M&A Chatter for Tuesday November 1, 2016 Apple's New MacBook Specs Take On Top Competitors Tech Earnings Reflect Conscious Attempts At Circumventing Headwinds View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Benzinga Sign up for email alerts on INTC Trending Recent 1 DVAX, CRBP: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 GLD, GDX: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start Rising? 3 QUOT, LNKD: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital Breaks Down T... 4 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side S... 5 DVAX: Dynavax Shares Plunge 70% Amid Complete Resp... 6 BAC, PG: The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple... 7 NVDA, TSLA: Vetr Crowd Downgrades NVIDI... 1 SCTY, MCD: Watch These 7 Huge Put Purchases In Tuesday Trade 2 ZNGA, FL: Watch These 7 Huge Call Purchases In Tuesday Trade 3 PIN, INDL: Indian Markets Open Lower; BSE Sensex Down Over 400 Points 4 GXC, FXI: China Markets Down; Yuan Drops To Near Eight-Y... 5 EWJ, EPP: Japanese Stock Markets Edge Higher 6 AYA, SYMC: Wall Street's M&A Ch... 7 GILD, MRK: Gilead Responds To C... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products U.S. Dollar Index Little Changed, Housing Starts Fall #YouveBeenServed: Courts Considering Requests To Serve Divorce Papers Via Social Media
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics HD BAC Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Sell > 5 Tech Stocks That Will Be Obsolete by 2020 Some tech stocks shrink until they're discount buyout bait, while others just go extinct. Either way, these stocks are best avoided and sold. Jul 19, 2016, 2:52 pm EST  |  By Tom Taulli, InvestorPlace Writer & IPO Playbook Editor     View All   “Only the paranoid survive.” That was a mantra of former Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) CEO Andrew Grove, who certainly knew that tech stocks could easily become obsolete. After all, he saw it happen plenty during his time to companies such as Digital Equipment and Wang Laboratories. If anything, today’s competitive environment is probably even more severe, especially thanks to the gobs of venture capital sloshing around the world. That makes life tough for investors who focus on tech stocks. Sure, just about every tech company should have one eye over its shoulder, but some tech stocks are more at risk of becoming obsolete than others. I’ve put together a list of five such tech stocks that could be in jeopardy, but a word of warning first: This isn’t a suggestion that you should rush to short these stocks. Something to keep in mind is that even struggling tech stocks can provide gains for investors who get in at the right moment, and they can rack up losses for investors who go bearish at the wrong time. All it takes is one company with a big cash hoard to turn a train wreck of a stock into a big pop — which equals big pain for the shorts. 10 Stocks That Will Hold Back Your Retirement Instead, if you just have dry powder to use, you should merely avoid these duds, and if you own any of these tech stocks, you should seriously consider bailing before things get worse. Here they are, in no particular order: Next Page   1 2 3 4 5 6 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/07/5-tech-stocks-will-be-obsolete-2020/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Best Growth Stocks for 2017 3 Best Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does 3 Stocks for Any Post-Election Volatility Apple Could Launch Apple Glasses by 2018 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Stock Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Stocks to Help You Build a Safe Haven from Post-Election Volatility 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Stock Most Popular Most Commented 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Post-Election Casualty 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is the Hottest Ticket in Town Small Caps Leading the Party in the Markets Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Quietly Set Itself Up for a HUGE Q4 Time to Grab Up Bargains in the Nasdaq 3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX), Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) and Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Trade of the Day: Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) a Buy on the Pullback Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Intel's Q4 Guidance Is Conservative Manikandan Raman , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 19, 2016 8:12am   Comments Share: Brean Capital believes Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC)’s fourth quarter outlook is conservative after an inventory restocking in the PC supply chain led the chip giant to report better-than-expected third-quarter results. Intel reported non-GAAP EPS of $0.80, higher than consensus’ $0.72 and generated revenue of $15.8 billion, also topping Street view of $15.6 billion. Catalysts For A More Robust Q4 However, the company guided fourth quarter revenue of $15.7 billion + / - $500 million versus consensus of $15.8 billion. The mid-point of the revenue guide suggests a slight sequential decline versus normal seasonality, which is low single digits. Related Link: Intel's Risk/Reward Is No Good, According To Citi In addition, Intel expects a decline in non-GAAP gross margin due to a ramp in 3D NAND products in Dalian, China and higher factory start-up costs on 10nm CPU products. “OPEX for the Dec-16Q is expected to increase slightly Q/Q and netting this out, this equates to an EPS guide of ~$0.73 vs. Street at $0.76,” analyst Mike Burton wrote in a note. Burton believes Intel took a conservative approach with respect to its fourth-quarter guidance due to the new CFO appointment and difficulty in predicting quarterly revenues after a strong third quarter. “Despite the revenue guidance that was below our and Street estimates, we are still constructive on Intel and we are sticking with our longer term view that Intel is positioned well from an OPEX point of view, as we believe the company has OPEX levers to be realized as its restructuring story plays out into 2017,” Burton highlighted. In fact, Intel increased its restructuring and other charges forecast by $700 million. As such, Burton reiterated his Buy rating and target price of $40 on the shares of Intel, which closed Tuesday’s trading at $37.75. In the pre-market hours, the stock fell 4.77 percent to $35.95. Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Posted-In: Analyst Color Earnings News Guidance Price Target Reiteration Analyst Ratings Tech Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (INTC) 3 Stocks To Own Under President Trump Big Tech Is Leading The Stock Market Higher Today Wall Street's M&A Chatter From Thursday, November 3 Benzinga's M&A Chatter for Tuesday November 1, 2016 Apple's New MacBook Specs Take On Top Competitors Tech Earnings Reflect Conscious Attempts At Circumventing Headwinds View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Trending Recent 1 HMNY, DRYS: DryShips Squeeze Continues, Other Stocks Could Be Following Suit 2 MTL, CXRX: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 3 DRYS: Several Things To Consider Amid DryShips' Massive 80... 4 DUST, GLD: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start R... 5 QUOT, ZNGA: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital... 6 EGLE, GLBS: Iceberg Ahead? The Massive R... 7 SSYS, GIII: 20 Stocks Moving I... 1 GXC, FXI: China Stock Markets Trade Mixed 2 EPP, EWJ: Japanese Markets Gain; Nikkei Up 200 Points 3 JPM, XLF: Kevin Kelly's JPMorgan Options Trade 4 EURL, EUFS: An Adventurous Idea Among Europe ETFs 5 HOG: Even Harley-Davidson Is Benefiting From A T... 6 ALXN: Alexion's Valuation Could Be Getti... 7 TLT: Todd Gordon's 20-Year Treasury... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products SunTrust Warns Of 'Broad Based Slowdown' In Cruise Pricing During September Twitter M&A Potential Puts A Floor On The Price; Stock Gets Upgrade
Tuesday November 15 2016 11:22 pm     Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here     Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Intel tops 3Q forecast but shares fall on sales outlook October 19, 2016, 05:00 AM The Associated Press SANTA CLARA — Intel Corp. on Tuesday slid in after-hours trading after the chipmaker issued downbeat guidance for the current quarter. The Santa Clara-based company earned $3.38 billion, or 69 cents, during its third quarter. Earnings, adjusted for one-time gains and costs, were 80 cents per share. The results exceeded Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of 16 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of 73 cents per share. A year earlier, Intel earned $3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share. The world’s largest chipmaker posted revenue of $15.78 billion in the period ended Oct. 1, also exceeding Street forecasts. Fifteen analysts surveyed by Zacks expected $15.55 billion. That’s up 9 percent from last year’s $14.47 billion. The company said it posted “record” revenue in its data center group and internet of things group. “These results show Intel’s continuing transformation to a company that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected devices,” Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO, said in a statement. For the current quarter ending in December, Intel said it expects revenue in the range of $15.2 billion to $16.2 billion. Analysts surveyed by data provider FactSet had expected revenue of $15.87 billion, higher than the midpoint of Intel’s guidance. Intel shares fell 5.7 percent in after-hours trading, to $35.59. The stock had climbed roughly 10 percent since the beginning of the year, outpacing the 5 percent gain of the Standard & Poor’s 500 index.     Tags: billion, intel, revenue, cents, percent, company, Other stories from today: Intel tops 3Q forecast but shares fall on sales outlook Robot pilots may someday fly passenger and cargo planes Yahoo stumbles again in 3Q, raising stakes on Verizon deal     Print this Page  |  << Back   Return To Archives            Daily Journal Quick Poll   In six months, the economy will be ... Much better Better The same Worse Much worse                       Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2016 San Mateo Daily Journal San Mateo County election results  
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe U.S. Stocks Rise Amid Earnings as Oil Rally Lifts Energy Shares Rebecca Spalding @rcurtisspalding John Hyland JP_Hyland October 19, 2016 — 6:19 AM EDT Updated on October 19, 2016 — 11:37 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp The 'Stealth Bear Market' Hiding in the S&P 500 Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp U.S. stocks headed toward the first back-to-back gains in almost two weeks, with energy producers rallying as crude oil touched a 15-month high and banks gained amid better-than forecast earnings. Data showing a surprise drop in crude supplies snapped equities out of an early spell of listless trading, sending oil and gas companies to their strongest gains this month and boosting optimism that the drag on profits from the energy group will abate. Comerica Inc. rose 2.8 percent to lead a surge by banks after the lender’s quarterly profit beat estimates. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. climbed for a second day post-earnings, stretching its nine-month high. Chevron Corp. jumped 1.4 percent as crude rose 3 percent. The S&P 500 added 0.2 percent to 2,144.27 at 11:36 a.m. in New York, after yesterday rising the most in two weeks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 55.85 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,217.79. The Nasdaq Composite Index was little changed, as Intel Corp.’s disappointing sales outlook led chipmakers lower. “We did get a number of earnings so that will continue to be the focus,” said Yousef Abbasi, a global market strategist at JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC. “Maybe we could have some momentum behind financials today. It has been a market that has lacked leadership to a certain extent, so we’re looking to financials and energy.” The earnings season is picking up pace amid a mood of political and economic uncertainty, with the next Federal Reserve meeting and the U.S. presidential election just three weeks away. The S&P 500 oscillated between daily gains and losses for six straight sessions since Alcoa Inc.’s results, its worst bout of indecision in the reporting period in 16 years. Corporate reports had earlier provided little direction, with gains in Morgan Stanley and Halliburton Co. on better-than-estimated results offset as Intel fell the most in nine months after its revenue forecast for the current quarter signaled lackluster year-end demand. Cigarette maker Reynolds American Inc. sank to the lowest since January after its profit missed predictions. Assurant Inc., the insurer that sells coverage protecting mobile phones and homes, lost 6.3 percent, the most in the S&P 500, after its profit slumped. Among other shares moving on earnings news: Yahoo! Inc. rose 2.4 percent after its quarterly profit topped estimates, a rare bit of good news after a large-scale hack of user data was disclosed last month that could threaten the purchase of the company’s main web assets by Verizon Communications Inc. LED maker Cree Inc. tumbled 11 percent to a five-month low after its profit missed analysts’ forecasts and the company’s revenue outlook for the current quarter was also below predictions. Abbott Laboratories lost 2.3 percent to its worst level since July. The health-care products maker posted a surprise net loss after the value of its stake in EpiPen maker Mylan NV slumped. Ahead of the third and final presidential debate, a Bloomberg Politics national poll showed a nine-point lead for Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton over Republican Donald Trump. A Trump could prompt declines in equities, Citigroup Inc. has said. “The biggest surprise would be anything positive coming from the debate for candidate Trump,” said Michael James, managing director of equity trading at Wedbush Securities Inc. in Los Angeles. “That would be the biggest potential surprise tomorrow, if he does or says anything this evening that might potentially lead to an increased likelihood of him winning the election, which I think would be a net negative for the market.” Traders are betting it’s unlikely the Fed will raise rates at its November meeting just days before the vote, while they price in a 63 percent chance of a hike in December, down from 68 percent a week ago. With investors seeking clues on the trajectory of Fed rate increases, a report today showed new-home construction unexpectedly fell in September, while permits rose more than forecast. The central bank’s Beige Book survey of regional conditions is due this afternoon. With Wednesday’s advance, the S&P 500 further trimmed its third consecutive monthly decline, and its first October slide since 2012. The gauge closed Tuesday 2.3 percent below an all-time high reached in August. While only about a 10th of the S&P 500 members have reported results so far, they are showing signs that companies may break a five-quarter streak of declining profits. Almost 80 percent beat earnings expectations, while 69 percent topped sales projections, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Kinder Morgan Inc. and EBay Inc. are also among 25 S&P 500 Index members due to report today. “We’re really at the point where caution is close to the surface,” said Ken Odeluga, a London-based market analyst at brokerage City Index. “We’re in the earnings season and every day we’ve got names that risk upsetting the day’s rally. There’s a little bit of risk-off sentiment as investors wait for the end of this earnings season, the outcome of the elections and the Fed’s rate decision.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Video Stories Stocks Earnings Energy Oil S&P 500 Index Dow Jones Industrial Average NASDAQ Composite Index Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
null
Top navigation Login Register Basket About Us About Us Contact Us Advertise Writers Andrew Wooden Jonathan Easton Sophia Murray Sarah Goldhawk Gurpreet Purewal NewBay Network Audio Pro International BikeBiz Develop Develop 100 Studios Installation Licensing.biz MCV UK MCV Pacific MI Pro Music Week PCR PSNEurope Sourcebook ToyNews TVBEurope Partners Google Double Click McCormack & Morrison Regenology Sarsen Yudu Comscore ABC PPA PC Retail Online Print Digital Email Mobile Main navigation Home News New Gear Events Reports Print Digital HOT TOPICS Retail Distribution Vendors Opinion Interviews Analysis Security Sector Spotlight 2016 Boot Camp North Appointments IT Channel Expert < > It is now a criminal offence to ... Twitter looks out of buyers Tech distributor Profiles 2016 Monday, October 17th 2016 at 10:40AM Print this page Email Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Google Share on LinkedIn The market is full of many tech distributors who cater to all sorts of different needs. As a result, it can be difficult for resellers to pinpoint the best supplier for their needs. PCR rounds up some of the different disties and the services they offer.   Tech Data Contact: 01256 788 000 techdata.co.uk Advertisement Tech Data says it offers its customers specialist support in key areas of the market, underpinned by exceptional product choice with more than 30,000 stock items from over 150 manufacturers available for next-day delivery.  Its vendor portfolio covers a wide range of technology across AV, components, consumer electronics, enterprise, mobile, networking, PC systems, print, software and supplies.  The firm says businesses rely on Tech Data and its collection of specialists to provide sales and technical advice – and to deliver the products they need to meet their customers’ requirements.   Westcoast Contact: 0118 912 6000 westcoast.co.uk Westcoast is the innovative & fast growing £1.5bn specialist UK independent distributor that has over 30 years’ experience of developing and operating a class leading range of specialist services that provide service excellence, exceptional value and commercial advantage for Vendors, Resellers and Retailers. The company is an expert in innovative, low cost distribution and successful go-to market strategies. Distributing a wide portfolio of vendor products, Westcoast offers high quality and 100% genuine print, scan and supplies products.  Notably, two key acquisitions this year have opened up new opportunities for Westcoast’s partners and strengthened the company’s skills across 3D printing with ArtSystem. Westcoast France now provides an excellent base to continue to grow our European supplies business.   VIP Contact: 0192 528 6900 vip-computers.com/uk Based in Warrington, VIP is one of the UK’s largest independent distributors of PC components, gaming peripherals and IT products. The company says is has been at the heart of the IT distribution channel for 25 years, and its company motto of ‘Delivering Value in Distribution’ emphasises its focus on adding value across each and every stage of the order process.VIP’s portfolio is packed with a wide range vendors including AMD, AOC, ASUS, BenQ, Corsair, EVGA, Gigabyte, Intel, MSI, Nvidia, Palit, Razer and Sapphire, amongst others. The firm also says that it is one of the UK’s leading PC gaming hardware distributors with some of the best known gaming hardware brands amongst its line-up.   M2M Direct  Contact: 0208 676 6067 m2m-direct.co.uk M2M was founded in 1998 as a specialist memory and storage distributor working directly with world-class manufacturers and suppliers such as Samsung Semi-Conductor and Samsung Electronics, Micron Electronics (Crucial Technology and Lexar) and SK Hynix.  The distributor also boasts a compressive product line, including memory modules, portable media, solid state drives, hard drives, optical drives, processors, graphics cards, flash memory drives and enterprise server products. The company recently announced the launch of a new enterprise division, focusing on factors including analytics, big data, InMemory databases, application performance monitoring and acceleration and seismic analysis.   Centerprise Contact: 01256 378000 centerprise.co.uk Centerprise Distribution was originally created 20 years ago, as a division of Centerprise International, the Basingstoke-based IT solutions provider.  The division specialises in the distribution of ruggedised hardware and has grown since its conception. A strong partnership with Panasonic has contributed to this success, making Centerprise Distribution one of the largest UK distributors of Panasonic Toughbooks and Toughpads. Centerprise Distribution also supplies a range of rugged hardware to IT resellers across the UK.   Hama Contact: 0333 123 4262 uk.hama.com Founded in 1990 as a distributor of photo accessories, Hama UK has been providing high-quality products to the UK market for over 25 years, successfully branching out into new areas such as AV, optics, computer accessories, home decor and white goods. Part of Europe’s largest accessory group and with newly refined logistical operations based out of Belgium, Hama UK are currently able to offer an extensive range of over 9,500 lines to retailers and trade customers across the country for the complete one-stop smart solution.   The past 12 months saw Hama move from its UK warehouse to the state-of-the-art Hama Belgium facility in the latter half of 2015. This allowed the streamlining of the order and dispatch process in addition to drastically improving stock availability and range. The company has also successfully recruited 3 new Regional Sales Managers to our on-the-road sales team during the year in a drive to further improve its services to independent retailers nationwide. This was followed by the relocation of the UK Headquarters in June 2016 to new, modern offices with expansive showroom.   Peak Development Contact: 0148 979 6979 peak-uk.com  Peak Development (Peak) has been established for over 20 years with a trusted reputation in the distribution of high quality accessories. It deals with a focused range of vendors from global brands such as SanDisk, Sony and Sennheiser to niche brands like wearables specialist Lifetrak and a value range from Bitmore.  Peak believes that its willingness to work hard for retailers to make the most of all the products it sells sets it apart.  The company doesn’t deal with hundreds and hundreds of vendors, so each brand gets real focus and each customer gets to deal with a genuine brand specialist. The last 12 months have been a busy time for Peak Development which has seen some new faces join the team, such as new business development manager Mark Haddleton and product manager Lauren Curtis. The company has also brought on some new Vendors such as Defunc, Acme and Lifetrak. Peak has invested heavily in the Bitmore VR Eye Virtual Reality headset which it says has been a really exciting product to develop. VR Eye sees Peak expanding into new technologies and new categories, giving the company great optimism as to what it can achieve in 2017.    Entatech  Contact: 0333 101 1000 entaonline.com Celebrating over 25 years in business, Entatech is a 100% trade only UK distributor focusing on four key areas: PC Components & gaming, networking and connected home, systems and peripherals, and software and solutions. Although not a broad line distributor, the company is a specialist within the areas in which we operate and are dedicated to supporting our customer base. Entatech currently partners with 75 manufacturers, including Microsoft, Intel and Corsair and boasts a portfolio of over 12,000 products. Entatech supplies innovative products at competitive prices, accompanied by a friendly approach and an award winning sales team The last 12 months have been exciting for Entatech with new service introductions and the launch of the new version of the company’s e-commerce website, Entaonline.com, which has been 2 years in the making. The new platform has been designed with simplicity, ease of use and a seamless purchasing experience in mind for customers, whilst also offering the same great price you receive from your dedicated Account Manager.  In addition to its new e-commerce platform Entatech has also launched PC Retour, the company’s Microsoft certified refurbished hardware and devices offering. This brand provides customers with a new revenue stream with fantastic margin opportunities.   Exertis  Contact: 0125 670 7070 exertis.co.uk Exertis is one of Europe’s largest and fastest growing technology distribution and specialist service providers.  We partner with 360 global technology brands and over 28,850 resellers and retailers across Europe. In our most recent financial year to 31st March 2016, Exertis had a turnover of £2.44 billion (EUR 3.17 billion). The Exertis group’s scale, knowledge and experience in the technology sector and complete end-to-end product portfolio, enables us to deliver innovative solutions and market leading services for our partners, across Supply Chain Services, Sales & Distribution, Marketing, PR and Digital services.   During the past year Exertis has strengthened its Gaming proposition across PC Gaming, consoles and VR, providing new opportunity for all retailers. Smart Tech is now mainstream and Exertis’ investment in education and category management has enabled many retailers to be at the forefront of this growth area. New brands added to the company’s gaming portfolio means that Exertis is the pre-eminent distributor for console and PC gaming, supplying hardware, titles, software, accessories and component upgrades for every conceivable need. VR has taken centre stage and Exertis is well positioned to service and help grow this nascent market, and finally, many retailers (independents and multiples) wishing to transition from physical to digital sales instore have engaged with Exertis and its digital download technology, POS and support services.   Smithie Distribution  Contact: 0125 684 4028 smithieuk.com Smithie UK was established in 2003 and has since grown to become a highly successful, brand dedicated IT distributor, with a sales force boasting over 40 years combined experience. Diversification has seen them also become a dominant force in the LED lighting market, offering complete solutions, from initial design layouts through to specification and supply of high quality, energy efficient LED lights. The company has also recently announced that it has been appointed as the distributor for ASUS optical disc drive (ODD) products to the UK channel. Commenting on the appointment, ASUS UK Country Manager OPBG, Jonathan Parmar, said, “ASUS is committed to the ODD market and see opportunities for continued growth thanks to our comprehensive range of award-winning products. We are excited to work with Smithie UK, who have unmatched expertise in this sector. Together we look forward to even greater success in the future. “Having the ASUS brand added to their already extensive portfolio will undoubtedly provide further opportunity for growth and enhance the offering that Smithie UK provide. With Samsung pulling out of the ODD business, this is a very well timed development.”   Spire Technology Contact: 01202 828444 spire.co.uk Established in 1990, Spire Technology Ltd has seen steady growth in the field of trade-only computer distribution.  The firm says its unrivalled commitment to the UK IT channel and focus on its customers’ needs has made it one of the UK’s leading distributors of computer components, peripherals and consumer electronic products. Spire’s portfolio currently stands at more than 1,500 products from over 30 vendors including Asus, TP-Link, BullGuard, BeQuiet! and Cougar to name a few.  Spire says in a statement: “With this mix of quality, reliability and price, Spire Technology should be your one-stop shop for all your IT needs.”   DirekTek  Contact: 01494 471 100 direktek.co.uk Since its formation in 1991, DirekTek Ltd. says it has become Britain’s leading distributor of consumer electronics and digital imaging products, working with brands such as Canon, Sennheiser, Samsung and Sony.  It says that it’s the essential business partner for any company planning to enter or grow their market share in this dynamic sector. DirekTek stocks a comprehensive product portfolio, and offers an extensive product range with bespoke bundles including a wide spread of accessories. There’s also a home delivery service available.   CMS Distribution  Contact: 0143 884 2350 cmsdistribution.com Established in 1988, CMS Distribution is Europe’s leading specialist distributor of consumer technologies. CMS sells to resellers, high street retailers and etailers.  The company employs over 250 people across seven locations in the UK, Ireland, the Netherlands and Sweden. UK office locations are London, Stevenage and Harrogate. The 44,000 sq. ft logistics and integration centre, located in Castleford, West Yorkshire, has advanced systems to ensure optimised availability and fast delivery for customers.  The company helps IT vendors and channel partners grow their business by taking emerging technologies to market while helping to develop already established brands using a wide range of value added services.  In May 2016, the company acquired Widget Group, an award winning distributor of emerging technology, further strengthening CMS Distribution’s position in the European market. In August 2016, CMS completed the integration of Widget UK Ltd into CMS Distribution Ltd, now with an expanded product range represents leading manufacturers within the retail space, including Fitbit, SanDisk, TomTom, Tile and HTC.   Ingram Micro  Contact: 0871 973 3000 uk.ingrammicro.com The company’s UK operations have been established for over 20 years since opening in 1991, with its head office in Milton Keynes. There are also offices in Maidenhead and at the purpose built 244,000sq ft distribution centre in Crick, Northamptonshire.  Ingram Micro employs over 400 associates providing over 10,000 resellers, working with the leading IT vendors, including Cisco, HP, Microsoft, Motorola and Nokia to name a few, with more than 40,000 product lines complemented by comprehensive value added services.   Mentor Distribution Contact: 0146 281 4000 mentor-distribution.com   Since 1991, Mentor Distribution has been a trade-only distributor of IT and AV equipment. The company is Iiyama’s longest serving UK distributor and stocks other brands including NEC, Iiyama, Toshiba, ASUS, Chief, ASRock Rack, Humanscale and AG Neovo. In recent years, the firm has expanded into manufacturing its own touchscreens, privacy monitors and server solutions. Mentor Distribution also offers additional services such as logo printing and spraying bezels.  During the last 12 months, the company has focused its efforts into increasing its stock holding of displays, the iiyama brand in particular. Mentor consistently shows more Iiyama product lines in stock than any other UK distributor, on stock in the channel. The company has also increased its server offering to include brands such as ASRock Rack and Gigabyte.   Northamber  Contact: 020 8296 7066 northamber.com   Northamber is is the longest established independent trade only IT distributor in the UK, with over 36 years of experience. Northamber’s Distribution division prides itself in providing its 5,000+ resellers with personal account managers, a “no voicemail” policy, industry leading product knowledge and a wealth of services to drive reseller profitability. The solutions division focuses on driving profitable growth for resellers with deep industry and product expertise, demand generation, enhanced marketing and a UK exclusive set of products and services. Northamber’s enriched set of logistics, configuration, storage, installation and conference services and facilities further enhance their resellers’ profit opportunities.  In the last year, Northamber has grown its distribution and solutions teams. Product specialists have brought exclusive offers, new vendors and products along with a high level of industry and product expertise to their reseller base.  The heavy value-add and vertical driven approach continues to attract new vendors to Northamber (including Genee World, iboss, Allied Telesis, Altaro, Asustor, Armor, Bomgar, Kodak, Kramer and Samsung, with more in the pipeline) as they value the focus, expertise, demand generation and key events.  The company recently hosted the wildly popular Northamber EXPO’16 which brought vendors and resellers together to grow business and to hear from industry experts GfK & CompTIA on new markets and opportunities. Tags: Ingram Micro, Centerprise, Westcoast, vip, entatech, hama, tech data, northamber, DirekTek, Peak Development, Spire technology, Exertis, M2M Direct, Mentor Distribution, Smithy Distribution Follow us on Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related Stories Specktron appoints Mentor Distribution for UK Nov 11th 2016 at 9:43AM The state of security in 2016 Nov 10th 2016 at 10:15AM Tech Data to showcase HP Omen-powered Oculus Rift VR headsets at Boot Camp North Nov 8th 2016 at 9:05AM PCR Women of the year winners revealed Oct 17th 2016 at 2:39PM M2M Direct to showcase Hynix range at PCR Boot Camp North 2016 Oct 14th 2016 at 9:00AM Distribution: The Good, the Bad and the Brexit Oct 10th 2016 at 10:57AM The future of VR Oct 7th 2016 at 11:00AM Get the latest news sent to your inbox Sign up to receive API's email news updates and access to other online products and services. We are everywhere. Follow us on Follow @pcr_online Tweets from our friends Follow Us on Twitter Events 15 Jun Synaxon conference 2017 Heathrow 16 Nov PCR Boot Camp North 2016 Manchester More Events Directory Centerprise International Ltd For the past 25 years Centerprise International has been acknowledged as one of the largest and most respected IT providers in the UK. A real ... Read More Most Popular Most Viewed There are no articles to display. Most Comments Competition: win security gear with BullGuard BullGuard is offering PCR readers an amazing opportunity to win a massive package of goodies which would help kit out any retailer's security section ISTE 2014 roundup: Intel Education, Samsung School and more New hardware and software from vendors announced at education-tech focused event Most Emailed There are no articles to display. Read more from After three years the Power Rangers Dota 2 team has disbanded Super Mario Run launches December 15th Scarlett confirmed as the highest earning female eSports player ever Read more from PlayStack hires trio of new talent Paradox brings King's Kim Nordström on-board to lead Mobile initative Hamburg games studio Sviper raises second funding round Read more from MPG announces 2017 Awards shortlist Merging appoints senior technologist Clear-Com releases new HelixNet digital beltpack Footer navigation Home News New Gear Directory Events App Shop Back to Top About PCR PCR delivers priceless trade information for the home and business computing sector across a unique combination of print, online, digital, apps, mobile, event and social channels. The NewBay Network NewBay Media Audio Media International MCV UK PCR BikeBiz PSNEurope Develop MCV Pacific Sourcebook Develop 100 Studios MI Pro ToyNews Installation TVBEurope Licensing.biz Music Week Copyright © NewBay Media 2016. Privacy| Terms| Accessibility| Site Map
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Qumulo bangs out new software, Apollo server support Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Hpc Ibm Data Center Servers 10x faster servers? Pop a CAPI in your dome Not quite sure how the new mechanism works? Mull it over here 19 Oct 2016 at 09:42, Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles IBM: Why our Power9 CPU is going to make data centers great again OpenPOWER sees bright future 10x faster servers? Pop a CAPI in your dome HPC Blog How does 10x faster server performance sound to you? Not in five or six years, but in late 2017? Ground breaking things are afoot in the server world. IBM’s new OpenCAPI mechanism, and the accompanying organization, promises to make this vision reality. So what the hell is this new version of CAPI and who cares if it’s open? CAPI stands for Coherent Accelerator Processor Interface, and, in its new form, it’s a new layer on motherboards. It doesn’t replace QPI or HyperTransport, it works as a very fast (3x faster than PCIe Gen 3) connection between CPUs and other peripherals like GPUs, FPGAs, fast memory, coherent network controllers, or coherent storage controllers. Coherent, in this case, means that the components attached to CAPI are operating within the same address space as applications and can thus have the same access to data as the main CPU. Think of it as DMA (Direct Memory Access) on steroids. I’ve appended a picture below for you to gaze at. In recent years we’ve seen the emergence of a lot of new technology, with plenty more on the way. Things like accelerators, advanced storage, new network tech, and advanced non-volatile memory, to name a few. PCIe has been the technology of choice to connect these new things, because it was the only choice. While PCIe has improved over the years, there are some downsides, it’s not the easiest thing to work with, and it carries a lot of baggage; baggage that allows it to remain compatible for everything from USB busses to high end accelerators. In other words, it has become bloated and kludgy. How does it work? Think of PCIe as an old freeway, clogged and with some potholes and with lots of toll booths to navigate (causing latency). In this freeway analogy, PCIe has 16 independent single lanes where cars travel either way. CAPI, by contrast, is a very wide superhighway built adjacent to the old PCIe interstate, with much higher speed limits (3x), way fewer toll booths (latency caused by interfaces), and adds coherency (which means that each car knows exactly where it’s going and how to get there.) It is the increased speed of the wires, plus the radical reduction of interfaces to negotiate, which gives the potential for 10x speed-up. One of the reasons that this is such a big deal is because of the new organization IBM announced last week, dubbed OpenCAPI. It’s drawn membership from a wide range of tech giants including, AMD, Dell EMC, Google, HPE, IBM, Mellanox Technologies, Micron, NVIDIA, and Xilinx. It’s this slate of members that really gets my attention. Traditional enemies are being pulled together in favor of this technology – which, to me, means CAPI must have some serious technical benefits. These vendors must have seriously vetted CAPI and found it enticing enough to join up. With this type of industry support, we might be seeing the beginning of a new industry standard. Exciting times, eh? More information on CAPI here and the OpenCAPI org here. ® Sponsored: 10 Reasons LinuxONE is the best choice for Linux workloads Tips and corrections 11 Comments More from The Register Intel-supported Open HPC stack to land in Q4 Shrink-wrapped software stack for big ironmongers 2 Comments Lenovo HPC bounces back after IBM spinoff High performance biz has grown... and customers.. well, they're a little different NICE catch, Amazon: Bezos buys HPC toolkit from Italy Is Uncle Jeff's cut-price bit-barn rental company contemplating HPCaaS? 3 Comments Hey kids – want to be an HPC bigshot? Don't have a secret exascale supercomputer? HPC blog Enter the Student Cluster Competition Plump Dell lays its table for the upcoming HPC Stampede Texas gamble accompanies business trio Forget your stupid campus party. I'm going to Frankfurt to do some HPC HPC Blog Students race to build biggest, baddest cluster from off-the-shelf kit 2 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Solving the right problem in the datacentre This white paper discusses the limitations of traditional cloud and virtualisation management. Securing Productivity in the Borderless Enterprise Before you transform your business with mobility services, you need to consider both the management and security challenges you’ll face from the combination of mobile devices and cloud-based apps. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight 10x faster servers? Pop a CAPI in your dome Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Fire alarm sparked data centre meltdown emergency Weka.IO – a stealthy startup swimming against the tide Will the roulette ball fall for WANdisco's spiel? Speaking in Tech: Worst OpenStack summit ever? Windows Server 2016 persistent memory support supercharges storage IO VMware do we go from here? Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Log out Login User Name Password   Forgot Password   Login Register Now عربي FR The time and date in the UAE: 11:22 AM Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Last Updated November 16, 2016 10:22 AM Bulletin Photos Videos   News Bulletin Reports Photos Videos Archives News Categories Emirates International Economics Sports International Aid Features Miscellaneous You are here: Home > DEWA and Intel Middle East sign MoU DEWA and Intel Middle East sign MoU 19/10/2016 01:10:01 PM Tweet Send Email Please provide your email address Send PicturesVideos DUBAI, 19th October, 2016 (WAM) -- Dubai Electricity and Water Authority, DEWA, has signed a Memorandum of Understanding, MoU, with Intel Corporation Middle East, to enhance cooperation, develop new initiatives, and enhance the happiness of stakeholders though the adoption and development of the latest technologies and business models. These include the Internet of Things, IoT, cloud computing, data centres, big data, artificial intelligence, and others. The MoU will set a framework to develop IT and water and electricity services, in addition to developing prototypes and Software Development Kits, SDKs, for field applications, while benefiting from advanced robotics and mixed virtual reality technology. The MoU also enables both parties to explore Intel’s capabilities with regard to big data, analytics, and data governance, to launch efficient initiatives. Under the terms of the MoU, Intel will develop technical field applications at DEWA, and use the latest technology to improve work efficiency, big data management, architecture, analytics and interactive visualisation, cyber-security, threat intelligence and response, advanced mobile communication and control solutions, data centres and cloud computing, and many others. The MoU was signed by Saeed Mohammed Al Tayer, MD and CEO of DEWA, and Taha Khalifa, Regional General Manager of Intel, MENA region. Al Tayer expressed his happiness at signing the agreement, noting the importance of co-operation, to benefit from the latest techniques and provide customers with innovative, smart, quick, smooth, and integrated services, 24-hours-a-day. "DEWA supports the Smart Dubai initiative launched by Vice President, Prime Minister and Ruler of Dubai, His Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum. The initiative contributes to achieving a significant improvement to the services provided to customers, and transforming Dubai into the smartest and happiest city in the world. The initiative enables the management of the city’s utilities and services using smart and connected services." said Al Tayer. Taha Khalifa hailed DEWA’s efforts to transform Dubai into a future smart city, which, he said, makes people happy, makes their lives easier, and improves living standards, in addition to improving resource-use efficiency and streamlining and integrating services. WAM/Hazem/Moran Next Story:Bahrain's ICC calls for strengthening character of youth against terrorism Other News of Economics ADFD, Armenian President discuss development projects Global Energy Summit to be held in Abu Dhabi in 2017 DFM highlights its smart and leading services during UAE Innovation Week 2016 Oman Crude Oil Financial contract closes at US$42.79 Back to top WAM on Facebook WAM on Twitter Tweets by @wamnews_eng Prayer Times www.awqaf.ae Quick Links About WAM Services Reports Contact Us Feedback Site Map Survey The News Emirates News International News Economy Sports News Multimedia Pictures Videos Photo, Video and Print purchase Newsletter To subscribe to periodic bulletin WAM Newsletter Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions     Emirates News Agency, all rights reserved © 2015
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East REGISTER LOGIN MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية Search  37 °C Dubai 16 Nov 2016 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Motor racing-McLaren CEO forced out after 35 years Axiom sees growth opportunities in Saudi Arabia and UAE National Finance, Oman Orix Leasing plan merger Developers in Lebanon await positive impact of end to deadlock Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float INTERVIEW: Dubai’s Easa Saleh Al Gurg Group to invest in UK commercial property $100bln airport projects underway in Middle East Six Flags aiming to open first Saudi park by 2021 Kuwait to offer railway project for bidding next year Saudi Aramco competing with Russia for Indian refiner Dubai to issue district cooling regulations in 2017 Saudi's KSMC signs deal to support energy conservation National Finance, Oman Orix Leasing plan merger Bank assets growth in Lebanon jumps 117% Moody's revises Omani banks' outlook to stable Noor Bank closes $231 mln Islamic loan for UAE's Ajman Bank Pak-Qatar Takaful expands in Pakistan IDB to announce sukuk roadshow this week Twitter, Google, Facebook change policies Axiom sees growth opportunities in Saudi Arabia and UAE Omantel going ahead with Pakistan WorldCall sale Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Dubai October inflation rate rises to 2.7% Qatar inflation drops 0.4% in October U.S. House reauthorizes Iran sanctions bill, sets Syria sanctions Kuwait to offer railway project for bidding next year GCC ministers call for unified labor policies Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Palestinians fume as Gaza cartoonist ridicules Arafat U.S. House reauthorizes Iran sanctions bill, sets Syria sanctions Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Egypt to get next $1 bln loan from World Bank by early Jan Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence U.S. House reauthorizes Iran sanctions bill, sets Syria sanctions Iraqi troops advance farther into eastern Mosul Trump rewards loyalty, considers economic picks as he molds Cabinet Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Saudi's Public Investment Fund says no plan to cut local equity holdings Markets may rebound on global bounce Snapchat has filed confidentially for its IPO -sources Saudi's Public Investment Fund says no plan to cut local equity holdings Markets may rebound on global bounce Snapchat has filed confidentially for its IPO -sources Dollar slips off 11-month high; eyes on Trump, U.S. yields Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Dollar rise a threat to global financial stability- BIS Bahrain Petroleum seals 2017 naphtha term - trade U.S. oil prices slip after industry report shows stock build Gold steady, Trump economic policy in focus Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Dubai ruler issues decree on mortgaging granted lands GCC ministers call for unified labor policies Bahrain sets up anti-graft task force Dubai to issue district cooling regulations in 2017 GCC ministers call for unified labor policies Bahrain sets up anti-graft task force UAE court jails three men for involvement in banned groups Egypt blocks bank account of torture victims' center - lawyer Egypt says foils Muslim Brotherhood plot on eve of planned protests Dubai ruler issues decree on mortgaging granted lands Lafarge faces legal complaint over actions in Syria Bahrain sets up anti-graft task force Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports 13 Emirati directors compete for Muhr Awards at Diff Twitter, Google, Facebook change policies Dubai Police launch awareness campaign for tourists UAE residents ignorant about fertility issues Huge study finds a billion people suffer from high blood pressure Al Qasimi Hospital performs first robotic bariatric surgery Abu Dhabi Art fair expands across the capital Facebook's WhatsApp adds secure video calling Paris-style fresh food market to come to Dubai Dubai Police launch awareness campaign for tourists Colors adorn war-torn Baghdad streets Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses 13 Emirati directors compete for Muhr Awards at Diff Bon Jovi takes Billboard's No.1 album spot for 6th time Aerosmith rock band in 2017 farewell European tour Dubai Sports Council overhauls grading of clubs Motor racing-McLaren CEO forced out after 35 years Soccer-Messi magic puts Argentina back on World Cup track Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article technology Dubai Electricity DEWA signs MoU with Intel Corporation Middle East 19 October, 2016 19 October 2016 Dubai, UAE - In adherence with the directives of the wise leadership to transform Dubai into the happiest city in the world, Dubai Electricity and Water Authority (DEWA) signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Intel Corporation Middle East, to enhance cooperation and develop new initiatives, achieving the happiness of stakeholders though the adoption and development of the latest technologies and business models. These include the Internet of All Things, Cloud Computing and Data Centres, Big Data, Artificial Intelligence, and others. The MoU will set a framework to further develop IT services, and water and electricity services, in addition to developing prototypes and Software Development Kits (SDKs) for field applications, while benefiting from advanced robotics and mixed virtual reality technology. The MoU also enables both parties to explore Intel’s capabilities in regard to Big Data, analytics, and data governance, to launch efficient initiatives. In adherence with the terms of the MoU, Intel will develop technical field applications at DEWA, and use the latest technology to improve work efficiency, Big Data Management, Architecture, Analytics and Interactive Visualization, Cyber Security, threat intelligence and response, advanced mobile communication and control solutions, Data Centres and Cloud Computing, and many others. The MoU was signed by HE Saeed Mohammed Al Tayer, MD & CEO of DEWA, and Taha Khalifa, Regional General Manager of Intel, MENA region. Al Tayer expressed his happiness on signing the agreement, noting the importance of cooperation, to benefit from the latest techniques and provide customers with innovative, smart, quick, smooth, and integrated services, 24 hours a day. Advertisement “DEWA supports the Smart Dubai initiative launched by HH Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice President and Prime Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai. The initiative contributes to achieving a significant improvement to the services provided to customers, and transforming Dubai into the smartest and happiest city in the world. The initiative enables the management of the city’s utilities and services using smart and connected services. In adherence with the directives of HH Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, to ensure all government policies, programmes, and services contribute towards building a positive and happy community, and to ensure that the government takes priority in creating conditions capable of facilitating happiness for all stakeholders. In adherence with the UAE Vision 2021 to enhance sustainable development and achieve the expectations of citizens and residents, DEWA provides world-class government services and adopts the best international practices, to make people as happy as possible. We constantly work, led by the vision of our wise leadership who instructed us to provide smart and sustainable services, according to the highest standards of accountability, reliability, and efficiency,” said Al Tayer. “Our cooperation with Intel Corporation Middle East, supports our efforts to achieve the Smart Grid strategy which includes several programmes. These programmes are: Advanced Metering Infrastructure for Electricity, Advanced Metering Infrastructure for Water, Asset Management, Demand Response, Distribution Automation, Information Technology Infrastructure, Substation Automation, System Integration, Telecommunications, Big Data and Analytics, and Security,” continued Al Tayer. Taha Khalifa hailed DEWA’s efforts to transform Dubai into a future smart city, which makes people happy, makes their lives easier, and improves living standards, in addition to improving resource-use efficiency and streamlining and integrating services. -Ends- For more information, please contact:  Ribal Dayekh or Iman Saeed                    Jessy Chami or Rawad Khattar Dubai Electricity and Water Authority         Orient Planet PR +971 4 515 1784                                   +971 4 456 2888 or 055-8257576 ribal.dayekh@dewa.gov.ae                      jessy@orientplanet.com iman.saeed@dewa.gov.ae                       rawad@orientplanet.com © Press Release 2016 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: energy uae Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Bahrain's Alba appoints new manager for Calciner & Marine 10 Nov 2016 Joséphine Verine appointed COO marketing of the Lombard Odier Group 07 Nov 2016 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2016 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising How technology is changing business Handloom matters The Smart Cities Issue Home » Companies Last Modified: Wed, Oct 19 2016. 12 18 PM IST Intel’s results beat estimates; forecast disappoints Intel’s net revenue rises 9.1% to $15.78 billion, beating the average analyst estimate of $15.58 billion Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Rishika SadamNayyar Rasheed Intel, which has been hurt due to weak PC demand, said last month it was seeing signs of improvement among PC parts suppliers. Photo: Bloomberg Bengaluru: Intel Corp. reported better-than-expected quarterly earnings and revenue, boosted by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses, but its revenue forecast for the current quarter disappointed Wall Street. The world’s largest chipmaker’s shares were down 5.3% at $35.75 in after-hours trading on Tuesday. Intel said it expects fourth-quarter revenue of $15.7 billion, plus or minus $500 million. Analysts on average were expecting $15.86 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. “This is below the average seasonal increase for the fourth quarter as we expect the worldwide PC supply chain to reduce their inventory,” executive vice president Stacy Smith said on a conference call with analysts. Last month, Intel raised its third-quarter revenue forecast for the first time in more than two years, citing improving PC demand. The company’s decision to raise third-quarter forecast moved investors’ expectations to a higher level, Stifel Nicolaus analyst Kevin Cassidy said. Revenue from the data centre business, which offers storage and cloud-based software services, rose 9.7% to $4.54 billion in the third quarter, from a year earlier. Revenue growth from this unit for the full year will likely be in the high single digits, Intel chief executive Brian Krzanich said on the call. Demand for cloud-based services has been growing as more businesses shift to cloud-computing methods. Intel, which has been hurt due to weak PC demand, said last month it was seeing signs of improvement among PC parts suppliers. According to research firm IDC, global PC shipments fell by a smaller-than-expected 3.9% in the third quarter. Revenue from the company’s traditional PC business, which still accounts for over half of Intel’s total revenue, rose 4.5% to $8.89 billion. Excluding items, the company earned 80 cents per share, above analysts’ average estimate of 73 cents. The company’s net revenue rose 9.1% to $15.78 billion, beating the average analyst estimate of $15.58 billion. Net income rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended 1 October, from $3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. Up to Tuesday’s close, Intel’s shares had risen 9.6% this year, lagging the 22.8% gain in the broader Philadelphia semiconductor index. Reuters Rishika SadamNayyar Rasheed Topics: IntelIntel resultsthird quarterprofitrevenue More from this Section Modi’s black money crackdown threatens corporate profit recovery Rishi Jaitly named CEO of Times Global Partners How bad is India’s corporate debt problem? Vodafone sees sluggish growth, thanks to Reliance Jio Page Industries: volume slowdown tempers earnings expectations Editor's Picks The cash withdrawal, currency exchange challenge at rural bank branches Subbarao warns RBI against taking unclaimed notes as profit Demonetization to help check tax evasion through penny stocks The economics of currency reform Donald Trump’s threat to Indian IT is all bluster First Published: Wed, Oct 19 2016. 11 47 AM IST Latest News Gold futures rise 0.24% on global cues WhatsApp video-calling: How to use it on your smartphone News in Numbers | 9 new bills in line to be listed in Parliament’s winter session Editor's Picks The cash withdrawal, currency exchange challenge at rural bank branches Subbarao warns RBI against taking unclaimed notes as profit Demonetization to help check tax evasion through penny stocks Latest News Gold futures rise 0.24% on global cues WhatsApp video-calling: How to use it on your smartphone News in Numbers | 9 new bills in line to be listed in Parliament’s winter session Boom time for Asia’s plastic makers OnePlus 3T: The One Plus 3 is evolving Mint On Sunday The priceless legacy of P.L. Gupta San Diego and Mumbai: A tale of two zoos A brief history of the Bhakti movement Are luxury brands clicking on the right buttons? NuFace Trinity with Facial Trainer Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Wed,  16 November 2016 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 4.90   -0.10 -2.00%   1STPRIMFMF 8.60   0.10 1.18%   AAMRATECH 25.90   -0.60 -2.26%   ABB1STMF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   ABBANK 17.50   0.20 1.16%   ACI   0.80   ACIFORMULA 155.20   -1.10 -0.70%   ACMELAB 102.90   -1.60 -1.53%   ACTIVEFINE 38.90   -0.40 -1.02%   AFCAGRO 44.70   -0.90 -1.97%   AFTABAUTO 55.90   1.30 2.38%   AGNISYSL 18.20   -0.30 -1.62%   AGRANINS 17.50   0.20 1.16%   AIBL1STIMF 8.00   0.00 0.00%   AL-HAJTEX 95.00   1.10 1.17%   ALARABANK 15.10   0.20 1.34%   AMANFEED 76.90   -0.20 -0.26%   AMBEEPHA 436.10   14.40 3.41%   AMCL(PRAN) 198.50   -0.20 -0.10%   ANLIMAYARN 26.60   0.00 0.00%   ANWARGALV 67.60   0.50 0.75%   APEXFOODS 140.00   1.10 0.79%   APEXFOOT 367.00   -1.50 -0.41%   APEXSPINN 119.10   -1.30 -1.08%   APEXTANRY 125.00   -2.20 -1.73%   APOLOISPAT 16.10   0.00 0.00%   ARAMIT 348.50   -3.70 -1.05%   ARAMITCEM 29.70   0.10 0.34%   ARGONDENIM 28.10   1.00 3.69%   ASIAINS 16.20   -0.10 -0.61%   ASIAPACINS 16.00   0.00 0.00%   ATCSLGF 10.40   -0.10 -0.95%   ATLASBANG 113.40   -0.10 -0.09%   AZIZPIPES 67.00   -1.20 -1.76%   BANGAS 110.90   10.00 9.91%   BANKASIA 17.30   -0.20 -1.14%   BARKAPOWER 29.50   -0.40 -1.34%   BATASHOE 1180.00   1.50 0.13%   BATBC   -4.70   BAYLEASING 20.30   0.20 1.00%   BBS   1.60   BDAUTOCA 64.00   -3.10 -4.62%   BDCOM   0.10   BDFINANCE 10.10   -0.10 -0.98%   BDLAMPS 171.60   0.10 0.06%   BDTHAI 22.50   -0.30 -1.32%   BDWELDING 9.10   0.20 2.25%   BEACHHATCH 8.60   0.10 1.18%   BEACONPHAR 18.80   -0.50 -2.59%   BENGALWTL 39.00   1.00 2.63%   BEXIMCO 22.20   -0.20 -0.89%   BGIC   -0.10   BIFC   -0.20   BNICL   0.00   BRACBANK 65.90   -0.10 -0.15%   BSC   -3.20   BSCCL   0.50   BSRMLTD 141.00   -1.50 -1.05%   BSRMSTEEL 94.10   -0.60 -0.63%   BXPHARMA 81.80   -0.20 -0.24%   BXSYNTH 5.80   0.00 0.00%   CENTRALINS 16.10   0.30 1.90%   CENTRALPHL 14.10   0.10 0.71%   CITYBANK 23.40   0.10 0.43%   CITYGENINS 15.20   0.50 3.40%   CMCKAMAL 13.90   0.10 0.72%   CNATEX 7.90   0.20 2.60%   CONFIDCEM 117.20   1.70 1.47%   CONTININS 17.10   0.80 4.91%   CVOPRL 194.20   2.00 1.04%   DACCADYE 6.80   0.00 0.00%   DAFODILCOM 33.70   -0.70 -2.03%   DBH   -1.40   DBH1STMF 7.00   0.10 1.45%   DELTALIFE 99.20   3.10 3.23%   DELTASPINN 8.40   -0.20 -2.33%   DESCO   -0.90   DESHBANDHU 8.50   -0.10 -1.16%   DHAKABANK 16.10   0.00 0.00%   DHAKAINS 20.00   1.10 5.82%   DOREENPWR 115.00   2.70 2.40%   DSHGARME 357.80   -5.00 -1.38%   DSSL   0.90   DULAMIACOT 6.90   -0.60 -8.00%   DUTCHBANGL 106.70   -0.60 -0.56%   EASTERNINS 23.80   0.20 0.85%   EASTLAND 20.80   0.60 2.97%   EASTRNLUB 948.00   64.60 7.31%   EBL   -0.30   EBL1STMF 5.10   0.10 2.00%   EBLNRBMF 4.70   -0.10 -2.08%   ECABLES 144.90   -0.70 -0.48%   EHL   1.40   EMERALDOIL 34.50   -0.20 -0.58%   ENVOYTEX 36.80   -0.10 -0.27%   ETL   0.90   EXIMBANK 10.50   0.20 1.94%   FAMILYTEX 7.80   0.00 0.00%   FARCHEM 19.40   0.20 1.04%   FAREASTFIN 9.60   0.10 1.05%   FAREASTLIF 64.00   1.00 1.59%   FASFIN 11.30   0.00 0.00%   FBFIF   0.00   FEDERALINS 10.40   0.40 4.00%   FEKDIL 22.50   -0.30 -1.32%   FINEFOODS 18.60   -1.40 -7.00%   FIRSTFIN 6.90   0.00 0.00%   FIRSTSBANK 11.90   0.20 1.71%   FORTUNE 43.40   0.60 1.40%   FUWANGCER 13.50   -1.00 -6.90%   FUWANGFOOD 12.30   0.00 0.00%   GBBPOWER 14.70   0.10 0.68%   GEMINISEA 802.60   11.60 1.47%   GENNEXT 6.80   0.00 0.00%   GHAIL   1.60   GHCL   1.80   GLAXOSMITH 1564.00   -36.20 -2.26%   GLOBALINS 12.90   0.50 4.03%   GP   1.60   GPHISPAT 28.80   0.00 0.00%   GQBALLPEN 69.70   0.40 0.58%   GRAMEENS2 10.40   0.10 0.97%   GREENDELMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELT 46.50   -0.10 -0.21%   GSPFINANCE 20.10   0.10 0.50%   HAKKANIPUL 42.90   -0.20 -0.46%   HEIDELBCEM 544.00   -2.30 -0.42%   HFL   -0.60   HRTEX   0.20   HWAWELLTEX 35.60   0.30 0.85%   IBBLPBOND 970.00   -8.50 -0.87%   IBNSINA 212.00   -4.80 -2.21%   ICB   3.10   ICB1STNRB 18.60   -0.10 -0.53%   ICB2NDNRB 7.90   0.10 1.28%   ICB3RDNRB 4.50   0.00 0.00%   ICBAMCL2ND 5.20   0.00 0.00%   ICBEPMF1S1 5.90   -0.20 -3.28%   ICBIBANK 3.90   -0.10 -2.50%   ICBSONALI1 6.00   0.00 0.00%   IDLC   0.50   IFADAUTOS 75.10   0.30 0.40%   IFIC   0.10   IFIC1STMF 4.80   0.00 0.00%   IFILISLMF1 6.60   -0.10 -1.49%   ILFSL   0.20   IMAMBUTTON 11.10   0.00 0.00%   INTECH 11.50   -0.10 -0.86%   IPDC   0.20   ISLAMIBANK 29.20   -0.10 -0.34%   ISLAMICFIN 15.50   0.10 0.65%   ISLAMIINS 17.20   0.60 3.61%   ISNLTD 12.20   0.30 2.52%   ITC   0.30   JAMUNABANK 14.40   -0.20 -1.37%   JAMUNAOIL 193.00   -1.50 -0.77%   JANATAINS 12.90   0.50 4.03%   JMISMDL 157.40   4.20 2.74%   JUTESPINN 49.20   -4.80 -8.89%   KARNAPHULI 14.00   0.40 2.94%   KAY&QUE 28.60   -2.10 -6.84%   KBPPWBIL 17.30   -0.10 -0.57%   KDSALTD 66.50   1.30 1.99%   KEYACOSMET 9.80   0.10 1.03%   KOHINOOR 445.00   -7.20 -1.59%   KPCL   0.40   KPPL   -0.10   LAFSURCEML 74.10   -0.40 -0.54%   LANKABAFIN 27.10   0.20 0.74%   LEGACYFOOT 18.50   -0.20 -1.07%   LIBRAINFU 491.00   -21.30 -4.16%   LINDEBD 1336.00   -3.60 -0.27%   LRGLOBMF1 6.60   0.00 0.00%   MAKSONSPIN 7.00   0.00 0.00%   MALEKSPIN 15.40   -0.10 -0.65%   MARICO 1219.00   6.20 0.51%   MATINSPINN 36.30   0.50 1.40%   MBL1STMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   MEGCONMILK 6.80   -0.10 -1.45%   MEGHNACEM 93.80   0.30 0.32%   MEGHNALIFE 53.20   1.20 2.31%   MEGHNAPET 5.40   -0.10 -1.82%   MERCANBANK 14.00   0.50 3.70%   MERCINS 14.20   0.60 4.41%   METROSPIN 6.30   0.00 0.00%   MHSML   -1.70   MICEMENT 74.70   -0.50 -0.66%   MIDASFIN 25.00   0.60 2.46%   MITHUNKNIT 63.50   -3.00 -4.51%   MJLBD   -0.50   MODERNDYE 189.00   -11.10 -5.55%   MONNOCERA 36.70   0.40 1.10%   MONNOSTAF 582.00   16.20 2.86%   MPETROLEUM 182.10   -1.90 -1.03%   MTB   0.10   NATLIFEINS 173.10   1.10 0.64%   NAVANACNG 57.10   2.20 4.01%   NBL   0.10   NCCBANK 10.50   0.10 0.96%   NCCBLMF1 6.80   0.00 0.00%   NFML   0.00   NHFIL   -0.90   NITOLINS 22.10   0.40 1.84%   NLI1STMF 12.60   0.00 0.00%   NORTHRNINS 18.80   0.00 0.00%   NPOLYMAR 84.00   0.30 0.36%   NTC   15.80   NTLTUBES 128.80   -2.70 -2.05%   OAL   0.10   OLYMPIC 310.00   -0.20 -0.06%   ONEBANKLTD 14.80   0.00 0.00%   ORIONINFU 60.80   2.00 3.40%   ORIONPHARM 40.50   2.00 5.19%   PADMALIFE 22.80   0.40 1.79%   PADMAOIL 187.00   1.80 0.97%   PARAMOUNT 19.20   0.10 0.52%   PENINSULA 24.30   -0.20 -0.82%   PEOPLESINS 16.70   0.20 1.21%   PF1STMF 4.50   0.00 0.00%   PHARMAID 246.60   -6.50 -2.57%   PHENIXINS 21.90   0.50 2.34%   PHOENIXFIN 24.60   0.60 2.50%   PHPMF1 4.40   0.00 0.00%   PIONEERINS 29.20   -0.10 -0.34%   PLFSL   -0.10   POPULAR1MF 4.40   -0.10 -2.22%   POPULARLIF 67.20   -0.90 -1.32%   POWERGRID 55.60   -2.80 -4.79%   PRAGATIINS 25.80   0.00 0.00%   PRAGATILIF 88.00   -0.80 -0.90%   PREMIERBAN 9.10   0.20 2.25%   PREMIERCEM 84.50   -0.60 -0.71%   PREMIERLEA 10.20   0.20 2.00%   PRIME1ICBA 5.00   -0.10 -1.96%   PRIMEBANK 15.00   0.00 0.00%   PRIMEFIN 8.00   0.20 2.56%   PRIMEINSUR 16.50   0.40 2.48%   PRIMELIFE 57.30   -0.20 -0.35%   PRIMETEX 22.30   0.20 0.90%   PROVATIINS 14.50   0.40 2.84%   PTL   -0.10   PUBALIBANK 19.90   0.00 0.00%   PURABIGEN 16.70   0.80 5.03%   QSMDRYCELL 97.20   5.30 5.77%   RAHIMAFOOD 86.50   -0.10 -0.12%   RAHIMTEXT 231.50   -1.90 -0.81%   RAKCERAMIC 58.30   0.30 0.52%   RANFOUNDRY 102.70   0.30 0.29%   RDFOOD 16.10   -0.50 -3.01%   REGENTTEX 12.80   0.60 4.92%   RELIANCE1 7.90   0.00 0.00%   RELIANCINS 46.50   1.00 2.20%   RENATA 1092.00   -2.10 -0.19%   RENWICKJA 585.00   1.60 0.27%   REPUBLIC 16.50   0.40 2.48%   RNSPIN 17.40   -0.10 -0.57%   RSRMSTEEL 46.00   1.70 3.84%   RUPALIBANK 26.00   0.60 2.36%   RUPALIINS 17.50   0.40 2.34%   RUPALILIFE 35.50   -0.40 -1.11%   SAFKOSPINN 11.40   0.00 0.00%   SAIHAMCOT 14.60   0.00 0.00%   SAIHAMTEX 13.70   -0.20 -1.44%   SALAMCRST 27.10   0.40 1.50%   SALVOCHEM 13.40   0.80 6.35%   SAMATALETH 24.00   0.10 0.42%   SAMORITA 61.40   -0.20 -0.32%   SANDHANINS 29.30   0.20 0.69%   SAPORTL 39.10   0.00 0.00%   SEBL1STMF 11.70   0.10 0.86%   SEMLLECMF 9.30   -0.20 -2.11%   SHAHJABANK 13.70   0.10 0.74%   SHASHADNIM 61.40   2.00 3.37%   SHURWID 8.40   0.10 1.20%   SIBL   0.40   SIMTEX 19.80   -0.30 -1.49%   SINGERBD 184.30   0.30 0.16%   SINOBANGLA 23.10   0.70 3.13%   SONALIANSH 194.50   -0.10 -0.05%   SONARBAINS 15.00   0.40 2.74%   SONARGAON 8.60   -0.10 -1.15%   SOUTHEASTB 17.00   0.00 0.00%   SPCERAMICS 8.00   -0.10 -1.23%   SPCL   3.10   SQUARETEXT 65.30   0.00 0.00%   SQURPHARMA 247.90   -0.20 -0.08%   STANCERAM 52.90   0.70 1.34%   STANDARINS 18.30   -0.10 -0.54%   STANDBANKL 10.20   0.10 0.99%   STYLECRAFT 1653.50   -12.40 -0.74%   SUMITPOWER 33.90   0.20 0.59%   SUNLIFEINS 17.70   0.00 0.00%   TAKAFULINS 18.00   0.20 1.12%   TALLUSPIN 8.10   0.10 1.25%   TITASGAS 47.00   -0.10 -0.21%   TOSRIFA 18.00   -1.00 -5.26%   TRUSTB1MF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   TRUSTBANK 23.40   0.30 1.30%   TUNGHAI 10.70   -0.20 -1.83%   UCB   0.40   UNIONCAP 12.70   0.00 0.00%   UNIQUEHRL 38.90   -0.60 -1.52%   UNITEDAIR 4.70   0.10 2.17%   UNITEDFIN 20.20   -0.20 -0.98%   UPGDCL 142.40   0.40 0.28%   USMANIAGL 91.30   -0.90 -0.98%   UTTARABANK 23.70   0.20 0.85%   UTTARAFIN 58.30   -0.60 -1.02%   WATACHEM 151.60   0.20 0.13%   WMSHIPYARD 24.90   -0.10 -0.40%   YPL   1.20   ZAHEENSPIN 15.10   -0.10 -0.66%   ZAHINTEX 15.40   0.10 0.65%   ZEALBANGLA 16.40   -0.10 -0.61%   Latest News Jessore police nab 42 with firearm, drug  ASX edge up on oil price rise Two to walk gallows for 2013 murder 2,550 bottles of phensidyl seized; one held China stocks dip Snapchat files to list on US stock market Assad hopes for ally in Trump HK stocks rise on OPEC deal hopes CU Golden Jubilee to kick off Friday SE Asia stocks rose on overnight oil rally  Three wanted ‘terrorists’ held TIME - 01:23 pm National Jessore police nab 42 with firearm, drug  Economy UK inflation slips to 0.9pc in Oct World Assad hopes for ally in Trump Stock ASX edge up on oil price rise Stocks witness see-saw at opening TOP NEWS 12.6m pollution deaths a year: WHO Two to walk gallows for 2013 murder BNP leader held over B’baria attack 9 kg gold found inside Biman flight PM for fund to achieve water SDGs Messi gets Argentina back on track MHSM recommends 5pc cash div Oil prices drop after industry report   Seminar on 'Overseas Investment by BD Entrepreneurs' Thursday Asian stocks mostly higher 2,550 bottles of phensidyl seized; one held November 16, 2016, 1:12 pm Police and members of Rapid Action Battalion (RAB)-5 seized 2,550 bottles of contraband Indian phensidyl syrup and arrested an alleged woman drug peddler in two separate raids on Tuesday.  The arrestee woman was identified as Piara Begum, 40, wife of Md. Read more China stocks dip November 16, 2016, 1:06 pm Stocks in mainland China reversed early gains on Wednesday and ended the morning session lower. Both the CSI300 index and the Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.1 per cent by lunch break, to 3,427.89 points and 3,202.62, respectively. China Oilfield Services climbed over Read more Economy Revenue board won’t budge on scrapping package VAT Despite protest by businesses, the National Board of Revenue (NBR) would prefer to scrap the package VAT system in the next fiscal year after finding poor revenue yield from the measure. According to the available data of the NBR, its VAT wing receives Tk 150-180 million as package VAT annually from the nearly 12,000 small shops across the country while some hundred superstores pay Tk 400 million. The NBR pointed out the package VAT system as a major loophole in the existing VAT-collection system. It found consumption expenditure on retail stage, that is 67 per cent of country's GDP, mostly remaining out of Dutch economy grows for 10th consecutive quarter November 15, 2016, 9:12 pm Frequent power outages hurting industrial output, says MCCI November 14, 2016, 11:48 pm Bogra growers eyeing Tk 20,000 profit from per bigha production November 14, 2016, 8:46 pm BB seeks banks' help to revamp receding remittance inflows November 14, 2016, 10:09 pm Japan economy grows faster than expected: BOJ November 14, 2016, 2:57 pm Finance MoF demands Tk 30b for credit underwriting The finance ministry has sought Tk 30 billion from the Bangladesh Petroleum Corporation (BPC) as condition to providing state guarantee for ITFC credits. The BPC owes the exchequer some Tk 263 billion as it took the money to foot oil bills Hard belt-tightening may ‘dampen credit demand’ Canada not worried over US competition for infrastructure funds BB hopes to recover $30m more of heist money Next budget size to be Tk 3.9t Editorial Elevated walkway for pedestrians The Dhaka South City Corporation (DSCC) has planned to construct Elevated walkway for pedestrians The Dhaka South City Corporation (DSCC) has planned to construct Op-Ed Brexit and US elections BREXIT of England and Presidential election of US have shown Brexit and US elections BREXIT of England and Presidential election of US have shown Jacky Chan : The living legend wins Oscar! I was really happy and excited to see my favourite Jacky Chan : The living legend wins Oscar! I was really happy and excited to see my favourite Watch over Trump's first 100 days DONALD Trump has been elected the new president of the Watch over Trump's first 100 days DONALD Trump has been elected the new president of the Stock Snapchat files to list on US stock market Snap, the parent company of messaging app Snapchat, has filed to list on the US stock market, according to several HK stocks rise on OPEC deal hopes SE Asia stocks rose on overnight oil rally  Taiwan stocks edge up; techs up Nikkei share jumps to 9-1/2-month high  BSEC approves IPO of Shepherd Industries US stocks end higher Stocks return to green on buying spree Summit Alliance to open office in Singapore National BD joins Int’l Solar Alliance Bangladesh has formally joined the International Solar Alliance (ISA) through signing up the Framework Agreement on ISA on Tuesday.  Deputy Minister for Environment and Forests Abdullah Al Islam Jakob signed the agreement on behalf of the government in a ceremonial programme held during the Conference of Parties 22 (COP 22) in Marrakech, Morocco.  Signing of the ISA Framework Agreement has reiterated the Burn-injured dies at DMCH Two schoolgirls commit suicide after ‘harassment’ High-level segments of climate talks begin in Morocco Fire at Acme laboratory in Dhamrai Training on e-Commerce and Data Security ends Students block Shahbagh intersection seeking fishery minister’s removal Journalist Ruhul Amin passes away  Satkhira police nab 33 on various charges  Trade and Market ICMAB team calls on Commerce Minister A delegation of the Institute of Cost and Management Accountants of Bangladesh (ICMAB) headed by its President Mr. Arif Khan, FCMA called on Mr. Tofail Ahmed MP, Minister, Ministry of Commerce at his office Tuesday. The ICMAB President appraised the Minister about the role of Cost and Management Accountants and their contribution towards the establishment of transparency, accountability and corporate Gold prices rise on weaker dollar Prices of garlic rise by Tk 30 a kg EU for ensuring compliance in export-oriented sectors KL assures Dhaka of hiring workers sooner Thrust on early introduction of e-fund transfer ‘UK government has no plan for Brexit’ India to use indelible ink to ensure people change cash only once Reynolds American rejects BAT's $47b takeover offer World Police name Jakarta governor in blasphemy case Indonesian police have named Jakarta's governor, Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, as a suspect in a blasphemy investigation, the BBC reports on High-level segments of climate talks begin in Morocco Indian govt bans Zakir Naik's NGO for five yrs The Rock cooking up White House run? Sci-tech WhatsApp adds encrypted video chat One of the world’s most popular means of communication, Facebook's WhatsApp, is adding fully encrypted video calling to its messaging Google to open HQ in London Google bans ads on fake news sites  Supermoon lighting up sky Education CU Golden Jubilee to kick off Friday Chittagong University (CU) is going to celebrate its Golden Jubilee on Friday with due fervour.  Although the formal celebration will start Four DU students get scholarship BCL council for RU, RUET units Dec 7, 8 Hamid urged UGC to ensure better higher education Sports Jesus stars for relentless Brazil Manchester City-bound forward Gabriel Jesus scored one and set up another as Brazil made it six wins in a row Muktijoddha share points with Brothers BFF selects 26 junior booters for Super Mokh Cup Police beat Agrani Bank Health Awareness the main catalyst to control growth of diabetes Novo Nordisk, the world’s largest insulin maker, celebrated “World Diabetes Day 2016” on Monday to aware people on healthy lifestyle World Diabetes Day being observed DGHS for stern steps against some clinics, hospitals in city Bird flu outbreak feared for interface of wild and domestic birds Entertainment Nation celebrates Nabanna The nation celebrated Nabanna (new harvest) through various programmes on Tuesday. Nabanna Utsab or new harvest festival is marked in Bangladesh International Folk Fest 2016 ends in city Muhith inaugurates Nabanna Utsab Nov 15 Humayun Ahmed's 68th birth anniv being observed Politics Hasina shocked at SM Yusuf's death Prime Minister Shiekh Hasina on Tuesday expressed profound shock at the death of Awami League leader SM Yousuf. In a condolence message, the prime minister said: "the nation has lost an honest, brave and sincere politician due to his death." She recalled the role of Yusuf with deep respect during the protest movement forged after the assassination of Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman on the black night of August 15, 1975. Sheikh Hasina prayed for eternal peace of the departed soul and conveyed her ... Free elections crucial for giving citizens voice: UK AL assures all of 'a non-partisan EC' AL won't give nominations to controversial figures: Quader Country Three wanted ‘terrorists’ held Members of Rapid Action Battalion (RAB) and police in separate drives arrested three alleged terrorists from separate places in Jessore Two schoolgirls commit suicide after ‘harassment’ Fire at Savar medicine factory Female teacher ‘kills self’ PHOTO GALLERY Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina received a red carpet reception as she arrived in Morocco on November 14, 2016 on a three-day visit to attend the 22nd Conference of the Parties (COP-22) of UNFCCC. Rachid Belmokhtar Benabdellah, Moroccan education minister, welcomed her at the airport. - PID Students of Jagannath Hall of the University of Dhaka blocked the Shahbagh intersection on Tuesday to press home their demand of immediate removal of Minister Sayedul Hoque for his ‘derogatory remarks’ about Hindus following the attacks. – FE Photo Supermoon appeared all over the world on Monday night. It is the coincidence of a full moon or a New moon with the closest approach the Moon makes to the Earth on its elliptical orbit. Supermoon is 14pc bigger and 30pc brighter than usual. This picture was taken from Dhaka’s Topkhana Road area. – FE Photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina holds a videoconference with the officials, local representatives and people of different professions of Rajshahi division from her official residence Ganabhaban on Saturday. –UNB Photo Hundreds of protester, including students of different universities, staged a demonstration in the city’s Shahbagh area on Friday over recent wave of attacks on people from Hindu community in Brahmanbaria and other parts of the country. – FE photo more news A world shadowed by ‘shadow economy’ November 16, 2016, 12:15 am Prices of garlic rise by Tk 30 a kg November 16, 2016, 12:10 am Ctg AL leader SM Yusuf dies November 16, 2016, 12:06 am BGB arrest 94 Myanmar nationals for trespass November 15, 2016, 11:29 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 145 ISSUES DECLINED 79 Most popular MoF demands Tk 30b for credit underwriting November 16, 2016, 12:16 am Revenue board wont budge on scrapping package VAT November 16, 2016, 12:17 am A world shadowed by shadow economy November 16, 2016, 12:15 am FBCCI to seek incentives for promoting green business November 16, 2016, 12:08 am Hard belt-tightening may dampen credit demand November 16, 2016, 12:11 am PM for fund to achieve water SDGs November 16, 2016, 9:50 am Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG ORIONPHARM 35.00 38.50 36.00 38.50 10.00 RDFOOD 15.10 16.60 15.80 16.60 9.93 EMERALDOIL 31.60 34.70 31.00 34.70 9.81 NTC 542.40 610.00 566.00 590.70 8.91 NHFIL 49.50 54.40 49.80 53.90 8.89 SAFKOSPINN 10.50 11.50 10.70 11.40 8.57 AFTABAUTO 50.40 54.90 50.90 54.60 8.33 DHAKAINS 17.50 19.00 17.50 18.90 8.00 SALVOCHEM 11.70 12.70 11.90 12.60 7.69 SIMTEX 18.70 20.30 17.70 20.10 7.49 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation SIMTEX 18.00 20.30 17.70 19.90 10.56 EMERALDOIL 32.00 34.70 31.00 34.70 8.44 TOSRIFA 17.30 19.40 17.30 18.70 8.09 NHFIL 50.30 54.40 49.80 54.10 7.56 NFML 16.00 17.20 16.00 17.20 7.50 AFTABAUTO 50.90 54.90 50.90 54.60 7.27 ORIONPHARM 36.00 38.50 36.00 38.50 6.94 SALVOCHEM 12.00 12.70 11.90 12.70 5.83 PRIMETEX 21.20 22.40 21.20 22.40 5.66 SAFKOSPINN 10.70 11.50 10.70 11.30 5.61 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG STANCERAM 57.60 54.40 51.90 52.20 -9.38 GHCL 40.40 39.00 36.40 36.70 -9.16 SHYAMPSUG 12.50 12.60 11.30 11.40 -8.80 GOLDENSON 16.60 16.50 15.00 15.20 -8.43 SQURPHARMA 270.60 251.00 245.20 248.10 -8.32 MHSML 17.50 17.50 15.80 16.10 -8.00 ITC 51.00 50.00 46.00 47.40 -7.06 NORTHERN 213.50 205.00 194.90 199.10 -6.75 ISNLTD 12.70 13.10 11.80 11.90 -6.30 DOREENPWR 119.00 123.00 110.80 112.30 -5.63 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation RAHIMAFOOD 90.90 91.00 83.50 83.70 -7.92 FINEFOODS 21.70 22.40 19.60 20.00 -7.83 MHSML 17.50 17.50 15.80 16.20 -7.43 DOREENPWR 120.90 123.00 110.80 112.80 -6.70 PENINSULA 25.40 26.10 23.80 23.80 -6.30 GOLDENSON 16.50 16.50 15.00 15.50 -6.06 GHCL 39.00 39.00 36.40 36.90 -5.39 LIBRAINFU 527.80 527.80 500.20 500.20 -5.23 ITC 50.00 50.00 46.00 47.60 -4.80 ISNLTD 13.10 13.10 11.80 12.50 -4.58 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 2007200820092010201120122013201420152016 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved Powered by :

null
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     PC Hardware   /   Intel Sees Record Q3 Revenue, but Takes a Hit on Forecast       Intel Sees Record Q3 Revenue, but Takes a Hit on Forecast     By Jeffrey Burt  |  Posted 2016-10-18 Print               Officials gave lower-than-expected projections for both Intel's overall business and its important data center unit, which they expect will see single-digit growth. Intel saw a lot of growth in most of its business segments in the third quarter, but the outlook for its data center unit and the company's overall business caught the attention of many analysts. Officials with the chip maker released the company's most recent quarterly financial numbers Oct. 18, which included revenue hitting a record $15.8 billion—a 9 percent increase over the same period in 2015—and profit also growing 9 percent, to $3.4 billion. Not only did Intel see growth in its Data Center and Internet of Things (IoT) groups, but its beleaguered PC business grew sales by 5 percent year over year, to $8.9 billion. This came despite the continuation of the years-long contraction in the global PC market, which has been hurt since late 2011 by the rise in popularity of mobile devices including smartphones, tablets and phablets; the trend among consumers and business users to hold onto their systems longer than in the past; and the relatively weak demand among consumers, particularly in emerging markets. Analysts with IDC and Gartner said that in the third quarter, worldwide shipments fell 3.9 percent to 5.7 percent, respectively. While IDC analysts were somewhat optimistic the PC market may be stabilizing, Gartner analysts seemed more pessimistic, positing that some PC users may never buy another system, opting instead for their mobile devices. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich was upbeat about the quarter. "It was an outstanding quarter, and we set a number of new records across the business," Krzanich said in a statement. "In addition to strong financials, we delivered exciting new technologies while continuing to align our people and products to our strategy. We're executing well, and these results show Intel's continuing transformation to a company that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected devices." However, it was the overall outlook for the company—and its lowered projections for the Data Center Group, which includes processors for servers—that is causing concern among analysts. For the fourth quarter—a traditionally strong one for the chip maker—Intel is calling for $15.7 billion in revenue, give or take $500 million, a number lower than what had been expected. At the same time, Intel officials reportedly said that growth for the Data Center Group—which makes up about a third of all Intel revenues—was now expected in the high single digits, lower than the double-digit growth that was forecast earlier this year. On a conference call with analysts and journalists, Krzanich reportedly said that sales of cloud systems and networking gear were strong, but that there was weakness in the enterprise space. The Data Center Group saw revenue of $4.5 billion, a 10 percent increase year over year, but the forecast was disappointing. Intel over the past year has been undergoing a high-profile pivot away from PC chips, which account for almost two-thirds of the company's revenues. Most PC and components makers have been hurt financially by the slowdown in the global market and have tried to reduce their dependence on PCs by focusing on such growth areas as IoT, data center systems, artificial intelligence, drones and virtual reality. Intel has been doing the same, with the goal of becoming the key vendor of technologies for an increasingly connected and cloud-centric world. An important part of that plan is for Intel to continue to grow its dominance in the data center. As part of its realignment, Intel officials in April announced the company was cutting 12,000 jobs. They said the company now was going to be hit with $2.3 billion in restructuring and other charges, and that about $1.8 billion already had been paid out. Another $250 million will be paid this quarter, with the rest being paid by mid-2017. In addition, in September the company announced it was spinning out its cyber-security software business in a partnership with private equity firm TPG. The business will become an independent company that will keep the McAfee name.           LATEST PC HARDWARE ARTICLES   Factors You Need to Consider When Replacing Aging Laptops New Microsoft Surface Books, Surface Dial Go on Sale Microsoft Nixes Xbox Streaming Stick AMD Targets Gaming, VR Content Creators With New Radeon Graphics Cards Microsoft Surface Devices Challenge Apple in Enterprise Strongholds                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content TDWorld Search: Subscribe About Us Magazine Issues Advertise Shop Electrical Jobs Today Newsletters Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Energy Times Overhead Distribution Overhead Transmission Underground T&D Substations Smart Grid AMI Distribution Automation Distribution Management Systems EMS /SCADA Smart Consumer Billing Demand Response Utilities Call Center Renewables Advertisement Home > Substations > Industrial Computers Designed for Extreme Environments, Small Spaces Industrial Computers Designed for Extreme Environments, Small Spaces Oct 18, 2016 T&D World Magazine EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Made in the USA, the new SEL-3360E Compact Industrial Computer from SEL features the Intel® Core i7 processor, a –40° to +60°C operating range, no vents and no moving parts. Advertisement Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories, Inc. has announced the newest addition to its compact industrial computer family, the SEL 3360E. The SEL-3360E and the SEL-3360S are industrial computers designed for extreme environments and small spaces. SEL-3360 Computers feature powerful processing power provided by Intel Core i7 processors. To ensure the highest reliability, SEL-3360 Computers support RAID configurations and use single-level cell (SLC) NAND flash memory. Up to 16 GB of error-correcting code (ECC) RAM provides ample memory for demanding applications. In addition, the SEL-3360E incorporates two PCI expansion slots to enable I/O customization. The SEL-3360E operates reliably in environments ranging from –40° to +60°C (–40° to +140°F) with no fans or forced airflow. Built and tested to utility substation standards, SEL-3360 Computers withstand up to 15 kV of electrostatic discharge, high electromagnetic interference and shock up to 15 g. “We are excited to add the SEL-3360E to the SEL-3360 family of computers, all of which offer a 10-year warranty,” said Dave Whitehead, SEL vice president of research and development. “SEL provides this no-questions-asked warranty to reflect the high level of reliability that we build into all of the products we manufacture.” Out-of-band remote management features, such as Intel Active Management Technology (AMT), reduce the time required to service SEL-3360 Computers. Users can perform diagnostics, install software or operating systems and even reboot remotely via a cryptographically secure interface. The SEL Backup and Recovery Tool (BaRT), a unique system monitor (SysMon) and an independent embedded controller (watchdog) help maximize system uptime by alerting users to potential issues and minimizing operational outages when a system failure occurs. SEL designs, manufactures, and tests all of its computers at its headquarters in Pullman, Washington. SEL-3360 Computers are cUL-certified, CE-marked and RoHS-compliant.  Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 0 Post new comment Name: Sign In or register to use your TDWorld ID Email: Your comment: * Advertisement Related Articles Modular System Saves Space, Offers Substation Control New Rugged Temperature Sensor Designed for Difficult Environments Industrial Computer Designed for Substations Data Transport Device for Onset Computer’s HOBO Data Loggers Industrial Multimeters Designed to be Rugged, Waterproof Connect Advertisement Latest News Nov 15, 2016 News Bureau of Land Management Finalizes Rules for Renewable Development Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell has announced that the Bureau of Land Management has finalized its rule governing solar and wind energy development on public lands....More Nov 15, 2016 News PG&E and BMW Partner on Next Phase of Pilot Studying EV Charging Pacific Gas and Electric Co. and automaker BMW have announced the second phase of the BMW ChargeForward program to test the ability of electric vehicles...More Nov 15, 2016 News Obama Administration Announces New Financing For Renewable Energy Projects The Obama Administration has announced a number of actions to continue the global transition to zero-and-low carbon energy sources....More Nov 15, 2016 News 92% of Power and Utilities Plan to Invest in Digital Grid in Next Year Digital grid is becoming a primary focus area for the global power and utilities sector, with 92% of companies surveyed planning to invest in the next 12 months...More Latest on T&D How™ Oct 13, 2016 Education T&D World Magazine Where Can You Go with T&D HOW Videos? Learn how to participate in the T&D How video series...More Oct 5, 2016 Video T&D How Helicopter Install of Transmission Line Monitor 1 A Transmission Line Monitor (TLM) by Lindsey is installed via helicopter on an AEP transmission line at the ESMO Show in Ohio....More Sep 28, 2016 Video T&D How BMK Pole Straightening Entergy straightens a wooden distribution pole using BMK Polecrete Stabilizer...More Sep 16, 2016 Video T&D How Recloser Control Testing ComEd demonstrates recloser control testing in the field....More Advertisement White Papers Transformer Testing Techniques and Standard Development An Assessment of Polyethylene Insulator Performance A Guide to Pre-Crisis Planning  More White Papers T&DW Learning Center Handbook of Energy Engineering Calculations SOLVE ENERGY PROBLEMS QUICKLY AND ACCURATELY American Electrician's Handbook Sixteenth Edition For a century, the American Electricians' Handbook has served as the definitive industry reference for... Temporary Grounding for Lineworker Protection This essential safety reference shows how to install grounds... View CatalogView Shopping Cart Featured Jobs   More Jobs >> Bet You Haven't Seen This Mar 28, 2016 News PG&E Wants to Be Technology Indifferent with Distributed Energy 2 Pacific Gas & Electric wants to be “technology indifferent” when it comes to distributed energy resources and let the marketplace offer up ideas....More Mar 16, 2016 News T&D World Magazine Utilities Warn of Rising Pressure on Electricity Reliability and Prices Almost half (45 percent) of utilities industry executives surveyed by Accenture worldwide, and 64 percent in Europe, reported that the traditional electricity distribution model...More Jan 13, 2016 News T&D World Magazine Another Coal Company Files for Bankruptcy Protection Arch Coal Inc. has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy and reached an agreement to restructure the company’s debt load....More Dec 16, 2015 News T&D World Magazine Climate Treaty Approved in Paris World nations gathering in Paris last week approved what may be the most historic global treaty since Versailles....More Nov 10, 2015 News T&D World Magazine Jury Finds Utilities to Blame in Las Conchas Fire A jury decided last month that two utility companies hold most of the liability in one of the largest wildfires in New Mexico’s recorded history....More Advertisement TDWorld.com Overhead Distribution Overhead Transmission Underground T&D Substations Smart Grid Business Smart Energy Consumer Renewables Site Features Media Center Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap View Mobile Site Penton Corporate About Us Advertise Terms of Service Privacy Policy Follow Us Twitter Facebook Linkedin Search TDWorld.com Search: PISCES Related Penton Sites EC&M Electrical Wholesaling Electrical Marketing TD Compare Lineman's Rodeo Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 19 October 2016 | MYT 9:29 AM Breakfast briefing: Wednesday, October 19 MarketWrap: A gauge of global equity markets climbed to a one-week high on Tuesday, lifted by rising commodity prices and a strong bounce in Europe, while solid corporate earnings helped drive share prices higher. Wall Street rose after a raft of stronger-than-expected results from UnitedHealth Group Inc, Netflix Inc and Goldman Sachs Group Inc, among others. - Reuters The DJIA rose 75.54 points, or 0.42%, to 18,161.94. The S&P 500 added 13.1 points, or 0.62%, to 2,139.6 and the Nasdaq gained 44.01 points, or 0.85%, to 5,243.84. Forex summary *The ringgit gained 0.14% to 4.1865 per US$ *It was 0.47% higher at 4.6003 per euro *Down 0.15% to 5.1464 per pound sterling *Up 0.13% to 3.0214 per Singapore dollar *0.18% higher to 3.2167 per Aussie *Up 0.04% to 4.0346 per 100 yen Energy Oil settled higher on Tuesday as expectations of Opec output curbs lifted prices despite forecasts that data would show a second straight weekly build in US crude stockpiles. Brent crude settled up 16, or 0.3%, at US$51.68 a barrel. - Reuters Top foreign stories Goldman Sachs Q3 profit soar 58%: Goldman Sachs Group Inc reported much bigger profit on Tuesday than Wall Street had been expecting, helped by a substantial rebound in bond trading.  The bank generated US$2.1 billion in net income for common shareholders in the third quarter, up 58% from the year-earlier period. - Reuters Yahoo profit beats Wall St, some analysts worry over effect of hack: Yahoo Inc reported better-than-expected quarterly adjusted profit on Tuesday, a boost for the beleaguered company whose deal to sell its core business to Verizon Communications Inc has been shaken by a massive data breach. For the third quarter ended Sept 30, net income attributable to Yahoo rose to US$162.8 million, or 17 cents per share, from US$76.3 million, or 8 cents per share, a year earlier. - Reuters Intel's results beat estimates: Intel Corp reported better-than-expected quarterly earnings and revenue, boosted by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses, but its revenue forecast for the current quarter disappointed Wall Street. The company's net revenue rose 9.1% to US$15.78 billion, while  net income increased to US$3.38 billion in the third quarter ended Oct 1. - Reuters China third-quarter economic growth seen steadying but property, debt key risks: Fuelled by government spending and a housing frenzy, China's economic growth likely steadied at 6.7% in the third quarter, but slumping private investment, surging debt and the risk of a property correction are keeping the government and global investors on edge. - Reuters Top local stories AmBank shuffle: AmBank Group expects to have in place a complete team by the middle of next year to lead the country’s fifth-largest lend- er by assets into its next phase of growth. With the contracts of most top management in the AmBank Group up for review over the next few months, group chief executive officer Datuk Sulaiman Mohd Tahir is expected to optimise his manpower resources. - StarBiz Block of Titijaya shares crossed off-market: Some 14.9 million shares of property developer Titijaya Land Bhd, representing a 3.7% stake, was crossed off-market on Tuesday RM1.76. Sources say the block could be from a local institutional fund that may be positioning itself ahead of Budget 2017 to be tabled on Friday. - StarBiz Analysts expect a ‘populist budget’: Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Tun Razak is expected to put a raft of populist measures into the 2017 budget he unveils on Friday. The budget will be Najib's best opportunity to shore up support before possible early polls, but any widening of the fiscal deficit at a time the economy is cooling could risk downgrades to Malaysia’s sovereign rating. - Reuters Top Glove targets 10% sales growth next year: Top Glove Corp Bhd is eyeing to grow sales by 10% next year as the company expands its nitrile glove production, says chairman Tan Sri Lim Wee Chai. For the financial year ended Aug 31, 2016, Top Glove hit another record sales of RM2.89bil a 15% jump from RM2.51bil previous year. - StarBiz UEM Sunrise unit loses case against IRB: UEM Sunrise Bhd told Bursa Malaysia that its unit Bandar Nusajaya Development Sdn Bhd will have to pay RM50.92mil in additional taxes and RM22.91mil in penalty after the latter lost its case against the Inland Revenue Board (IRB) in the Federal Court. - StarBiz Perisai gets notice for immediate payment on bonds: Financially-troubled Perisai Petroleum Teknologi Bhd has received a notice of demand for the immediate payment of the principal amount and interest of the notes on a S$125mil (RM378mil) bond programme. - StarBiz Risk to commercial property loans seen: TA Securities expects some default risk stemming from a glut in office and retail spaces given the challenging environment. The non-residential property segment accounts for more than RM180bil or close to 15% of total loans in the system. - StarBiz Pensonic to set up ops in Thailand, Indonesia: Pensonic Holdings Bhd will set up marketing and distribution subsidiaries in Thailand and Indonesia by next May as part of the company’s overseas expansion plan. - StarBiz Selangor Dredging sells Damansara Heights land for RM71m: Property developer Selangor Dredging Bhd has disposed of 16 plots of vacant freehold land in Damansara Heights to Bukit Selesa Development Sdn Bhd for RM71mil. The company said the disposals will enable it to unlock value and gain cash resources for working capital, apart from improving its cash flow position. - StarBiz Commission-free pure protection products via direct channel: Beginning next year, insurers will be required to offer pure protection products through a direct channel without commissions, said Bank Negara governor Datuk Muhammad Ibrahim. “The high Internet and mobile phone penetration in Malaysia suggests that internet or mobile insurance makes good sense,” he said. - StarBiz Mier warns of current account deficit risk: Malaysia’s current account balance faces a growing risk of slipping into deficit, Malaysian Institute of Economic Research (Mier) said, as the country’s trade surplus continues to shrink rapidly. - Edge FD Ezra may reassess Perisai investment: Ezra Holdings Ltd said it may need to reassess its investment in Bursa Malaysia-listed Perisai Petroleum Teknologi Bhd as it seeks waivers from bondholders on some of its debt covenants amid “strong headwinds” from low oil prices, weak charter rates and industry overcapacity. The Singapore-listed oil-service provider held a 23.01% stake in Perisai as at March 31. - Edge FD Pantech 2Q net profit halved amid weak O&G demand: Pantech Group Holdings Bhd saw its net profit plunge 51% to RM5.14 million for the second quarter on weak demand in the oil and gas (O&G) sector, while competition pressured margins.Revenue was down 14% to RM103.81 million. - Edge FD Tags / Keywords: Breakfast Briefing You May Be Interested Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Best smartphones for the holidays Alibaba's founder to support 'mini Jack Ma' until university graduation Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Tourists now prefer lodgings with Airbnb flavour, hoteliers told Hunting big game at sea MRT fare starts at RM1 Property Related advertisement Latest News Taliworks net profit jumps 80% SME contribution to GDP to grow 5%-5.5% this year Bank Negara asks foreign banks to refrain from trading NDFs Trump plans to scrap Dodd-Frank; for banks, it’s complicated Bank of Shanghai surges 44% on debut after US$1.6b IPO Most Viewed in Business Billionaire Ananda Krishnan exploring taking Astro private Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors MRT fare starts at RM1 Malaysia ask foreign banks to refrain from trading NDFs How to get the young to invest more and spend less Singapore to launch blockchain project for interbank payments Trump plans to scrap Dodd-Frank; for banks, it’s complicated Rail is a big theme in 2017 Malindo Air offering one million tickets to celebrate winning award KLCI slides at midday, ringgit weaker advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
null
null
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Security > Virus alerts FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! Hajime IoT Worm Considerably More Sophisticated than Mirai GO New threat surfaces on the IoT landscape Oct 18, 2016 22:30 GMT  ·  By Catalin Cimpanu  ·  Share:  Security researchers have discovered a new IoT worm that appears to share behavior with the more popular Mirai IoT malware, but which is far more sophisticated than the latter. Because Mirai is the Japanese word for "future," they named this new variation Hajime, the Japanese word for "beginning." Responsible for Hajime's discovery are Sam Edwards and Ioannis Profetis, security researchers for Rapidity Networks. Researchers discovered Hajime while searching for Mirai In a technical report on Hajime's activity released over the weekend, the two explain that they were drawn to investigate Mirai after they read that its author had released its source code online, for free. The two wanted to study both Mirai and how other hackers that now had access to its source code would end up using it. To gather intel on the Mirai botnets expected to pop up after the source code's release, they set up honeypot servers all over the world. On October 5, just three days after Mirai leaked online, the two discovered what appeared to be a Mirai infection, which at a closer look proved to be something new entirely. This is how the two discovered Hajime, an IoT worm that spreads the same way as Mirai, but appears to be something new entirely, despite some shared behavior. Hajime spreads on its own via brute-force attacks Researchers say that Hajime uses a three-stage infection mechanism, and self-propagates. Stage 0 occurs on an already infected system, from where Hajime starts to scan random IPv4 addresses. The worm launches a brute-force attack on port 23, trying to log in on the other end with a series of username and password combinations hardcoded in its source code. If the IP doesn't have port 23 open, or the brute-force attack fails, Hajime moves on to a new IP. In the case of a successful connection, Hajime will execute the following four commands: enable system shell sh /bin/busybox ECCHI These will allow the worm to tell if it infected a Linux-based system. According to Rapidity researchers, Hajime can target the following platforms: ARMv5, ARMv7, Intel x86-64, MIPS, and little-endian. Hajime uses a three-stage infection system At this point, the worm enters Stage 1, and it starts the download of a foreign binary, a 484-byte ELF program. ELFs are Linux binary files, similar to EXEs on Windows. The Hajime worm launches this binary, which has only one purpose, to open a connection to the attacker's server and write the bytes it receives to a new binary, launching it into execution when the data transfer finishes. Researchers say this Stage 2 binary uses the DHT protocol to connect to a P2P botnet, from where it downloads further payloads (binaries, modules) via the uTP protocol. Both DHT and uTP are backbone protocols for BitTorrent clients. Hajime is similar to many IoT malware families, but different Hajime's mode of operation outdoes Mirai's and seems to have borrowed many tricks from other IoT malware as well. Hajime uses DHT to connect to a P2P botnet, just like Rex; uses a list of built-in username & password combinations to brute-force random IPs and spread on its own, just like Mirai; and uses a multi-stage infection mechanism, just like NyaDrop. The difference is that Hajime is written in C, not Go (Rex), uses a P2P network, not a direct C&C server connection (Mirai), and works with a larger number of platforms, not just MIPS (NyaDrop). So at this stage, Hajime seems to have included the best parts of other IoT malware, and it is far more sophisticated than anything else seen targeting IoT devices today. Hajime targets IP cameras, DVRs and CCTV systems Based on the hardcoded credentials included in the worm's source code, Hajime targets routers, DVRs, and CCTV systems, just like Mirai and NyaDrop. More specifically, Hajime targets equipment manufactured by Dahua Technologies (a known offender), the ZTE Corporation, and various other companies to which XiongMai Technologies had sold white-label DVR systems. To avoid having equipment taken over by the Hajime worm, Rapidy Networks suggests three techniques to detect and mitigate infections: (1) block any UDP packet containing Hajime's key exchange message, (2) block TCP port 4636 used in Stage 1, and (3) block any traffic from Telnet sessions that execute the "/bin/busybox ECCHI" shell command. As for who's behind Hajime, the Rapidity researchers have a theory: "Analysis of the file timestamps shows that the author is most active between the hours of 15:00-23:00 UTC, with no activity from 00:00-05:00 UTC. This roughly fits the sleeping pattern of an individual in Europe." Furthermore, the team found evidence that work on Hajime started back in 2013, but that the worm was released in the wild only this past September. "While both Hajime and Mirai use an extremely similar attack pattern when spreading to new hosts, the actual scanning  and propagation logic appears to have been taken from qBot," Edwards and Profetis added. "If the above launch date estimate is correct [Mon, 26 Sep 2016 08:41:54 GMT], ​Hajime began operation a few days before the release of Mirai's source code, and is unlikely to contain any actual Mirai code." Username & password combos included in Hajime's source code   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (2 Images) #Hajime#Mirai#IoT malware#IoT worm#malware subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Photo Gallery (2 Images) 01 02 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Mirai IoT DDoS Trojan Now Targets Cellular Network Equipment A New Linux Trojan Called NyaDrop Threatens the IoT Landscape 12-Year-Old SSH Bug Used to Relay Malicious Traffic via IoT Devices Akamai Post-Mortem Report Confirms Mirai as Source of Krebs DDoS Attacks Microsoft Pledges to Completely Retire Office 2007 Next Year Firefox 50.0 Officially Released for Linux, Mac and Windows, Here's What's New Some U.S. Android Phones Have Secret Backdoor That Sends Data to China Apple Insider Says iPhone 6 Plus Has a Major Bug, Company Should Start Recall Microsoft Pledges to Completely Retire Office 2007 Next Year X.Org Server 1.19.0 Officially Released, Coming Soon to a Linux Distro Near You Red Hat Software Collections 2.3 and Red Hat Developer Toolset 6 Available Now Linux Kernel 4.4.32 LTS Adds Networking Improvements, Updated AMDGPU Drivers 2 photos    Researchers discover Hajime IoT worm Related Apps File Encryption XP: Encrypt files and folders by entering personal or randomly generated passwords using this intuitive and user-friendly application Malwarebytes Anti-Exploit: Straightforward application with intuitive options that provides a real-time safeguard against vulnerability exploits, catering to all user levels Firefox Password: Recover lost Firefox passwords and login information with this powerful application that uses dictionary, brute-force or mixed attacks to retrieve data Word Password: Retrieve passwords for Microsoft Word documents by using multiple recovery methods, with this handy and intuitive piece of software PowerPoint Password: Password recovery utility for Microsoft Powerpoint presentations, featuring three attack modes (dictionary, brute-force mask, brute-force charset) and plenty of configuration settings Project Password: Recover or remove your forgotten Microsoft Project passwords from MPP and MPT files with the help of this simple and useful utility Tor Browser: A familiar web browser carefully adjusted to allow you to safely visit your favorite pages while also keeping your identity hidden Reader comments Problems Reappear for IoT Device Owners with Discovery of New DDoS Trojan more on: IRCTelnet i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Intel Sinks Despite Solid Earnings Beat By Chris Lange October 18, 2016 4:32 pm EST Print Email Tweet Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) reported third-quarter financial results after markets closed on Tuesday. Overall revenues increased by 9% from last year’s third quarter while net income rose 21%, even guidance was in line. However this was not enough for investors as they sent shares lower in the after-hours session. The company said that it had $0.80 in earnings per share (EPS) on $15.8 billion in revenue. Thomson Reuters consensus estimates were calling for $0.72 in EPS on $15.58 billion in revenue. The same period in the previous year had $0.66 in EPS on $14.46 billion in revenue. For its business segments the company reported: Client Computing Group revenue of $8.9 billion, up 21% sequentially and up 5% year over year. Data Center Group revenue of $4.5 billion, up 13% sequentially and up 10% from last year. Internet of Things Group revenue of $689 million, up 20% sequentially and up 19% year over year. Non-Volatile Memory Solutions Group revenue of $649 million, up 17% sequentially and down 1% year over year. Intel Security Group revenue of $537 million, flat sequentially and up 6% from last year. Programmable Solutions Group revenue of $425 million, down 9% sequentially. In terms of fourth quarter guidance, the company expects to see revenues of $15.7 billion, give or take $500 million. The consensus estimates are calling for $0.76 in EPS on $15.86 billion in revenue for the coming quarter. During the quarter, the company generated approximately $5.8 billion in cash from operations, paid dividends of $1.2 billion, and used $457 million to repurchase 13 million shares of stock. On the books, cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments totaled $8.02 billion at the end of the quarter, versus $17.99 billion at the end of 2015. Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO, commented: It was an outstanding quarter, and we set a number of new records across the business. In addition to strong financials, we delivered exciting new technologies while continuing to align our people and products to our strategy. We’re executing well, and these results show Intel’s continuing transformation to a company that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected devices. Shares of Intel closed Tuesday up 1.2% at $37.75, with a consensus analyst price target of $40.65 and a 52-week trading range of $27.68 to $38.36. Following the release of the earnings report, the stock was initially down 3.7% at $36.35 in the after-hours trading session. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Yahoo Releases Q3 Earnings Countries That Hate America the Most » Read more: Technology, Earnings, semiconductors, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Worst Companies to Work For The Drunkest City in Each State Major Changes in Warren Buffett & Berkshire Hathaway Stocks: American Airlines, Delta, Kinder Morgan, Wal-Mart, BNY Mellon and More 50 Worst Cities to Live In Home Depot Black Friday Ad Now Available Recent Nokia, Teva Plunge into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club Verizon, Chevron Dominate DJIA Tuesday SEC Awards Whistleblower Over $20 Million Solar Plants Raise Local Temperatures Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Dick's Sporting Goods Inc. Fumbles -- Why Shares Fell Twitter's Executive Exodus Continues This Big Activist Investor Just Bought Shares of Twitter Gap names Teri List-Stoll as new finance chief Snapchat IPO could value company at $20 billion to $25 billion, go public in March: WSJ Snapchat files confidentially for IPO: WSJ New Highs for the Holidays? Big Economic Shifts Challenge Your Decision-Making Trustmark (TRMK) Inks Merger Deal with RB Bancorporation A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively Dick's Sporting Goods Inc. Fumbles -- Why Shares Fell Twitter's Executive Exodus Continues This Big Activist Investor Just Bought Shares of Twitter Bernie Sanders Calls Out Donald Trump For Backpedaling On One Thing They Agreed On Facebook, Google Take Small Steps To Stop Spread Of Fake News Snapchat Files For IPO That Would Be Biggest In Years For Tech Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Topic News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted For Bloggers PRNewswire Distribution Search CIARA Unleashes the Largest Portfolio of Extreme Low Latency HFT Servers at FIA 2016 New technology and architecture innovations from CIARA, the ORION line of HFT optimized servers featuring high density and high core count accelerated technologies. CIARA ORION Model HF310-G3 Extreme Low Latency for HFT   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * Ciara * Hft * Intel By Industry: * FinanceCHICAGO - Oct. 18, 2016 - PRLog -- CIARA Technologies, a leading provider of enterprise servers and storage today announced the launch of their latest innovations in HFT architectures and technologies to be exhibited at FIA 2016, booth 204, at the HILTON CHICAGO. CIARA is showcasing the ORION HF310-G3, a 1U highly overclocked server running on Intel®Core™ processors and their highly anticipated ORION HF620D-G3, a 2U 2-node dual processor system built with CIARA's Turbo-Speed hardware acceleration technology. CIARA also announced support for the Intel® Xeon® processor E5-2689v4 and Intel®Core™ i7 6950X (code name Broadwell-EP and Broadwell-E) across all ORION HF servers. The ORION HF server line is designed for extreme low latency, high frequency and bandwidth. This server line combines a powerful set of features that enable financial services customers to implement a hardware-based solution where micro or nanoseconds are the measuring scales, without sacrificing enterprise-class quality, high density and energy savings maximization. "With our new generation of high frequency/low latency servers, we are revolutionizing the way trading firms and banks can improve their tick-to-trade and maximize their colocation infrastructure" stated Patrick Scateni, Vice President of Sales and Marketing at CIARA. "The key to who wins and who loses is based on the latency between digesting the market feed and placing the order; those who move the fastest are the ones who will profit and in the world of speed and ultra-low latency CIARA is the undisputed champion". CIARA's new ORION HF server line is unrivaled in the financial industry for the breadth and range of available configurations. Supporting the new Intel® Broadwell Processors family, the ORION HF's are now up to 60% faster on demanding workloads. These new 1U and 2U/2 node platforms deliver unparalleled performance for HFT applications by accelerating processing power and tuning BIOS/firmware to attain up to 25% lower latency (500 ns faster than the competition's 99% result) over competitive solutions while still maintaining high reliability as a primary design focus. CIARA ORION HF-G3 Portfolio: Intel® Core™ (single processor up to 10 cores) based systems ·ORION HF310-G3 – 1U overclocked HF Server ·ORION HF320-G3 – 2U overclocked HF Server ·ORION HF320D-G3 – 2U 2-node overclocked HF Server   (two independent hot-swap nodes) ·ORION HF330-G3 – 3U expandable HF Server Intel® Xeon® (dual processor 2600v4 up to 44 cores) based systems ·ORION HF620-G3 – 2U overclocked (Turbo-Speed acceleration technology)   HF Server ·ORION HF620D-G3 – 2U 2-node (Turbo-Speed acceleration technology)   HF Server (two independent hot-swap nodes) Products ship with tool-less rapid rail technology, have the latest generation remote management tools, are Linux and Windows compatible and have a warranty model tailored for customers in the financial sector (24/7 support after trading hours and during weekends). Rack and Stack engineering and worldwide logistics services for rapid rollout of multi-site solutions is available through CIARA or one of their authorized resellers. Media Contact Cynthia Ruffino CIARA Technologies Inc 514-758-9894 cruffino@hypertec.com End Source : Ciara Technologies » Follow Email : ***@hypertec.com Listed Under- Tags : Ciara, Hft, Intel Industry : Finance Location : Chicago - Illinois - United States Subject : Products A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse Trending News Long Island African American Chamber of Commerce, Inc. Announces Web Launch and Networking Soiree SaltStick Vitassium, Designed to Meet the Needs of People Suffering From Dysautonomia, Is Available Staybridge Suites Opens in Maryland Heights, Mo Seva Beauty celebrates grand opening of second Las Vegas-area location by helping March of Dimes Titletown Manufacturing is a Leader in Machining Small Metal Parts Top Daily News Aftermath Services awards $5000 K9 Grant to Alamogordo Police Department - 595 views Seva Beauty celebrates grand opening of second Las Vegas-area location by helping March of Dimes - 319 views The Ken Blanchard Companies® Wins 2016 Top Workplaces Award - 246 views Power Design Earns Gold for Innovative Technology Partnership - 166 views HRO Today Announces Winners of 2016 Annual Awards EMEA - 158 views Top Weekly News President-elect Donald Trump Recognizes Homeschool Movement - 62207 views Detroit actor relishes role, respects his character in 'Wild Faith' - 3748 views Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 766 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 537 views Beyond Tablet Honored with CES 2017 Innovation Award - 536 views PTC News Say YES to Year End Savings on Quick Move-In Lennar Homes Across Colorado - 311 views Fisher, Felton, Lloyd, Amell Top Celebrities At Wizard World New Orleans, January 6-8, 2017 - 218 views New Models Open at D'Andrea Tomorrow - 200 views PM&E Inc. Is Pleased To Announce a Purchase Order for an EVADA A4 Ambulance - 174 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 152 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Get Feeds | Get Alerted | For Bloggers | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #TrumpAtWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Yahoo profit beats as emerging businesses shine Yahoo profit beats estimates as emerging businesses shine Business Standard Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates Reuters  October 19, 2016 Last Updated at 02:27 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TISllP Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Alibaba's revenue beats estimates; mobile revenue soars Intel's quarterly revenue rises 9.1 percent Time Inc's quarterly revenue misses estimates Web-hosting company GoDaddy's revenue beats estimates JPMorgan quarterly profit falls 7.6 pct but beats estimates (Reuters) - Intel Corp INTC.O reported a better-than-expected 9.1 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses. The world's largest chipmaker said it expects fourth-quarter revenue to be $15.7 billion, plus or minus $500 million. Analysts on average were expecting revenue of $15.86 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Intel's shares were down 3.9 percent at $36.29 in after-hours trading on Tuesday. Revenue from the data centre business, which offers storage and cloud-based software services, rose 9.7 percent to $4.54 billion in the third quarter, from a year earlier. Demand for cloud-based services has been growing as more businesses shift to cloud-computing methods. Revenue from the company's traditional PC business, which still accounts for over half of Intel's total revenue, rose 4.5 percent to $8.89 billion. According to research firm IDC, global PC shipments fell by a smaller-than-expected 3.9 percent in the third quarter. (http://bit.ly/2dIkLfi) Excluding items, the company earned 80 cents per share, above analysts' average estimate of 73 cents. The company's net revenue rose to $15.78 billion from $14.47 billion, beating the average analyst estimate of $15.58 billion. Net income rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct. 1, from $3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. (http://bit.ly/2eeVLzW) Up to Tuesday's close, Intel's shares had risen 9.6 percent this year, lagging the 22.8 percent gain in the broader Philadelphia semiconductor index .SOX. (Reporting by Narottam Medhora and Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Intel's Quarterly Revenue Beats Estimates PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Punto Evo - With Cash Benefits upto ? 60,000. Know More. T&C Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Intelligent Retail of the Future Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates (Reuters) - Intel Corp INTC.O reported a better-than-expected 9.1 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses. (Reuters) - Intel Corp INTC.O reported a better-than-expected 9.1 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses. The world's largest chipmaker said it expects fourth-quarter revenue to be $15.7 billion, plus or minus $500 million. Analysts on average were expecting revenue of $15.86 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Intel's shares were down 3.9 percent at $36.29 in after-hours trading on Tuesday. Revenue from the data centre business, which offers storage and cloud-based software services, rose 9.7 percent to $4.54 billion in the third quarter, from a year earlier. Demand for cloud-based services has been growing as more businesses shift to cloud-computing methods. Revenue from the company's traditional PC business, which still accounts for over half of Intel's total revenue, rose 4.5 percent to $8.89 billion. According to research firm IDC, global PC shipments fell by a smaller-than-expected 3.9 percent in the third quarter. (http://bit.ly/2dIkLfi) Excluding items, the company earned 80 cents per share, above analysts' average estimate of 73 cents. The company's net revenue rose to $15.78 billion from $14.47 billion, beating the average analyst estimate of $15.58 billion. Net income rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct. 1, from $3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. (http://bit.ly/2eeVLzW) Up to Tuesday's close, Intel's shares had risen 9.6 percent this year, lagging the 22.8 percent gain in the broader Philadelphia semiconductor index .SOX. (Reporting by Narottam Medhora and Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates (Reuters) - Intel Corp INTC.O reported a better-than-expected 9.1 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses. The world's largest chipmaker said it expects fourth-quarter revenue to be $15.7 billion, plus or minus $500 million. Analysts on average were expecting revenue of $15.86 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Intel's shares were down 3.9 percent at $36.29 in after-hours trading on Tuesday. Revenue from the data centre business, which offers storage and cloud-based software services, rose 9.7 percent to $4.54 billion in the third quarter, from a year earlier. Demand for cloud-based services has been growing as more businesses shift to cloud-computing methods. Revenue from the company's traditional PC business, which still accounts for over half of Intel's total revenue, rose 4.5 percent to $8.89 billion. According to research firm IDC, global PC shipments fell by a smaller-than-expected 3.9 percent in the third quarter. (http://bit.ly/2dIkLfi) Excluding items, the company earned 80 cents per share, above analysts' average estimate of 73 cents. The company's net revenue rose to $15.78 billion from $14.47 billion, beating the average analyst estimate of $15.58 billion. Net income rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct. 1, from $3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. (http://bit.ly/2eeVLzW) Up to Tuesday's close, Intel's shares had risen 9.6 percent this year, lagging the 22.8 percent gain in the broader Philadelphia semiconductor index .SOX. (Reporting by Narottam Medhora and Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #TrumpAtWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Wall Street climbs on earnings improvement Business Standard Intel's quarterly revenue rises 9.1 percent Reuters  October 19, 2016 Last Updated at 01:54 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TISllL Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Hotel chain Marriott's quarterly revenue rises 7.4 percent Data storage company SanDisk's quarterly revenue rises 2.5 percent Payment processor PayPal's quarterly revenue rises 19 percent Disney's second quarter revenue rises 4.1 percent IBM's quarterly revenue falls 4.6 percent (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported a 9.1 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses. The world's largest chipmaker said net income rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct 1, from $3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. [] The company's net revenue rose to $15.78 billion from $14.47 billion. (http://bit.ly/2eeVLzW) (This story corrects paragraph three to say revenue rose to $15.78 billion, not $15.79 billion) (Reporting by Narottam Medhora and Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Intel's Quarterly Revenue Rises 9.1 Percent PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Punto Evo - With Cash Benefits upto ? 60,000. Know More. T&C Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Intelligent Retail of the Future Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Intel's quarterly revenue rises 9.1 percent (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported a 9.1 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses. (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported a 9.1 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses. The world's largest chipmaker said net income rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct 1, from $3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. [] The company's net revenue rose to $15.78 billion from $14.47 billion. (http://bit.ly/2eeVLzW) (This story corrects paragraph three to say revenue rose to $15.78 billion, not $15.79 billion) (Reporting by Narottam Medhora and Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Intel's quarterly revenue rises 9.1 percent (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported a 9.1 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses. The world's largest chipmaker said net income rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct 1, from $3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. [] The company's net revenue rose to $15.78 billion from $14.47 billion. (http://bit.ly/2eeVLzW) (This story corrects paragraph three to say revenue rose to $15.78 billion, not $15.79 billion) (Reporting by Narottam Medhora and Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Wed, Nov 16, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Intel reports better-than-expected rise in revenue Improving PC demand and growth in cloud business boosts world’s largest chipmaker Tue, Oct 18, 2016, 22:54 Updated: Wed, Oct 19, 2016, 07:31 Intel’s headquarters in Santa Clara, California: the company has been helped by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses. Photograph: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg         Intel Corp has reported a better-than-expected 9.1 per cent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses. Intel’s shares were down 3.9 per cent at $36.29 in after-hours trading. Market sentiment was hit by Intel’s forecast of fourth-quarter revenue between $15.2 billion and $16.2 billion, raising the risk that the figure could come in below the median market estimate of $15.9 billion. Revenue from the data centre business, which offers storage and cloud-based software services, rose 9.7 per cent to $4.54 billion in the third quarter, from a year earlier. Demand for cloud-based services has been growing as more businesses shift to cloud-computing methods. Revenue from the company’s traditional PC business, which still accounts for over half of Intel’s total revenue, rose 4.5 per cent to $8.89 billion. According to research firm IDC, global PC shipments fell by a smaller-than-expected 3.9 per cent in the third quarter. Excluding items, the company earned 80 cents per share, above analysts’ average estimate of 73 cents. The company’s net revenue rose to $15.78 billion from $14.47 billion, beating the average analyst estimate of $15.58 billion. Net income at the world’s largest chipmaker rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents per share, in the third quarter ended October 1st, from $3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. Up to Tuesday’s close, Intel’s shares had risen 9.6 per cent this year, lagging the 22.8 per cent gain in the broader Philadelphia semiconductor index. – Reuters       Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Transport & Tourism Easyjet may apply for Irish licence to ensure EU access Personal Finance The bond rout and Irish pension savers: what you need to be aware of International Gordon D’Arcy: All Blacks will be bitter, Ireland must be better Business Sensors help police curb gang violence in Cape Town Sponsored World-first tech restores mains electricity to Aran Islands Newbridge Silverware builds ambitious plan for US market My Jaguar F-Pace: ‘I was completely blown away’ Ten things to consider when buying a new sofa ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Hines emerges as top bidder for student residence beside UCD 06:45 Bank of Ireland ‘will utilise any relaxation of mortgage rules’ 06:34 €700 per sq m rent for top D2 offices 06:30 Tourist industry urged to shift focus from UK to EU 06:08 London Briefing: Carney takes chance to get own back on MPs 06:06 ADVERTISEMENT Tech Tools Could sleep problems be a thing of the past with Sense? Tech Tools: ‘Sleep pills’ that aren’t, and a glowing orb that controls everything. Welcome to the future MacBook Pro gets overdue update Tech Tools: Touch Bar replaces function key in new model Review: Dyson 360 Eye – robot vacuum cleaner with hefty price Tech Tools: Dyson’s device can be controlled remotely via app and has 360-degree camera Review: PlayStation VR – immersive gaming within reach Sony’s virtual reality system requires add ons but offers ease, comfort and interaction Most Read in Business 1 London Briefing: Carney takes chance to get own back on MPs 2 Sorry millennials: Buying a home was just as hard for your parents 3 UK group secures €22m profit on Irish Nationwide's Dublin HQ 4 Bank of Ireland ‘will utilise any relaxation of mortgage rules’ 5 & Other Stories to open on Grafton Street next month 6 Hines emerges as top bidder for student residence beside UCD 7 Major Bray shopping and cinema complex to go ahead 8 Dublin’s development plan short on density 9 Easyjet may apply for Irish licence to ensure EU access 10 Martin McGuinness says he was ‘in the dark’ over Project Eagle Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Web Log Mac App Store now facing strong competition San Francisco hosts world’s first convention for emoji fans Study links moderate Facebook use to living longer Web Log: Social media users ‘worn out’ by US politics chatter Weblog: Twitter messes with your timeline (again) Game Reviews Pokemon Go Review   Gotta catch ‘em all? Be prepared for the long haul Gordon Ramsay Dash   If you can’t stand the heat... Preview: EA’S UFC 2   Step into the Octagon Tearaway Unfolded   Big screen debut for Atoi & Co Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Wed 16/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Financial Post Home National Post News Opinion Markets Investing Personal Finance FP Magazine Tech Executive Entrepreneur Midas Letter Subscribe Investing Investing Pro Global Investor Market Moves Trading Desk Buy & Sell ETFs Market Moves TrendingDonald Trump | Earnings | Real Estate | Marijuana | OPEC | Federal Reserve | Gold | Loonie Intel Corp’s quarterly revenue beats estimates with help from growing data centre and cloud business Reuters | October 18, 2016 5:51 PM ET More from Reuters Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Intel Corp reported a better-than-expected 9.1 per cent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses. The world’s largest chipmaker said it expects fourth-quarter revenue to be US$15.7 billion, plus or minus US$500 million. Analysts on average were expecting revenue of US$15.86 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Intel’s shares were down 3.9 per cent at US$36.29 in after-hours trading on Tuesday. Revenue from the data centre business, which offers storage and cloud-based software services, rose 9.7 per cent to US$4.54 billion in the third quarter, from a year earlier. Demand for cloud-based services has been growing as more businesses shift to cloud-computing methods. Revenue from the company’s traditional PC business, which still accounts for over half of Intel’s total revenue, rose 4.5 per cent to US$8.89 billion. According to research firm IDC, global PC shipments fell by a smaller-than-expected 3.9 per cent in the third quarter. Excluding items, the company earned 80 cents per share, above analysts’ average estimate of 73 cents. The company’s net revenue rose to US$15.78 billion from US$14.47 billion, beating the average analyst estimate of $15.58 billion. Net income rose to US$3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct. 1, from US$3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. Up to Tuesday’s close, Intel’s shares had risen 9.6 per cent this year, lagging the 22.8 per cent gain in the broader Philadelphia semiconductor index. © Thomson Reuters 2016 Find Financial Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: FP Tech Desk, Market Moves, earnings, IBM Corp. Find a Story Stock Search Investing Videos Advertisement from Market One Media Business Trends Sponsored by Market One This story was created by Content Works, Postmedia's commercial content division, on behalf of Market One Media Group. Cuba’s future looks bright Advertisement from Market One This stories was provided by Market One for commercial purposes. How Reliq’s Technology is Poised to Improve the Healthcare Sector Advertisement from Market One This stories was provided by Market One for commercial purposes. Lithium demand powering ahead Advertisement from Market One This stories was provided by Market One for commercial purposes. Mining legend Lukas Lundin on his rules to success, 3 commodities he is bullish about and more Provided by Promoted by iShares by Blackrock Active Investor was produced by Postmedia's advertising department in collaboration with iShares by BlackRock to promote awareness of this topic for commercial purposes. Postmedia's editorial departments had no involvement in the creation of this content. Active Investor Modest Fed rate hike could be good news for Canadian stocks Canadian trade stuck in neutral Long-term social, political divisions await next U.S. president Promoted by Featured contributors Jonathan Ratner Investing Reporter/Producer Read Jonathan's recent articles John Shmuel Reporter Read John's recent articles Joe Chidley Columnist Read Joe's recent articles Martin Pelletier Columnist Read Martin's recent articles Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn © 2016 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 23° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 40-52 We set you thinking Wednesday 16 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream China&India Nepal detains Tibetan refugees in crackdown as China's influence grows 1479230520 China&India Senior Pakistan official says to visit India, hints at detente 1479230640 World North Korea does not care who is president of United States 1479234660 Business Singapore startups win big at Global FinTech Hackcelerator 1479224760 World U.S. says war crimes probe of U.S. forces in Afghanistan unwarranted 1479256620 World France, UN tell Trump action on climate change unstoppable 1479242795 World Both sides accused of abuses in battle for Mosul 1479256306 Business New home sales jump to 15-month high in October 1479219600 Business Uncertain economy sees 1.9% decline in non-auto retail sales 1479216960 World Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open 1479252061 World Syria's Assad: must wait and see if Trump lives up to promises to fight militants 1479252521 Business Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years: sources 1479252495 World Greek police fire teargas at protesters in Athens during Obama visit 1479232137 Business Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine: Bloomberg 1479253043 World Air strikes pound rebel-held east Aleppo after weeks-long pause 1479245630 Singapore Police investigating protest held in solidarity with Malaysia’s Bersih 5.0 1479240060 Singapore Museum visitorship hit record 3.7 million in 2015 1479217860 Singapore Trade, green issues on the agenda for PM at Apec 1479240060 World Key Venezuela lawmakers step down in concession to government 1479251416 Business Exclusive: EU regulators seen clearing $25 billion Abbott, St Jude deal: source 1479250359 World Air strike targeting militants kills seven in southern Libya: official 1479250641 Business United to restrict low-fare flyers to one carry-on bag 1479250608 Business Wall Street rises, lifted by technology and energy stocks 1479247140 Singapore Programme lauded for helping special-needs children improve skills 1479223860 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Nov 16 1479247260 World Central American plan launched to fight gangs, curb migration 1479248485 Business Ford going ahead with moving small car production to Mexico: CEO 1479247289 World U.N. envoy urges Trump to back Syria 'devolution' to beat Islamic State 1479248371 World Russia uses aircraft carrier for big attack on Syrian rebels 1479249304 Business Oil rallies on output cut bets; tech, energy lead stocks up 1479242272 World 'I was forced to kill my best friend', former DRC child soldier says 1479242921 World Argentina shifts drug trafficking offensive to private ports 1479242696 World Ukraine's Poroshenko, Trump agree to meeting: Kiev 1479242349 World France's Fillon gains on Juppe for presidency nomination: poll 1479242160 World Turkish-backed rebels capture main town before IS-held al Bab 1479241781 World U.S. 'strongly condemns' resumption of Russian air strikes in Syria 1479241601 World Merkel to announce decision on fourth term at suitable time: spokesman 1479240251 World German domestic spy chief rejects Turkey's allegation it harbors PKK militants 1479239175 World Algeria's Bouteflika returns from medical check-up in France: state media 1479235789 Business SEC approves 'Hubble Telescope' for securities markets 1479245636 Business Republicans to U.S. securities regulator: Leave new rules to Trump 1479246976 World Russia says its missile strikes did not hit Aleppo: Ifax 1479236860 World U.S. to maintain commitment to allies in Asia, admiral says 1479242248 World Ex-minister Macron to run for French presidency: source 1479232894 Business Twitter to upgrade some features to thwart cyber-bullying 1479226117 World Cuba pardons 787 prisoners after pope's call for mercy 1479238988 World Kerry announces Yemen ceasefire over objections of government 1479238235 World Obama offers Greece solidarity on debt as police, protesters clash 1479234817 World Turkey says it's tired of 'two-faced' EU attitude 1479242010 World Assange questioned for second day at Ecuador's UK embassy over rape allegation 1479223641 Business Intel's results beat estimates; forecast disappoints The logo of Intel, the world's largest chipmaker is seen at their offices in Jerusalem. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:30 AM, October 19, 2016 Updated: 6:50 AM, October 19, 2016 Intel Corp <INTC.O> reported better-than-expected quarterly earnings and revenue, boosted by improving PC demand and growth in its data center and cloud businesses, but its revenue forecast for the current quarter disappointed Wall Street. The world's largest chipmaker's shares were down 5.3 percent at $35.75 in after-hours trading on Tuesday. Intel said it expects fourth-quarter revenue of $15.7 billion, plus or minus $500 million. Analysts on average were expecting $15.86 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "This is below the average seasonal increase for the fourth quarter as we expect the worldwide PC supply chain to reduce their inventory," Executive Vice President Stacy Smith said on a conference call with analysts. Last month, Intel raised its third-quarter revenue forecast for the first time in more than two years, citing improving PC demand. The company's decision to raise third-quarter forecast moved investors' expectations to a higher level, Stifel Nicolaus analyst Kevin Cassidy said. Revenue from the data center business, which offers storage and cloud-based software services, rose 9.7 percent to $4.54 billion in the third quarter, from a year earlier. Revenue growth from this unit for the full year will likely be in the high single digits, Intel Chief Executive Brian Krzanich said on the call. Demand for cloud-based services has been growing as more businesses shift to cloud-computing methods. Intel, which has been hurt due to weak PC demand, said last month it was seeing signs of improvement among PC parts suppliers. According to research firm IDC, global PC shipments fell by a smaller-than-expected 3.9 percent in the third quarter. (http://bit.ly/2dIkLfi) Revenue from the company's traditional PC business, which still accounts for over half of Intel's total revenue, rose 4.5 percent to $8.89 billion. Excluding items, the company earned 80 cents per share, above analysts' average estimate of 73 cents. The company's net revenue rose 9.1 percent to $15.78 billion, beating the average analyst estimate of $15.58 billion. Net income rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct. 1, from $3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. (http://bit.ly/2eeVLzW) Up to Tuesday's close, Intel's shares had risen 9.6 percent this year, lagging the 22.8 percent gain in the broader Philadelphia semiconductor index <.SOX>. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yum unit Taco Bell to have 8,000 U.S. outlets by end-2022 World debut: Jaguar unveils all-electric I-Pace SUV With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? What next for Singapore’s private housing market? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Weatherford International CEO Bernard Duroc-Danner leaves Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Wall Street surges after Trump wins White House Inside Today World U.S. says war crimes probe of U.S. forces in Afghanistan unwarranted Both sides accused of abuses in battle for Mosul Syria's Assad: must wait and see if Trump lives up to promises to fight militants Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open Key Venezuela lawmakers step down in concession to government Business Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine: Bloomberg Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years: sources United to restrict low-fare flyers to one carry-on bag Exclusive: EU regulators seen clearing $25 billion Abbott, St Jude deal: source Ford going ahead with moving small car production to Mexico: CEO Sports Lions mean business ahead of Suzuki Cup Fiji Rugby Union upset by world awards snub China keen to host Rugby World Cup soon MCCY appoints FAS provisional council, with Lim as president Asean Super League set for Sept 2017 kick-off Entertainment Guns and stunts Vasantham Live concert to showcase local musicians, Tamil hits Doing it Lulu style PPAP singer to come to Singapore French rockers Trumps change name due to US election results About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»INTEL AKTIE»ROUNDUP: Intel Q3 Profit Rises INTEL CORPORATION 32,552  Euro +0,101 +0,31 % WKN: 855681  ISIN: US4581401001 Ticker-Symbol: INL  Frankfurt | 16.11.16 | 08:00 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheHalbleiter AktienmarktNASDAQ-100 DJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 32,493 32,64 08:23 32,507 32,60 08:23 18.10.2016 | 23:35 (6 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News ROUNDUP: Intel Q3 Profit Rises SANTA CLARA (dpa-AFX) - Intel Corp. (INTC), the world's biggest chipmaker, Tuesday reported an increase in profit for the third quarter that also beat estimates, as revenues increased driven by data center and internet of things business. Santa Clara, California-based Intel's third-quarter profit rose to $3.38 billion or $0.69 per share from $3.11 billion or $0.64 per share last year. Adjusted earnings for the quarter were $0.80 per share. On average, 29 analysts polled by Thomson Reuters estimated earnings of $0.72 per share for the quarter. Intel's revenues for the quarter rose 9 percent to $15.78 billion from $14.47 billion last year. Analysts had a consensus revenue estimate of $15.58 billion for the quarter. Intel used to generates a chunk of its revenues by selling chips for computers, however, the company has been negatively impacted by slowing demand for PCs. The company also invested heavily to diversify its portfolio to include chips for smartphones and tablets, but, its chips are not so popular among smartphone and tablet makers. Meanwhile, Intel now focuses to transition away from being a computer-based company to a company that 'powers the cloud and billions of connected computing devices.' Intel sees data center and Internet of Things (IoT) businesses as its primary growth engines, which now contributed a significant chunk of revenues and operating profit, helping it mask negative effects from the PC segment. Client computing group revenues were up 5 percent to $8.93 billion, while data center segment revenues grew 10 percent to $4.5 billion and Internet of Things unit rose 19 percent to $689 million. 'In addition to strong financials, we delivered exciting new technologies while continuing to align our people and products to our strategy. We're executing well, and these results show Intel's continuing transformation to a company that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected devices,' said Brian Krzanich. Looking forward to the fourth quarter, Intel expects revenues of $15.7 billion, plus or minus $500 million. Analysts currently estimate revenues of $15.86 billion. INTC closed Wednesday's trading at $37.75, up $0.46 or 1.23%, on the Nasdaq. The stock, however, slipped $1.46 or 3.87% in the after-hours trade. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu INTEL CORPORATION Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 00:51 "The Intel Of Your Generation is Nvidia!' Screams Cramer ► Artikel lesen Di Intel announces $250 million for autonomous driving tech ► Artikel lesen Di Intel to invest over $250M in autonomous driving ► Artikel lesen Di Intel Is Making a Major Investment in Autonomous Vehicles ► Artikel lesen Di Intel Earmarks $250 Million To Fund Startups Working on Automated Vehicle Tech ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart INTEL CORPORATION Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % INTEL CORPORATION 32,552 +0,31 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine U.S. Europe Asia Pacific Latin America Africa & Mideast Home» Report on Business» International Business» U.S. Business The logo of Intel is seen during the annual Computex computer exhibition in Taipei. (© Tyrone Siu / Reuters) The logo of Intel is seen during the annual Computex computer exhibition in Taipei. (© Tyrone Siu / Reuters) Intel’s quarterly revenue beats estimates Add to ... Reuters Published Tuesday, Oct. 18, 2016 4:33PM EDT Last updated Tuesday, Oct. 18, 2016 5:01PM EDT Comments AA Intel Corp reported a better-than-expected 9.1 per cent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses. The world’s largest chipmaker said it expects fourth-quarter revenue to be $15.7-billion, plus or minus $500 million. Analysts on average were expecting revenue of $15.86-billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Intel’s shares were down 3.9 per cent at $36.29 in after-hours trading on Tuesday. Revenue from the data centre business, which offers storage and cloud-based software services, rose 9.7 per cent to $4.54-billion in the third quarter, from a year earlier. Demand for cloud-based services has been growing as more businesses shift to cloud-computing methods. Revenue from the company’s traditional PC business, which still accounts for over half of Intel’s total revenue, rose 4.5 per cent to $8.89-billion. According to research firm IDC, global PC shipments fell by a smaller-than-expected 3.9 per cent in the third quarter. Excluding items, the company earned 80 cents per share, above analysts’ average estimate of 73 cents. The company’s net revenue rose to $15.78-billion from $14.47-billion, beating the average analyst estimate of $15.58-billion. Net income rose to $3.38-billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct. 1, from $3.11-billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. Up to Tuesday’s close, Intel’s shares had risen 9.6 per cent this year, lagging the 22.8 per cent gain in the broader Philadelphia semiconductor index. Report Typo/Error   INTC-QIntel Corp Latest Price$34.91 0.00 (0.00%) Updated November 15 4:15 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Intel, Amazon back Ontario tech firm Thalmic Labs with key funding Intel hikes third-quarter revenue forecast as PC market improves Teva, Intel to develop wearable technology for Huntington’s disease Topics Technology Intel Corporation Comments AA Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know Real Estate Toronto propels house prices to new record Life Leslie Beck: How to cut ultraprocessed foods from your diet Life Five reasons to never do crunches again Life Ten tips for coaxing the best flavours from your slow cooker Globe Investor Why blue-chip financial firms are sweetening the deal for preferred shares The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » News Bernie Sanders 'deeply humiliated,' wants "profound change" in Democratic Party News Who is Melania Trump? News Bill Murray crashes the White House briefing room, takes questions from reporters Life Video: Celebrity chef Anthony Bourdain offers his best dinner party tips News Obama on Trump: 'Reality has a way of asserting itself' News Donald Trump a 'bump in the road' in climate fight: David Suzuki Arts "Star Wars" exhibition comes to London News Cows rescued after being stranded in New Zealand quake Report on Business How do robo-advisers benefit millennials? News The history behind Soldiers' Tower at the University of Toronto Technology Mexican scientist builds device that turns urine into biogas Report on Business Trump victory taking shine off gold ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Report on Business Squeeze put on Vancouver’s industrial space Sports How Sean Foley can be your own personal golf coach for a year More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Adam Zimmerman: Noranda executive was a fervent nationalist Life Leonard Cohen predicted death, wanted simple, traditional funeral Most popular Trump’s transition team faces setbacks after departure of Mike Rogers Trump staff shake-up slows transition to near halt West Virginia mayor quits over response to racist post about Michelle Obama Bad faith, bad form, in B.C. school politics Racist post about Michelle Obama causes backlash X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2016 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 444 Front St. W., Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5V 2S9 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. x Customize your reading font XS S M L XL The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog
Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates | Reuters - Firstpost CriticalPoint Just how did Donald Trump with the US elections? Firstpost. Wednesday, November 16, 2016 |Latest E-book DidYouKnow All you need to know about the new Rs 500 notes Front Page Politics Parliament LIVE: Demonetisation a celebration of honesty, says BJP in Rajya Sabha Demonetisation: Indelible ink mark for cash swap is a bad idea, relic of war-time rationing Rahul Gandhi granted bail in RSS defamation case, is 'happy to be fighting for Gandhian principles' Demonetisation: Actual long-term solution for black money is abolishing personal income tax Winter Session begins: Why Narendra Modi will find it tough to face politics of demonetisation Demonetisation: Who's in Mamata Banerjee's coalition of Opposition forces? Sports ISL 2016: FC Pune City let down by insipid attacking as unbeaten away streak ends Qatar World Cup 2022 organisers to allow international inspections on labour conditions World Cup qualifiers: Marcello Lippi's China ambitions gets reality check; Australia toil hard for 2-2 draw Australia vs South Africa: Listless hosts in danger of unprecedented Test whitewash at home ISL 2016: With semis spot on the line, Mumbai City FC in no mood to let up against FC Goa Pakistan's Mohammad Amir could reach 2010-era glory, if he beats the weight of expectations India Demonetisation: Naxals using villagers to convert black money into legal currency, say Jharkhand cops Demonetisation: Indelible ink mark for cash swap is a bad idea, relic of war-time rationing Demonetisation: In times of cash crunch, jugaad comes to the rescue Demonetisation LIVE: Banks to put indelible ink on right index finger of customers China-Pakistan Economic Corridor: 'Highway of Terror' turns operational at last Narendra Modi, Mohan Bhagwat only see women as India's mothers or daughters and little more World Rudy Giuliani as secretary of state: Will reward for loyalty to Donald Trump cost America dear? Pakistan orders over 100 Turkish teachers to leave country ahead of President Erdogan's visit Legal glitches may postpone Brexit by two years Iraqi forces recaptured a third of east Mosul from Islamic State: Interior ministry official Donald Trump asked to cancel Stephen Bannon's appointment as chief strategist Scientists fear the worst under Donald Trump presidency Business Demonetisation: Why experts bet that cash crunch will not impact rupee-dollar rate Tata-Mistry tussle: Will Bombay House use mere legalities to oust Nusli Wadia? Budget 2017: After demonetisation, a carrot by way of banking transaction tax on 1 Feb? Food prices help ease October retail inflation to 4.20% Tata Global Beverages removes Cyrus Mistry as chairman Cyrus Mistry rebuts Tata Sons charges; lists high jet, PR costs Life Supermoon lights up night sky as the world looks up to gaze at the unique celestial event Guru Nanak Jayanti: Life and teachings of the founder of Sikh order pertain to today's world This Children’s Day, gift your kid freedom to dream Carbon emissions from burning fossil fuels still too high to save climate: Report Entertainment Deepika Padukone's 'first look' from Padmavati is a fake, says casting director Koffee With Karan season 5: Can we expect anything but antics from Ranbir, Ranveer? Bigg Boss 10 Episode 30, 15th November 2016 Written Update: Manveer and Rohan have a massive fight Shah Rukh Khan to have a cameo in Tubelight? Kabir Khan keeps us guessing Achcham Yenbadhu Madamaiyada star Manjima Mohan: 'Nayanthara is my role model' Ranveer Singh on his character from Befikre: 'I'm a little more traditional in relationships' Photos Videos Demonitisation News Tech2 Faking News You are here: Latest News › Fwire News Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates | Reuters Reuters  Updated: Oct 19, 2016 02:45 IST #corrections   #facebook   #follow-reuters   #reuters-news   #Thomson Reuters   #twitter-follow   Intel Corp INTC.O reported a better-than-expected 9.1 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses.The world's largest chipmaker said it expects fourth-quarter revenue to be $15.7 billion, plus or minus $500 million. Analysts on average were expecting revenue of $15.86 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.Intel's shares were down 3.9 percent at $36.29 in after-hours trading on Tuesday.Revenue from the data centre business, which offers storage and cloud-based software services, rose 9.7 percent to $4.54 billion in the third quarter, from a year earlier.Demand for cloud-based services has been growing as more businesses shift to cloud-computing methods. Revenue from the company's traditional PC business, which still accounts for over half of Intel's total revenue, rose 4.5 percent to $8.89 billion.According to research firm IDC, global PC shipments fell by a smaller-than-expected 3.9 percent in the third quarter. (bit.ly/2dIkLfi)Excluding items, the company earned 80 cents per share, above analysts' average estimate of 73 cents. The company's net revenue rose to $15.78 billion from $14.47 billion, beating the average analyst estimate of $15.58 billion.Net income rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct. 1, from $3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. (bit.ly/2eeVLzW) Up to Tuesday's close, Intel's shares had risen 9.6 percent this year, lagging the 22.8 percent gain in the broader Philadelphia semiconductor index .SOX. (Reporting by Narottam Medhora and Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. First Published On : Oct 19, 2016 02:45 IST Related News Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open | Reuters Corrected - Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open | Reuters U.S. says war crimes probe of U.S. forces in Afghanistan unwarranted | Reuters Three Minnesota men sentenced for support of Islamic State | Reuters Comment using Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.Show Comments LIVE Sri Lanka Vs West Indies Live Score SL vs WI | Nov 16th, 2016 Live Coverage WI 0 0 0.0 RUNS WKTS OVERS Top Stories Modi govt bans Zakir Naik's NGO Islamic Research Foundation for 5 years Currency Ban: Long Queues Continue at Banks; Many ATMs Run Out of Cash - News18 Parliament LIVE: Congress in Rajya Sabha terms demonetisation 'financial anarchy' OnePlus launches OnePlus 3T with Snapdragon 821, 6GB RAM; adds 128GB storage option Co-working office spaces: Can Mumbai match the mounting demand? - Moneycontrol Ranveer Singh on his character from Befikre: 'I'm a little more traditional in relationships' Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL Vs WI Live Now Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 8 wickets South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS Vs SA South Africa beat Australia by an innings and 80 runs England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND Vs ENG India drew with England Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Hong Kong beat Papua New Guinea by 7 wickets (D/L method) Sri Lanka in Zimbabwe, 2 Test Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 257 runs Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Papua New Guinea beat Hong Kong by 14 runs Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Hong Kong beat Papua New Guinea by 106 runs South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS Vs SA South Africa beat Australia by 177 runs Pakistan and West Indies in UAE, 3 Test Series, 2016 PAK Vs WI West Indies beat Pakistan by 5 wickets Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL vs WI - Nov 16th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ vs PAK - Nov 17th, 2016, 03:00 AM IST England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND vs ENG - Nov 17th, 2016, 09:30 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs WI - Nov 19th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs SL - Nov 21st, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL vs WI - Nov 23rd, 2016, 01:00 PM IST South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS vs SA - Nov 24th, 2016, 09:00 AM IST Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ vs PAK - Nov 25th, 2016, 03:00 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs WI - Nov 25th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND vs ENG - Nov 26th, 2016, 09:30 AM IST MORE STORIES FROM Reuters Oil prices soar 6 percent on renewed hopes of OPEC output deal | Reuters Deaths by firearms reach record highs in Mexico - study | Reuters Asia shares win reprieve as bond rout pauses for now | Reuters Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open | Reuters Trump rewards loyalty, considers economic picks as he molds Cabinet | Reuters View more site index About FirstpostNewsletterRSSTwitterFacebook Verticals Front PageIndiaPoliticsWorldBusinessLifeBollywoodSportsTech Plus New DelhiMumbaiPhotosFP ExclusivesCartoonsVideo RoomeBooksBudget 2014Weather Others Sample Papers OnlineBusiness Technology NewsMTV IndiaOnline Shopping in IndiaThink IndiaISL 2016Worksheet for KidsUS Election 2016 Tools RSS Feeds AppsiOSAndroidWindows Copyright © 2016 Firstpost - All rights reserved Terms of use Privacy
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Intel's results beat estimates; forecast disappoints News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Technology Intel's results beat estimates; forecast disappoints Intel Corp reported better-than-expected quarterly earnings and revenue, boosted by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses, but its revenue forecast for the current quarter disappointed Wall Street. Posted 19 Oct 2016 04:10 Updated 19 Oct 2016 06:50 Intel's logo on PC's are pictured at Tokyo Game Show 2016 in Chiba, east of Tokyo, Japan, September 15, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Intel Corp reported better-than-expected quarterly earnings and revenue, boosted by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses, but its revenue forecast for the current quarter disappointed Wall Street. The world's largest chipmaker's shares were down 5.3 percent at US$35.75 in after-hours trading on Tuesday. Intel said it expects fourth-quarter revenue of US$15.7 billion, plus or minus US$500 million. Analysts on average were expecting US$15.86 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "This is below the average seasonal increase for the fourth quarter as we expect the worldwide PC supply chain to reduce their inventory," Executive Vice President Stacy Smith said on a conference call with analysts. Last month, Intel raised its third-quarter revenue forecast for the first time in more than two years, citing improving PC demand. The company's decision to raise third-quarter forecast moved investors' expectations to a higher level, Stifel Nicolaus analyst Kevin Cassidy said. Revenue from the data centre business, which offers storage and cloud-based software services, rose 9.7 percent to US$4.54 billion in the third quarter, from a year earlier. Revenue growth from this unit for the full year will likely be in the high single digits, Intel Chief Executive Brian Krzanich said on the call. Demand for cloud-based services has been growing as more businesses shift to cloud-computing methods. Intel, which has been hurt due to weak PC demand, said last month it was seeing signs of improvement among PC parts suppliers. According to research firm IDC, global PC shipments fell by a smaller-than-expected 3.9 percent in the third quarter. (http://bit.ly/2dIkLfi) Revenue from the company's traditional PC business, which still accounts for over half of Intel's total revenue, rose 4.5 percent to US$8.89 billion. Excluding items, the company earned 80 cents per share, above analysts' average estimate of 73 cents. The company's net revenue rose 9.1 percent to US$15.78 billion, beating the average analyst estimate of US$15.58 billion. Net income rose to US$3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct. 1, from US$3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. (http://bit.ly/2eeVLzW) Up to Tuesday's close, Intel's shares had risen 9.6 percent this year, lagging the 22.8 percent gain in the broader Philadelphia semiconductor index . (Reporting by Rishika Sadam and Nayyar Rasheed in Bengaluru. Additional reporting by Narottam Medhora; Editing by Maju Samuel) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top

Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 1:12 A.M. ET Australia wage growth falls to record low 1:09 A.M. ET Dollar’s march higher takes a break as investors wonder if it’s gone too far 12:51 A.M. ET Violent Protests Break Out in Athens as Obama Visits 11/15 Updated Asian stocks peek higher, led by financials 11/15 Walgreens says Theranos voided 11.3% of its customers’ blood tests 11/15 Henry Louis Gates Discusses Ideological Divides Among Black Americans 11/15 Want a cheaper fare on United? It’ll cost you the overhead bin 11/15 Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 11/15 Henry Louis Gates Discusses New PBS TV Series 11/15 Updated SEC boss Mary Jo White should be stepping up the fight, not stepping down 11/15 Updated 5 reasons why it’s too early for investors to stop worrying about President Trump 11/15 Investors hope Snap will unlock IPO market for tech unicorns 11/15 Updated New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 11/15 Elizabeth Warren rips Trump’s picks of ‘Wall Street insiders’ 11/15 Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 11/15 Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 11/15 Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 11/15 Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 11/15 PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 11/15 Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until London Markets Open Asia Markets Currencies US Market Snapshot Home Industries Intel Corp. shares fall after earnings beat, restructuring charges By Claudia Assis Published: Oct 18, 2016 4:18 p.m. ET Share By ClaudiaAssis Reporter Intel Corp. INTC, +1.25% shares fell late Tuesday after the company reported third-quarter earnings that beat expectations and mentioned restructuring charges ahead. Intel said it earned $3.4 billion in the third quarter, or 69 cents a share, compared with $3.1 billion, or 64 cents a share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted for one-time items, Intel earned $3.9 billion, or 80 cents a share, compared with $3.2 billion, or 66 cents a share, a year ago. Sales reached $15.8 billion, up 9% compared with $14.5 billion a year ago. Analysts polled by FactSet had expected adjusted earnings of 73 cents a share on sales of $15.6 billion. Intel said it now expects $2.3 billion in restructuring and other charges, including $1.8 billion already realized, and the remainder of those charges to be realized between now and the middle of next year. About $250 million is expected for the fourth quarter, the company said. Shares of Intel fell 3.7% in late trading after ending the regular session up 1.2%. MarketWatch Partner Center Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Intel Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: INTC $34.91 +0.43 (+1.25%) Volume 20.0M Open $34.64 High $35.29 Low $34.61 P/E Ratio 16.47 Div Yield 2.98 Market Cap 163.4B LatestNews
Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»INTEL AKTIE»Intel Corporation Profit Climbs 22% In Q3 INTEL CORPORATION 32,552  Euro +0,101 +0,31 % WKN: 855681  ISIN: US4581401001 Ticker-Symbol: INL  Frankfurt | 16.11.16 | 08:00 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheHalbleiter AktienmarktNASDAQ-100 DJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 32,493 32,64 08:23 32,507 32,60 08:23 18.10.2016 | 22:41 (9 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News Intel Corporation Profit Climbs 22% In Q3 SANTA CLARA (dpa-AFX) - Intel Corporation (INTC) revealed earnings for its third quarter that advanced compared to the same period last year. The company said its bottom line came in at $3.9 billion, or $0.80 per share. This was higher than $3.2 billion, or $0.66 per share, in last year's third quarter. The company said revenue for the quarter rose 9.0% to $15.8 billion. This was up from $14.5 billion last year. Intel Corporation earnings at a glance: -Earnings (Q3): $3.9 Bln. vs. $3.2 Bln. last year. -Earnings Growth (Y-o-Y): 21.9% -EPS (Q3): $0.80 vs. $0.66 last year. -EPS Growth (Y-o-Y): 21.2% -Revenue (Q3): $15.8 Bln vs. $14.5 Bln last year. -Revenue Change (Y-o-Y): 9.0% -Guidance: Next quarter revenue guidance: $15.7 Bln Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu INTEL CORPORATION Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 00:51 "The Intel Of Your Generation is Nvidia!' Screams Cramer ► Artikel lesen Di Intel announces $250 million for autonomous driving tech ► Artikel lesen Di Intel to invest over $250M in autonomous driving ► Artikel lesen Di Intel Is Making a Major Investment in Autonomous Vehicles ► Artikel lesen Di Intel Earmarks $250 Million To Fund Startups Working on Automated Vehicle Tech ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart INTEL CORPORATION Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % INTEL CORPORATION 32,552 +0,31 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Intel Fourth-Quarter Sales May Miss Estimates on PC Doldrums Ian King More stories by Ian King October 18, 2016 — 4:11 PM EDT October 18, 2016 — 6:56 PM EDT Lackluster forecast indicates inventory is building up Third-quarter results got a boost from demand for PC chips Intel's Smith: We're More Confident About Fourth Quarter Intel Corp. gave a disappointing forecast for sales in the current quarter, signaling lackluster year-end demand for personal computers, servers and the chips that run them. Revenue will be $15.7 billion, plus or minus $500 million, the company said in a statement Tuesday. Analysts had projected $15.9 billion, the average of estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Intel’s third-quarter sales reached a record, lifted by processor orders from PC makers that decided to shore up their chip supplies ahead of the holiday shopping season. So far, demand hasn’t come surging back, meaning that customers will again pare orders as they work through those stockpiles of chips. The world’s largest semiconductor maker also backed off an annual forecast for double-digit revenue growth in server chips for data centers and corporate networks, its most profitable business. “We’re not going to raise the flag and say everything’s good again,” Chief Executive Officer Brian Krzanich said on a conference call. Intel shares, which had gained 9.6 percent this year, slipped as much as 6 percent in extended trading on news of the reduced target for the data-center unit. The stock had gained 1.2 percent to $37.75 at the close in New York. Third-Quarter Pickup Third-quarter net income rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents a share, compared with $3.11 billion, or 64 cents, in the same period a year earlier. Revenue rose 9.1 percent to $15.8 billion. Analysts, on average, had predicted a profit of 67 cents a share on sales of $15.6 billion. Adjusted gross margin, or the percentage of sales left after subtracting production costs, widened to 65 percent from 64 percent, Intel said. The company’s client computing group, which sells PC chips, posted third-quarter sales of $8.89 billion, a gain of 4.5 percent from a year earlier. Demand for PCs will increase in the fourth quarter from the prior three months, in line with normal seasonal gains, the company said. “It’s my concern that we just have an inventory build that could carry on into the first quarter,” said Kevin Cassidy, an analyst at Stifel Nicolaus & Co. “The market might have thought that PCs would be better into the fourth quarter.” On Sept. 16, Intel raised its forecasts for the third quarter, citing “replenishment of PC supply chain inventory.” The Santa Clara, California-based company increased its revenue projection at the time to about $15.6 billion from about $14.9 billion. While the PC market isn’t getting worse, it’s still shrinking. Worldwide shipments fell 3.9 percent in the third quarter, market researcher IDC said earlier this month, a smaller drop than the decline of 4.1 percent in the second quarter. Unit sales in the U.S. rose 1.7 percent, a second consecutive quarterly gain. Data Center Exclusive insights in your inbox, from our technology reporters around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from the campaign trail. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets Everything you need to know about what’s moving markets, in your inbox daily. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Pursuits The coolest cars to drive, the latest gadgets to ogle, the hottest places to travel. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan Advice nobody tells you about getting ahead at work, school and life. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Intel’s data-center group, which provides chips used in corporate networks and the large cloud-computing systems run by companies such as Google and Amazon.com Inc., had revenue of $4.54 billion, up 9.7 percent from a year earlier. The company had set an annual target of double-digit percentage growth for that unit -- a prediction it missed in the first half of the year. On Tuesday, Krzanich said the unit will only achieve “high single-digit” percentage sales growth for 2016. Large customers who build their own servers have returned to ordering, with sales in the third quarter from cloud customers up 32 percent from a year earlier, Intel said. That strength and solid demand from networking and storage systems customers was offset by the continuing stagnation of the market for servers used by corporations, the company said. “There’s some disappointment there,” said Stifel Nicolaus’s Cassidy. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Populism Takes Over the World World’s Biggest Real Estate Frenzy Is Coming to a City Near You Trump Transition Slows as Kushner Said to Oust Christie Allies Trump Tech Meltdown Hits Fourth Day With Amazon Cut by $35 Billion How Trump Can Make Money Off the Secret Service Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Intel's results beat estimates; forecast disappoints By Rishika Sadam and Nayyar Rasheed ReutersOctober 18, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share The logo of Intel, the world's largest chipmaker is seen at their offices in Jerusalem, April 20, 2016. REUTERS/Ronen Zvulun/File PhotoMore By Rishika Sadam and Nayyar Rasheed (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported better-than-expected quarterly earnings and revenue, boosted by improving PC demand and growth in its data center and cloud businesses, but its revenue forecast for the current quarter disappointed Wall Street. The world's largest chipmaker's shares were down 5.3 percent at $35.75 in after-hours trading on Tuesday. Intel said it expects fourth-quarter revenue of $15.7 billion, plus or minus $500 million. Analysts on average were expecting $15.86 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "This is below the average seasonal increase for the fourth quarter as we expect the worldwide PC supply chain to reduce their inventory," Executive Vice President Stacy Smith said on a conference call with analysts. Last month, Intel raised its third-quarter revenue forecast for the first time in more than two years, citing improving PC demand. The company's decision to raise third-quarter forecast moved investors' expectations to a higher level, Stifel Nicolaus analyst Kevin Cassidy said. Revenue from the data center business, which offers storage and cloud-based software services, rose 9.7 percent to $4.54 billion in the third quarter, from a year earlier. Revenue growth from this unit for the full year will likely be in the high single digits, Intel Chief Executive Brian Krzanich said on the call. Demand for cloud-based services has been growing as more businesses shift to cloud-computing methods. Intel, which has been hurt due to weak PC demand, said last month it was seeing signs of improvement among PC parts suppliers. According to research firm IDC, global PC shipments fell by a smaller-than-expected 3.9 percent in the third quarter. (http://bit.ly/2dIkLfi) Revenue from the company's traditional PC business, which still accounts for over half of Intel's total revenue, rose 4.5 percent to $8.89 billion. Excluding items, the company earned 80 cents per share, above analysts' average estimate of 73 cents. The company's net revenue rose 9.1 percent to $15.78 billion, beating the average analyst estimate of $15.58 billion. Net income rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct. 1, from $3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. (http://bit.ly/2eeVLzW) Up to Tuesday's close, Intel's shares had risen 9.6 percent this year, lagging the 22.8 percent gain in the broader Philadelphia semiconductor index <.SOX>. (Reporting by Rishika Sadam and Nayyar Rasheed in Bengaluru. Additional reporting by Narottam Medhora; Editing by Maju Samuel) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Best Buy just released a brand new Black Friday ad: Here’s what changed BGR News WhatsApp video calling is finally here Yahoo Tech Spotify has been quietly killing your SSD’s life for months BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Tech CEO who voewd to murder Donald Trump with a sniper rifle forced to resign BGR News New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Google releases app to digitize boxes of old photo prints Associated Press This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Intel's quarterly revenue rises 9.1 percent By Reuters Published: 16:25 EST, 18 October 2016 | Updated: 16:25 EST, 18 October 2016 e-mail Oct 18 (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported a 9.1 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by improving PC demand and growth in its data center and cloud businesses. The world's largest chipmaker said net income rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct 1, from $3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. The company's net revenue rose to $15.78 billion from $14.47 billion. (http://bit.ly/2eeVLzW) (Reporting by Narottam Medhora and Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED 'You need to be there in one hour!' Justin Bieber 'invites six girls to his hotel suite' after placing social media request for female company in Prague 'There's certainly no love lost between them': Laura Whitmore and Giovanni Pernice 'embroiled in backstage feud' before tearful elimination from Strictly Come Dancing My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Fifi Geldof flogs her used make-up online for £2: PR assistant uses website to sell more than 100 items including lipsticks and eyeliners Flogging accessories online via Depop Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'Neither is willing to betray anything intimate': Michael Fassbender and girlfriend Alicia Vikander have agreement not to discuss relationship Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway 'Turn haters into motivators!': Khloe Kardashian whips fans into shape in trailer for new TV series Revenge Body Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  'I think we'd be great together!' Billy Bob Thornton wants to work with ex-wife Angelina Jolie's estranged husband Brad Pitt  Told Playboy he even has a role in mind  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in magical gown at Fantastic Beasts premiere... but is her dress silver or gold? Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Move over Miley! Little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first single Make Me (Cry) Her turn to make her mark on music industry Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Earnings Calendar Surprises Highlights Ideas Intel reports third-quarter earnings Antonio José Vielma | @AJ_Vielma Tuesday, 18 Oct 2016 | 6:08 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Intel beats, stock drops</p> <p>CNBC&#039;s Josh Lipton reports on the third-quarter earnings conference call for Intel, including what CEO Brian Krzanich has to say. The &quot;Fast Money&quot; traders weigh in.</p> Intel beats, stock drops    Tuesday, 18 Oct 2016 | 5:40 PM ET | 03:40 Intel shares fell in extended trading on Tuesday after the company gave slightly disappointing revenue guidance, despite reporting earnings that beat analyst estimates. Intel said it expects $15.7 billion in revenue for its fourth quarter. Analysts had forecast revenue of about $15.87 billion, according to a FactSet consensus estimate. The stock dropped more than 3 percent in extended trading. The company reported adjusted third-quarter earnings of 80 cents per share on $15.78 billion in revenue. Analysts expected the chipmaker to report profits of 73 cents per share on revenues of $15.58 billion, according to a Thomson Reuters consensus estimate. Patrick T. Fallon | Bloomberg | Getty Images Brian Krzanich, chief executive officer of Intel Corp., holds the Curie module as he speaks during the 2015 Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas, Nevada, U.S., on Tuesday, Jan. 6, 2015. Executive Vice President Stacy Smith told CNBC's "Closing Bell" that revenue guidance is lower in the fourth quarter primarily because of start-up costs for the company's next-generation manufacturing processor. CEO Brian Krzanich said that Intel's third-quarter results were driven by the company's transformation to new business like cloud services. "We're executing well, and these results show Intel's continuing transformation to a company that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected devices," he said in his statement. In a conference call, Krzanich said the PC market is a "bit stronger." He said the company saw its strongest growth in business PCs, or the non-consumer segment of the market. He added the consumer segment is "better but not back to where we would like to see." Intel saw record revenue in its data center business and Internet of Things segments, bringing in $4.5 billion and $689 million in revenue, respectively. The data center segment saw its revenue grow 10 percent year over year, while revenue from the Internet of Things group surged 19 percent from the comparable year-ago period. In April, Intel announced its plan to cut 12,000 jobs, or roughly 11 percent of its workforce, by 2017 as part of a restructuring initiative. CEO Krzanich said during last quarter's earnings conference call that the legacy tech company is "solidly on track" to complete its goal. On Tuesday, Intel said it had already seen $1.8 billion in total restructuring and other charges to date. It expects another $250 million during the current quarter. Correction: Intel reported 80 cents per share on adjusted earnings. An earlier version misstated that figure. Antonio José VielmaNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change INTC --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Halliburton Working To Gain A Sustainable Competitive Advantage Manikandan Raman , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 18, 2016 3:07pm   Comments Share: Related HAL TD Ameritrade's IMX Index Rose 6% In October How Sell-Side Analysts Are Reacting To The GE-Baker Hughes Deal Halliburton Company: Priced For An Unlikely Return To Robust Activity Of Boom Years (Seeking Alpha) D.A. Davidson expects Halliburton Company (NYSE: HAL)’s third-quarter results to come in above consensus, driven by the recovery in the North American rig count and continued market share gains during the downturn. The company is expected to report its third-quarter financial performance on Wednesday. The brokerage expects revenue/EBITDA/EPS of $3.95 billion/$486 million/$(0.05) versus consensus of $3.90 billion/$469 million/$(0.07). “Although, it may take a few more quarters for larger operators (HAL’s core customer base) to adjust capex budgets and increase activity, a slight miss would only add to the trajectory of future earnings,” analyst Sonny Randhawa wrote in a note. Randhawa, who has a Buy rating on the stock, expects a significant uptick in the service level intensity “as larger operators gain comfort with the recovery in commodity prices and adjust 2017 capex budgets higher.” Related Link: Saudi Arabia Is Shopping For Bond Buyers But Won't Talk About Oil The analyst pointed out Halliburton’s strong share in the pressure pumping market and expects the company to add further gains despite an increase in frac intensity. “We believe HAL’s sizable sand logistics operation and buying power puts them at a considerable advantage when negotiating sand pricing vs. smaller peers,” Randhawa continued. As such, Randhawa raised his 2016/2017/2018 EPS estimates to $(0.16)/$0.83/$2.35 from $(0.21)/$0.80/$2.18. The analyst also increased his target price to $57 from $54 based on a 12x EV/EBITDA multiple applied to his 2018 EBITDA estimate of $4.8 billion. At time of writing, shares of Halliburton rose 1.68 percent to $47.10. Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Latest Ratings for HAL Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Nomura Maintains Buy Oct 2016 Cowen & Co. Maintains Market Perform Oct 2016 DA Davidson Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for HAL View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Earnings Long Ideas News Price Target Commodities Reiteration Markets Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (USO + HAL) Technical Alert: Crude Oil Futures Near $42 The Market In 5 Minutes: A Couple Of Pharma Stocks Move 70% In Opposite Directions Technical Alert: Crude Sharply Lower The Market In 5 Minutes: You Don't Really Care For Music, Do You? Technical Alert: Crude Oil Rally Stalls The Market In 5 Minutes: Retail Earnings Come Into Focus View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on HAL Trending Recent 1 MENT, EBIO: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 DUST, NUGT: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start Rising? 3 SSTK, GRPN: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital Breaks Down... 4 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side... 5 DVAX: Dynavax Shares Plunge 70% Amid Complete Re... 6 PG, FB: The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple... 7 NVDA, TSLA: Vetr Crowd Downgrades NVID... 1 AET, M: Watch These 7 Huge Put Purchases In Tuesday Trade 2 GNC, FL: Watch These 7 Huge Call Purchases In Tuesday Trade 3 PIN, INDL: Indian Markets Open Lower; BSE Sensex Down Over 400 Points 4 FXI, GXC: China Markets Down; Yuan Drops To Near Eight-Year Low 5 EWJ, EPP: Japanese Stock Markets Edge Higher 6 COH, MENT: Wall Street's M&A Chatte... 7 GILD, ABBV: Gilead Responds To CMS... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Match Group Is A Great Way To Play The Mid-Cap Internet Stock Space Airline Stocks Achieving Altitude After United's Big Q3 Beat
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Traders Wonder Whether Morgan Stanley Can Continue Banks' Q3 Beat Streak Shanthi Rexaline , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 18, 2016 2:38pm   Comments Share: Related BAC Some Of The Most Notable Changes This 13F Season Technical Alert: Bank Of America Climbs Over $20 For The First Time Since November 2008 Tracking Allan Mecham's Arlington Value Capital Portfolio - Q3 2016 Update (Seeking Alpha) Related C Why Short Sellers Dumped Citigroup Ahead Of The Election The Republican Sweep Changes Everything For Morgan Stanley's Large-Cap Bank Thesis Seth Klarman's new Q3 positions (Seeking Alpha) Investors are awaiting with bated breath the results from the last of the Mohicans among investment banks. Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MS) is due to release its third quarter results before the markets open on Wednesday. Analysts, on average, expect earnings of $0.63 per share, up from $0.34 per share last year. Revenues are also expected to rise to $8.17 billion from $7.33 billion in the year-ago period. If trend is anything to go by, Morgan Stanley could be gearing up for beats on both the top and bottom line. Fixed income trading revenues offered a cushion for most banks, which have reported already. For Morgan Stanley, fixed income trading revenues make up roughly 16 percent of total revenues. Related Link: How Did The Big 4 Do In Q3? Q3 Banking Recap Thus Far Bank of America Corp (NYSE: BAC) stood tall and towering with 7.90 percent earnings per share growth, with the increase marking the first in three quarters. The company's revenues grew 2.86 percent to $21.6 billion and exceeded estimates by 3.15 percent. Citigroup Inc (NYSE: C) reported earnings per share of $1.24, down 8.15 percent year-over-year, and yet beat the $1.16 per share consensus estimate. Revenues declined 4.81 percent to $17.8 billion, but beat estimates by 2.65 percent. Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE: GS) steamrolled past the $3.79 estimate, with earnings per share at $4.88, up notably from $2.90 last year. Revenues also trumped estimates. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM)'s third-quarter earnings per share fell 5.95 percent to $1.58 but were ahead of the $1.39 per share consensus estimate. The company reported a 8.37 percent increase in its managed net revenues to $23.54 billion, with revenues exceeding estimates by roughly 2 percent. Wells Fargo & Co (NYSE: WFC), which created a furor with its sales practices scandal, also saw a modest drop in its earnings per share to $1.03, although the metric was 1.98 percent ahead of estimates. Barclays said in a note last week that it expects Morgan Stanley to report overwhelming results, given a better FICC environment. The firm forecasts ROE in the 8 percent area. At time of writing, shares of Morgan Stanley were up 1.24 percent at $32.19. Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Latest Ratings for BAC Date Firm Action From To Nov 2016 Guggenheim Downgrades Buy Neutral Nov 2016 Deutsche Bank Downgrades Buy Hold Oct 2016 Compass Point Initiates Coverage On Neutral View More Analyst Ratings for BAC View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Earnings Long Ideas News Guidance Previews Analyst Ratings Movers Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BAC + C) Some Of The Most Notable Changes This 13F Season Why Short Sellers Dumped Citigroup Ahead Of The Election Technical Alert: Bank Of America Climbs Over $20 For The First Time Since November 2008 The Republican Sweep Changes Everything For Morgan Stanley's Large-Cap Bank Thesis Benzinga's Top Upgrades The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of Popular Trading Strategies View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on BAC Trending Recent 1 DRYS, SAEX: DryShips Squeeze Continues, Other Stocks Could Be Following Suit 2 EBIO, PTCT: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 3 DRYS: Several Things To Consider Amid DryShips' Massive 8... 4 DUST, GDX: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start... 5 PCLN, QUOT: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capita... 6 ESEA, EGLE: Iceberg Ahead? The Massive... 7 TOPS, PQ: 20 Stocks Moving In... 1 EWJ, EPP: Japanese Markets Gain; Nikkei Up 200 Points 2 JPM, XLF: Kevin Kelly's JPMorgan Options Trade 3 EUFS, EURL: An Adventurous Idea Among Europe ETFs 4 HOG: Even Harley-Davidson Is Benefiting From A Trump Pre... 5 ALXN: Alexion's Valuation Could Be Getting Pumme... 6 TLT: Todd Gordon's 20-Year Treasury Bond Trade 7 TDG: What The Market Is Overlooking In The Tra... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Analysts Remain Bullish On Gridsum Holding Tesla Investors Get A Lesson In Headline Risk
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States What to Expect From Intel Earnings By Chris Lange October 18, 2016 11:35 am EST Print Email Tweet Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) is scheduled to report its third-quarter financial results after the markets close on Tuesday. The consensus estimates from Thomson Reuters are $0.72 in earnings per share (EPS) and $15.58 billion in revenue. In the same period of last year, it posted EPS of $0.64 and revenue of $14.46 billion. In September, Intel raised its guidance for the third quarter. This increase is primarily driven by replenishment of personal computer (PC) supply chain inventory. Intel is also seeing some signs of improving PC demand. The company now expects third-quarter revenue to be $15.6 billion, give or take $300 million, versus the previous estimate of $14.9 billion, plus or minus $500 million. Intel also forecast the midpoint of the third-quarter gross margin range at roughly 63%, which is up 1% from the same period last year, driven mostly by higher PC unit volume. Just few days prior to the increased guidance update, Standard & Poor’s noted that there was more upside likely for semiconductor sales, despite the large sector gains that have been seen. The firm said: Semiconductors were a driving force in upward revisions to Q3 and Q4 technology earnings estimates and the semiconductor stocks were rewarded (+11.5% since the start of July). From a valuation perspective, the semiconductors trade at a 33% discount to its ten year average despite the recent price appreciation. At a 15.1x price-to-earnings ratio (P/E) on a next-twelve-month basis, it is trading at a more attractive valuation than the technology sector, which has a P/E of 17.1x. We believe that several opportunities remain within technology and specifically semiconductors. Demand for semiconductors is normally a sign of economic growth. As the economy and consumer continues to improve, so should the business prospects (and the stocks of) for companies comprising this sub-industry. Prior to the release of the earnings report, a few analysts weighed in on Intel: Barclays has an Overweight rating with a $45 price target. Wells Fargo reiterated an Outperform rating with a $45 price target. Sanford Bernstein has a Neutral rating with a $35 price target. Pacific Crest reiterated a Buy rating with a $44 price target. BlueFin Research has a Buy rating. RBC Capital Markets reiterated a Sector Perform rating with a $38 price target. Brean Capital reiterated a Buy rating with a $40 price target. B. Riley reiterated a Buy rating with a $45 price target. Canaccord Genuity has a Buy rating with a $44 price target. Morgan Stanley has an Underweight rating with a $34 price target. Excluding Tuesday’s move, Intel has outperformed the broad markets, with the stock up about 11% year to date. Over the past 52 weeks, the stock is up 16.5%. Shares of Intel were trading up nearly 2% at $38.03 on Tuesday, with a consensus analyst price target of $40.65 and a 52-week trading range of $27.68 to $38.36. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Inflation Reaches Fed Target Range, If You Look Closely Harley-Davidson Jumps on Decent Earnings » Read more: Technology, Earnings, semiconductors, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Worst Companies to Work For The Drunkest City in Each State Major Changes in Warren Buffett & Berkshire Hathaway Stocks: American Airlines, Delta, Kinder Morgan, Wal-Mart, BNY Mellon and More 50 Worst Cities to Live In Home Depot Black Friday Ad Now Available Recent Nokia, Teva Plunge into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club Verizon, Chevron Dominate DJIA Tuesday SEC Awards Whistleblower Over $20 Million Solar Plants Raise Local Temperatures Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Dick's Sporting Goods Inc. Fumbles -- Why Shares Fell Twitter's Executive Exodus Continues This Big Activist Investor Just Bought Shares of Twitter Gap names Teri List-Stoll as new finance chief Snapchat IPO could value company at $20 billion to $25 billion, go public in March: WSJ Snapchat files confidentially for IPO: WSJ New Highs for the Holidays? Big Economic Shifts Challenge Your Decision-Making Trustmark (TRMK) Inks Merger Deal with RB Bancorporation A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively Dick's Sporting Goods Inc. Fumbles -- Why Shares Fell Twitter's Executive Exodus Continues This Big Activist Investor Just Bought Shares of Twitter Bernie Sanders Calls Out Donald Trump For Backpedaling On One Thing They Agreed On Facebook, Google Take Small Steps To Stop Spread Of Fake News Snapchat Files For IPO That Would Be Biggest In Years For Tech Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse What's Ahead For Intel, Yahoo, Morgan Stanley and Halliburton? Q3 Earnings On Tap The Ticker Tape , TD Ameritrade   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 18, 2016 11:56am   Comments Share: Earnings season is in full swing, with about 20 percent of S&P 500 firms reporting quarterly results this week. As we saw last week, the results from some companies can be disruptive to the markets when earnings surprise or disappoint Wall Street’s expectations. Is there more turbulence ahead, given October’s reputation for volatility? Key earnings reports include those from Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC) and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) after the bell Tuesday and those from Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MS) and Halliburton Company (NYSE: HAL) before the session starts Wednesday. How Will INTC Survive PC Slowdown? Intel, long known for its computing prowess in homes and offices, looks to be setting its sights on the cloud as the market for PC sales shrinks. But the PC supply chain may be driving sales and earnings growth in the quarter, according to INTC guidance. INTC upped its Q3 projections last month, based on better-than-expected PC sales. The supply chain has been quickly refilling depleted inventories in preparation for what’s expected to be a robust holiday season, according to the company. Analysts reporting to Thomson Reuters now see a per-share profit of $0.72, up about 13% from the year-ago period, on top-line sales of $15.56 billion, an 8% gain. INTC still dominates the PC microchip space, and those chip sales contribute to more than half of INTC’s revenue, according to analysts. But the global PC business has been on a downward slide for some time, with sales off 3.9% on a year-over-year basis, according to IDC, a market research group. Investors likely are looking for more information on what’s happening with INTC’s emerging data center group, which some analysts expect to see deliver $4.6 billion in revenue for the quarter, an 11% jump over last year. Can these businesses offset the dropping demand for PCs? Short-term options traders have priced in a potential 3.2% share price move in either direction around the earnings release, according to the Market Maker Move™ indicator on the thinkorswim® platform from TD Ameritrade. Ahead of earnings, buyers of the 37- and 38-strike calls have been active over the last few sessions; buyers and sellers of puts are concentrating on the 35- and 37-strikes. The implied volatility is right in the middle at the 51st percentile. Please remember past performance is no guarantee of future results. Note: Call options represent the right, but not the obligation, to buy the underlying security at a predetermined price over a set period of time. Put options represent the right, but not the obligation, to sell the underlying security at a predetermined price over a set period of time. Where’s Marissa? Wall Street was all abuzz when YHOO announced Friday that it was canceling its traditional analyst chat with CEO Marissa Mayer after its Q3 results are announced late Tuesday. The company cited the $4.83 billion pending sale of its core operations to Verizon Communications Inc (NYSE: VZ), expected to close in early 2017. But some analysts think there might be more to it, considering the September revelation that 500 million customer accounts were hacked two years ago, coupled with the October acknowledgement from YHOO that it had scanned all customer emails for information tied to a suspected terrorist group. On top of that, statements from VZ’s attorneys last week left the door open to a possible renegotiation of the deal, according to published reports. Apparently, VZ is now concerned that the security breach may represent a material adverse effect on the business. “We have a reasonable basis to believe right now that the impact is material,” VZ general counsel Craig Silliman said, according to Dow Jones. Investors and analysts, however, won’t be able to ask about it Tuesday, nor, apparently, will they get a preview of what’s ahead. At Thomson Reuters, analysts are forecasting $0.14 a share in profits, a penny below the year-ago results, on revenues that are slightly higher at $1.3 billion, compared with $1.2 billion last year. Short-term options traders have priced in a potential share price move of 2.5% in either direction around the earnings release, according to the Market Maker Move™ indicator. They are looking mostly at calls on the 42-strike and puts at the 41.5- and 40-strikes. The implied volatility also looks to be in the middle at the 47th percentile. Did MS Benefit from Better Trading? A bounce in trading revenue reported by other big banks last week appears to have analysts anxious to see if MS—which is more exposed to trading than those that have already reported—also had better performance from trading operations. But, they note, much of the boost in trading revenues at JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM), Citigroup Inc (NYSE: C) and Bank of America Corp (NYSE: BAC) came from fixed-income products while the bulk of MS’s trading revenue is typically gleaned from equities. Was there crossover? Analysts watching MS also look closely at the profitability of its wealth-management franchise, according to the Wall Street Journal. “The firm cleared a 22% margin target earlier this year and is under huge pressure to maintain it,” WSJ reported. Thomson Reuters analysts are anticipating that both earnings and revenues will rise in Q3 over the same period a year ago. Profits are pegged at $0.63 a share while top-line sales are projected to climb to $8.17 billion. Short-term options traders have priced in a potential share price move of 2.5% in either direction around the earnings release, according to the Market Maker Move™ indicator. In the options market, buyers of calls at the 33-strike were active, as were those of puts at the 30-strike. The implied volatility is at a relatively low 25th percentile. HAL and the Oil Slump Is the worst downturn that has ever hit the oil industry finally turning a corner? Some analysts say they hope to hear good news from HAL, the world’s No. 2 oilfield-services company, on the conference call after earnings are turned in Wednesday. Even still, analysts say they’re not likely to see an improved performance until Q4, and that is assuming crude-oil prices stay above $50 a barrel. Analysts at Thomson Reuters are expecting a loss of $0.07 a share on revenues of $3.87 billion. If the company reports a net loss, it will be the second straight one after 14 quarters in a row of profits amid the industry slump. A year ago, HAL turned in a profit of $0.31 cents a share on top line sales of $5.58 billion. Its income and sales have been on a slow and steady decline over the last four years, but analysts see the losses lightening over the next two quarters before finally turning a profit again in Q3 2017, according to Thomson Reuters polls. The conference call may offer more clarity around those projections. Short-term options traders have priced in a 2.7% potential share price move in either direction around the earnings release, according to the Market Maker Move™ indicator. Options trading is tight around recent share prices, with call action at the out-of-the-money 47-strike and puts trading at the 45-strike. The implied volatility sits at the 34th percentile. Please remember that past performance is no guarantee of future results. Probability analysis results from the Market Maker Move indicator are theoretical in nature, not guaranteed, and do not reflect any degree of certainty of an event occurring. TD Ameritrade and all third parties mentioned are separate and unaffiliated companies, and are not responsible for each other’s policies or services. Inclusion of specific security names in this commentary does not constitute a recommendation from TD Ameritrade to buy, sell, or hold. Market volatility, volume, and system availability may delay account access and trade executions. Past performance of a security or strategy does not guarantee future results or success. Options are not suitable for all investors as the special risks inherent to options trading may expose investors to potentially rapid and substantial losses. Options trading subject to TD Ameritrade review and approval. Please read Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options before investing in options. Supporting documentation for any claims, comparisons, statistics, or other technical data will be supplied upon request. The information is not intended to be investment advice or construed as a recommendation or endorsement of any particular investment or investment strategy, and is for illustrative purposes only. Be sure to understand all risks involved with each strategy, including commission costs, before attempting to place any trade. Clients must consider all relevant risk factors, including their own personal financial situations, before trading. TD Ameritrade, Inc., member FINRA/SIPC. TD Ameritrade is a trademark jointly owned by TD Ameritrade IP Company, Inc. and The Toronto-Dominion Bank. © 2016 TD Ameritrade IP Company, Inc. All rights reserved. Used with permission. Posted-In: Earnings News Technicals Movers & Shakers Economics Trading Ideas Reviews ETFs © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BAC + C) Technical Alert: Bank Of America Climbs Over $20 For The First Time Since November 2008 The Republican Sweep Changes Everything For Morgan Stanley's Large-Cap Bank Thesis Benzinga's Top Upgrades The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of Popular Trading Strategies Facebook, Bank Of America, Honeywell: Fast Money Picks For November 11 Technical Alert: Bank Of America Nears $19 For The First Time Since April 2010 View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on INTC Trending Recent 1 CXRX, GALE: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 JNUG, NUGT: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start Rising? 3 FDN, XLK: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital Breaks Down T... 4 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side S... 5 DVAX: Dynavax Shares Plunge 70% Amid Complete Resp... 6 TSLA, NVDA: Vetr Crowd Downgrades NVIDIA After... 7 PG, FB: The Trump Market Is Killing... 1 MBLY: Mobileye Gains 2.5% After Better-Than-Expected Q3 2 AAP, NDAQ: A Peek Into The Markets: U.S. Stock Futures Edge Higher Ahead Of Ec... 3 HD: Home Depot Reports Q3 Results, Shares Tick Higher 4 EUR/USD Little Higher, German Current Economic Sentiment Eases 5 XOM, OXY: Can You Guess This Chart? 6 EUR/USD Little Higher, Euro Area GDP Steady 7 EUR/USD Little Changed, Italy GDP Improves View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Finding Value With Technology ETFs Expectations For Apple's Q3 Have Moved Higher, And Not Because Of The Galaxy Note Recall
Skip to content Hackaday Primary Menu Home Blog Hackaday.io Store Hackaday Prize Submit About November 15, 2016 What’s The Deal With Atmel And Microchip? 64 Comments by: Brian Benchoff October 18, 2016 It’s been nearly a year since Microchip acquired Atmel for $3.56 Billion. As with any merger, acquisition, or buyout, there has been concern and speculation over what will become of the Atmel catalog, the Microchip catalog, and Microchip’s strategy for the coming years. For the Hackaday audience, this is a far more important issue than Intel’s acquisition of Altera, On Semi and Fairchild, and even Avago’s purchase of Broadcom in the largest semiconductor deal in history. The reason Microchip’s acquisition of Atmel is such an important issue is simply due to the fact the Hackaday community uses a lot of their parts. This was a holy war, and even changing the name of a line of chips to ‘MCMega’ would result in a consumer rebellion, or at least a lot of very annoying tweets. For the record, I’ve tried my best to figure out what’s going on with Microchip’s acquisition of Atmel for the last few months. I’ve talked to a few Microchip reps, a few Atmel reps, and talked to a few ‘out of band’ connections – people who should know what’s going on but aren’t directly tied to either Atmel or Microchip. The best I’ve come up with is a strange silence. From my perspective, it seems like something is going on, but no one is saying anything. Take the following with several grains of salt, but Microchip recently got in touch with me regarding their strategy following their Atmel acquisition. In a few thousand words, they outlined what’s going on in casa Microchip, and what will happen to the Atmel portfolio in the future. Broad Strokes In broad strokes, the Microchip PR team wanted to emphasize a few of the plans regarding their cores, software, and how Microchip parts are made obsolete. In simple, bullet point terms, this is what Microchip passed on to me, to pass on to you: Microchip will continue their philosophy of customer-driven obsolescence. This has historically been true – Microchip does not EOL parts lightly, and the state of the art from 1995 is still, somewhere, in their catalog. We plan to support both Atmel Studio 7 and MPLAB® X for the foreseeable future. Microchip has never focused on “one core”, but rather on the whole solution providing “one platform.” This is also true. A year ago, Microchip had the MIPS-based PIC-32 cores, a few older PIC cores, and recently Microchip has released a few ARM cores. Atmel, likewise, has the family tree of 8 and 32-bit AVR cores and the ARM-based SAM cores. We will continue to support and invest in growing our 8-bit PIC® and AVR MCU product families. Specifics In addition to the broad strokes outlined above, Microchip also sent along a few questions and answers from Ganesh Moorthy, Microchip’s President and COO. These statements dig a little bit deeper into what’s in store for the Microchip and Atmel portfolios: How will the 32-bit products complement each other? Atmel has a few 32-bit microcontrollers, like the SAM and AT32 series. Microchip has the PIC-32. The answer to this question is, “Many of the 32-bit MCU products are largely complementary because of their different strengths and focus.  For example, the SAM series has specific families targeting lower power consumption and 5 volts where PIC32 has families more optimally suited for audio and graphics solutions. We plan to continue investing in both SAM and PIC32 families of products.” Will Atmel’s START support 8-bit AVRs? “Yes, although it is too early to commit to any specific dates at this stage, we consider modern rapid prototyping tools, such as START and the MPLAB Code Configurator, strategic for the our customers to deliver innovative and competitive solutions in this fast-paced industry.” Now that Microchip has a complete portfolio of low-power, inexpensive 32-bit microcontrollers, will the focus on 8-bit product be inevitably reduced? “No, we see that in actual embedded control applications there is still a large demand for the type of qualities that are uniquely provided by an 8-bit product such as: ease-of-use, 5V operation, robustness, noise immunity, real-time performance, long endurance, integration of analog and digital peripherals, extremely low-static power consumption and more. We don’t think that the number of bits is an appropriate / sufficient way to classify a complex product such as the modern microcontroller. We believe that having the right peripherals is actually what matters most.” Security, Memories, WiFi, and Analog products. For both Atmel and Microchip, the most visible products in each of their portfolios is the lineup of microcontrollers. This isn’t the limit of their portfolios, though: Atmel has space-grade memories, Microchip has some very useful networking chips, and both companies have a number of security and crypto chips. In the statements given by Moorthy, very little will change. The reason for this is the relative lack of overlap in these devices. Even in segments where there is significant overlap, no EOLs are planned, circling back to the, “philosophy of customer-driven obsolescence.” In other words, if people keep buying it, it’s not going away. The Takeaway What is the future of Microchip post-Atmel acquisition? From what I’m seeing, not much. Microchip is falling back on their philosophy of ‘customer-driven obsolescence’. What does that mean? Any non-biased assessment of Microchip’s EOL policy is extremely generous. The chip found in the Basic Stamp 1, from 1993, is still available. It’s not recommended for new designs, but you can still buy it. That’s impressive any way you look at it. The one thing we’re not getting out of this pseudo press release is information about what Atmel will be called in a few years. Will the Atmel mark be subsumed by a gigantic letter ‘M’? Will the company retain two different trademarks? There is no public information about this. Yes, I know this post is a nearly verbatim copy of a pseudo press release. I’m not particularly happy this information was presented to me this way, but then again, the Atmel/Microchip ecosystem has been impressively secretive. This is the only information that exists, though, and I’m glad to have it in any event. That said, there are a lot of people in the Hackaday community that want to know what the deal is with Microchip and Atmel. Short of pulling Jerry Seinfeld out of retirement, this is the best we’re going to get for now. Of course, if you have any info or speculation, the comments below are wide open. Posted in Microcontrollers, newsTagged acquisition, Atmel, merger, mergers and acquisitions, microchip Post navigation ← Monstrous Suit of Power Armor 3D Printed over 140 Days Electromagnetic Pulse: Pure Hollywood? → 64 thoughts on “What’s The Deal With Atmel And Microchip?” yeti says: October 18, 2016 at 4:09 am I didn’t get along with PIC(32) stuff because of the toolchains and Linux… …has someone ever managed to build Duinomite-BASIC on Linux? I hope, they don’t touch AVR-GCC! Report comment Reply hli says: October 18, 2016 at 4:51 am I did not try to compile the Duinomite BASIC specifically, but in my experience compiling on Linux is without problems. I’m on Linux exclusively, and MPLABX does run fine (even with PIC32 projects). (For Duinomite-BASIC: the project requires using the obsolete C32 v1.11b compiler. It also uses wrong upper-case for file names. So it seems whoever created the project was using a Windows system only. This is not Microchips fault…) Report comment Reply yeti says: October 18, 2016 at 5:03 am I never found 1.11b for Linux… But that’s history now. I sure will not retry it. Report comment Reply Jacques1956 says: October 18, 2016 at 5:22 am No problem compiling MPLABX projects for any PIC family working on ubuntu 16.04 Report comment Reply Jan Ciger (@janoc200) says: October 18, 2016 at 5:30 am AVR-GCC is part of the standard GCC distribution, Atmel only kept a patched/more up to date version of it.If they killed, they wouldn’t have a compiler for their AVR/XAVR MCUs (Atmel Studio is using GCC as well). Report comment Reply MoJo says: October 18, 2016 at 10:07 am I just hope they don’t pull some dick move like Microchip who also use GCC, but make you pay for their fork or compile it yourself (which they make as difficult as possible). The free version is crippled. Report comment Reply ThePiGrepper says: October 18, 2016 at 12:52 pm Can they do that? Even their ‘real’ version should have the code available. Report comment Reply Quin says: October 18, 2016 at 2:02 pm GPL says they have to provide the code to anyone who gets it from them. If they only sell it, then the code does not need to be given away to anyone but customers. Now, those customers could just repost the GPL code for others. Report comment jaromirs says: October 18, 2016 at 9:38 am I built it just now, under Linux Mint 18. It is simple, though if you need to help with that, just ask. Report comment Reply Eugene says: October 19, 2016 at 4:27 am Duinomite isn’t even Microchip’s product, if you have an issue with it thats not Microchip’s fault. Microchip’s tools run fine on Linux. Report comment Reply Gravis says: October 18, 2016 at 4:25 am Microchip does not help open source projects at all. In fact, they sell old versions of GCC for $800 because they keep the build arguments secret. It’s time to abandon Atmel and AVR because they are going to same way. Report comment Reply Jacques1956 says: October 18, 2016 at 5:28 am http://blog.flyingpic24.com/2014/01/19/an-open-source-toolchain-how-to-guide-for-the-pic32/ Report comment Reply Jacques1956 says: October 18, 2016 at 5:33 am Too bad this link refer to another link but the last is a dead one. Report comment Reply ziggurat29 says: October 18, 2016 at 6:19 am It’s on WayBack, if interested: https://web.archive.org/web/20160323044227/http://wise-ware.org/wiki Report comment Reply yeti says: October 18, 2016 at 6:55 am http://retrobsd.org/wiki/doku.php/doc/toolchain-mips may be useful too… Report comment Neil Cherry says: October 18, 2016 at 7:27 am I found the missing link: :-) http://www.wise-ware.com.br/?p=134&lang=en Report comment Reply Paul Stoffregen says: October 18, 2016 at 4:44 am My main concern isn’t about the tech or end-of-life policy on chips, but rather the trend of price increases. Report comment Reply Jacques1956 says: October 18, 2016 at 5:32 am They still have many competitors so the prices should not increase that much. Report comment Reply MoJo says: October 18, 2016 at 10:09 am Prices of Atmel parts have rocketed already. I worry that they aren’t going to be developing some of Atmel’s best lines like XMEGA too. XMEGA is a great platform, I’ve used it in massive quantities in a few commercial projects over the past five years. Report comment Reply zakqwy says: October 18, 2016 at 7:59 am Agreed. It’s only one data point but it has had a big effect for me–ATtiny88s nearly doubled in price over the last year. Consolidation inevitably increases prices and that’s not a good thing. Report comment Reply Miroslav says: October 18, 2016 at 8:50 am I noticed that too. I guess antitrust laws don’t work so well anymore. Report comment Reply Martin says: October 19, 2016 at 7:26 am I am not sure if they are supposed to apply in this case :-( There are several other MCU manufacturers. ST with STM8 and STM32, Infineon, Renesas and NXP. Of course some of them are not interested in the hobbyist market. Report comment Reply jaromirs says: October 18, 2016 at 9:33 am Don’t know how it is possible, but one major EU supplier has ATmega328p approximately 40% cheaper than it was one or two years ago – and AFAIK cheaper than ever before. ATmega128a is cca 30% and ATmega2560 20% cheaper. I compared it against old invoices from the same supplier right now. Report comment Reply asdf says: October 18, 2016 at 10:00 am If Atmel couldn’t make enough money to survive, I suppose something has to change. Report comment Reply lol says: October 18, 2016 at 2:49 pm Having developed a couple huge projects with the RFA2 family of atmel, and the prices going from 5€ to 9€ was a nice kick to the nuts… Report comment Reply Phlipski says: October 18, 2016 at 5:43 am It should also be interesting what happens to the Atmel portfolio in light of the apparent bad blood caused by this merger. Microchip’s CEO sounds like a real a-hole. If the remaining Atmel employee’s leave then what happens to the support for those products? No support sounds like a recipe for a slow death of products since they won’t get many new design wins… http://www.eetimes.com/document.asp?doc_id=1329412 Report comment Reply RW says: October 18, 2016 at 6:26 am I dunno, he may be, or may not be, thing is when you tell people the plain unvarnished facts of life, they might not want to hear it. 5 years from now, might be able to look back, pore over the accounts and figure if it was truth or bluff. However, in general, if there’s X dollars available total for something that means it only gives 0.5 the desired result, and you get lawyers and government involved, that means you can kiss goodbye to somewhere between 0.7 and 0.9 of X, and end up with a range of 0.15 to 0.05 of the desired result…. an even derpier move (Unions tend to like this one, I have no idea why..) is to force a company that’s adequately servicing it’s debt payments, and providing ongoing employment and economic activity, but has assets and reserves only about equal to debt, into bankruptcy, whereupon the lenders and lawyers get paid first, it’s shut down and there’s nothing left. Anyway, sounds to me like that’s what he was going on about with the burning house thing, facts of life. Now for example you have 2 types of people, get one of each and say, “Here’s a plate of good food, if you eat it right now it’s fresh and nourishing, if you leave it sitting there two weeks and then eat it, you may get sick and die from conditions including but not limited to botulism, listeria, salmonella, fungal toxins or other biological factors.” …. and the one guy will say “Heh, thanks.” and nosh down.. and the other guy will be all “OMG you totally tried to blackmail me into eating this food by threatening to murder me with poison!!!!! FFFFFFffffFFFFFF This isn’t okay!!! POLICE!!! LAWYERS!!!!!” Report comment Reply Kevin Harrelson says: October 18, 2016 at 7:24 am The CEO of Microchip was simply put in a bad position in the terms of the benefits. What actually happened: 1) Atmel promised benefits in case of layoffs after an acquisition (when Dialog merger was announced). 2) Those benefits were unusually large. 3) Those benefits EXPIRED in case the acquisition happened after a certain date. 4) The Microchip acquisition happened AFTER that certain date. These facts put Sanghi in a bad position, and I think that he did the best that he could. I have a lot more trust in Microchip leadership than I ever did in Atmel. Report comment Reply boz says: October 18, 2016 at 11:51 am agreed. MC have a pretty good reputation (except here) if people continue using atmel products, they’re going to continue to supply them with better price and availability than existed before. if atmel staff do leave it will affect development of new products but not existing ones Report comment Reply Jacques1956 says: October 18, 2016 at 8:50 am “No support sounds like a recipe for a slow death of products”. For me the only thing of value in atTiny,atMega and atXmega is the core. As CEO says: “We believe that having the right peripherals is actually what matters most.” If one compare the rich set of peripherals of 8 bits PIC to atTiny,atMega and atXmega, the good move should be to replace the PIC outdated core with the AVR core and keep the rich set of PIC peripherals. Report comment Reply Jonathan Wilson says: October 18, 2016 at 5:49 am The one question this doesn’t answer is what will happen to the base tool chains. Will we see the Atmel parts move towards what the Microchip parts have (where you can either use the free gimped GCC compiler and libraries, the for-pay full-featured GCC compiler and libraries or a self-built GCC that gives you no license at all for the libraries) or will we see Microchip open up and stop charging extra for a full-featured GCC on these parts? Or will we see the new entity keep the same policies on both (gimped tools on the PIC parts and open tools on the Atmel parts) Report comment Reply Steve Rodgers says: October 18, 2016 at 8:26 am Microchip does not control the source code for gcc-avr, or avr-libc. Those will continue to be available for no cost. In the long term, I believe the 8 bit PIC architecture will be EOL’d or not recommended for new designs. The reason is lack of support for open tools (the gimped GCC compiler doesn’t help things), and the inefficiencies of the 8 bit PIC instruction set (Banks, lack of multiple and divide, C-compiler hostile instruction set, etc.). The 8 bit marketplace is still viable. We just need more powerful microcontrollers in that space. I’d like to see some 8 bit AVR’s refreshed to run at 3.3V and 2.5V and have clock speeds in the 10’s MHz. Report comment Reply boz says: October 18, 2016 at 12:16 pm I for one don’t give a shit if the cpu is driven by a shit pic core, an uber efficient Atmel core or a fucking pixie riding a unicorn, that’s what my compiler is for, my product selection will be by peripheral set, price and availability. Bottom line I will EOL before the PIC 8 does and the ATMega is much more likely to be around for a long time now which is good for us as we have two products using them. Report comment Reply Martin says: October 19, 2016 at 7:33 am Isn’t that the advantage of the XMega series? Report comment Reply Moryc says: October 19, 2016 at 12:02 am Here is link to two simple tests of optimization in XC8 compiler and its math library: http://www.elektroda.pl/rtvforum/viewtopic.php?p=15447531#15447531 Free version turned out to be faster in second test. And the differences are not that big either… Report comment Reply Bill says: October 18, 2016 at 6:38 am Since the latest Atmel studio currently refuses to install on my windows 7 PC, I’m hoping the merger will give us some toolchain improvements. Report comment Reply x3n0x says: October 18, 2016 at 11:48 am Don’t worry. You haven’t missed much by not using Atmel Studio 7, except the extra bloat etc… Report comment Reply wilbertofdelaware says: October 18, 2016 at 7:08 am atmel studio will free version will get a crippled compiler and for basic “optimizations” you will pay $$$$ Report comment Reply Ken N says: October 18, 2016 at 9:30 am I finally got with PICs (mostly 8-bit) about 9 years ago. I struggled with MPLAB and had some success… but things really took off for me when I tried sourceboost (C compilers, so-so IDE and some really nice emulation plugins). The pace of updating has been glacial, might almost be abandonware, but sourceboost’s free C compiler level plus the $20 plugins has met all my PIC 8-bit development needs so far. About a year ago, I finally tried out the Arduino ecosystem, as part of my playing with ESP8266. And wow… with all the libraries and their ‘harmonization’ of the build/deploy process to so many different boards… pretty addictive. Add to that the availability of useful form-factors at low low price (eg a Nano clone for $3). I’m now using the vMicro Arduino plugin for Visual Studio to get a better IDE. All-in-all, Arduino is a much friendlier and more active universe for embedded processer learning and development. By comparison, getting into PICs was a slog. I think I know where most hobbyists/hackers will be found. PIC now has MPLAB Xpress (online IDE) and a little board to go along with it… I’ve got one, but again, Arduino is still friendlier and cheaper. Now I’m not a power-user or a commercial developer. I suppose MicroChip is getting most of their sales from commercial users. Report comment Reply Jacques1956 says: October 18, 2016 at 9:52 am “I suppose MicroChip is getting most of their sales from commercial users.” It is the case of all MCU manufacturers. Whatever the success of Arduino Atmel didn’t made their buisiness with it. How many electronic thermometers, remote control, etc are sold every year? a lot more than any Arduino board. Those who think that 8 bits MCU will be dead soon don’t understand the market. All those small electronic devices sold by million every year is where the 8 bits MCU market is, not the hobbyist/maker/hacker. quiz: how MCU there is in a car today? “It is estimated that today’s well-equipped automobile uses more than 50 microcontroller units (MCUs).” source: http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?arnumber=6004783 Report comment Reply Ken N says: October 18, 2016 at 11:04 am All good points. And i still love my 8-bit PICs. I wouldn’t be surprised though, if designs that start out as Arduino prototypes start showing up in finished products as well. With proper testing for function and safety, of course… On that point, I have to say that some of the MCU designs in our appliances are downright f#@king embarrassing (google “dryer E68 error” Grrrrr.) I hope MicroChip continues in their efforts to make their entry-level stuff easier and more accessible. Report comment Reply evad says: October 18, 2016 at 10:00 pm Stuck button error code? Check out the software requirements for making a dryer. EN/UL-60335, Annex R. Good luck with Arduino getting the necessary documentation, tool-chain relics and compliance with the product safety class required for the software “component.” As more and more products get swept into 60730 and 60335, the scope of what you can sell without at least Class B libraries will get smaller and smaller. Report comment Reply drenehtsral says: October 18, 2016 at 9:54 am I, for one, welcome our new microcontroller overlords. That being said, I’m a dyed-in-the-wool PIC user and have been since 1997 or so. What I expect to see more of (and which I am already seeing some of) is cross pollination of peripherals. What Microchip did right with the PIC32 line was introducing the concept of all peripheral registers having a normal r/w persona and three aliases for set, clear, and invert. That allows for bit-twiddling of peripherals on instruction sets that don’t provide those operations natively. This means you can harness any core to such peripheral devices and have a working microcontroller. I would like to see that model applied to the best peripherals from both IP portfolios and then see those available on a range of cores for the various niche needs as well as general purpose embedded smarts. This is what Microchip had excelled at over the years and I expect them to continue. They have already started this with the low cost PIC32MM motor control / power control MCUs which have the three-phase (six output) smart PWM in a $1.50 (quantity one) micro. If I am not mistaken that peripheral came from Atmel originally. Report comment Reply jcamdr says: October 18, 2016 at 9:56 am While START is certainly a good idea, I found it unable to even load many examples using the SAMD21 There fail on missing dependencies. The USB examples are not functional at all. Look like there don’t have a script that automatically test all the example before releasing it on the web. Report comment Reply Miroslav says: October 18, 2016 at 10:39 am Atmega328 is CAN $4.77 from my usual supplier (http://www.digikey.ca/product-detail/en/atmel/ATMEGA328-PU/ATMEGA328-PU-ND/2271026). Meanwhile I can buy the entire Arduino Uno clone from aliexpress for about the same cost. Strange times. If Atmel line goes down, I hope that Chinese will be quick to produce a compatible chip. Report comment Reply some guy says: October 18, 2016 at 11:39 am >Meanwhile I can buy the entire Arduino Uno clone from aliexpress for about the same cost. Strange times But you don’t know what chip you get. Might be a bad clone, might be an original but off-spec recovered from the bin, … Report comment Reply rnjacobs says: October 18, 2016 at 11:08 am I’d like to point out that Microchip’s purchase of SST … those parts are still exclusively badged “SST”. Microchip’s purchase of HI-TECH … the compiler is still badged “HI-TECH C” I wouldn’t be surprised if “changing the branding” is simply not something they’re thinking about now, nor anywhere in the nearish future. Report comment Reply evad says: October 18, 2016 at 6:27 pm Don’t forget SMSC Report comment Reply halherta says: October 18, 2016 at 11:54 am 8-bit microcontrollers are old and antiquated. 32-bit microcontrollers are modern, offer more performance and ease of programming. With the exception of the AVR all other 8-bit architectures are not optimized for C programming. 2K of RAM even on AVRs is not enough to program in C comfortably. The Cortex-m0 core, costs less than 8-bit cores, exhibits similar or less power dissipation, improved performance and ease of programming in C/C++. Microchip 8-bit microcontrollers are exceptionally horrible on the tools, architecture and performance fronts. They have decent peripherals but nothing to write home about. The PIC32/dsPIC/PIC24 families are much better options in my mind and I’d use them if Microchip didn’t cripple the GCC toolchain optimization for these devices. The AVRs are still cool if you’re doing basic arduino stuff. For everything else I’d use Atmel cortex-m0 cores, TI’s TIVA C cortex m4s, or anything by STM32s. You can get STM32 Cortex-m0 in really tiny 20 pin SSOPS and 0.8mm 32-TQFPs packaging. They’re cheap, powerful easy to program in C and come with impressive peripherals. As far as I’m concerned Microchip and to a lesser extent Atmel are becoming increasingly less relevant in the Embedded industry, This becomes even more apparent when taking a good look at how many design wins the STM32 is taking as well as the rising popularity of the ESP32 and ESP8266 chips in the hobbyist/Maker arena Report comment Reply bubba gump says: October 18, 2016 at 3:40 pm You have never worked for a company period. That has turned a profit period. I have worked with companies that allow sloppy stupid engineers to use a 32 bit micro and we come in and put in a 16 bit, or you use a 16 bit and we put in in an eight. There are still products that use 555’s for things that weren’t supposed to be. Be real, get real and get a job. Report comment Reply profumple says: October 18, 2016 at 5:27 pm Back in the basement with u. How’d you get out? 339 comparator with ur name on it waiting for you. Report comment Reply halherta says: October 18, 2016 at 6:54 pm Since we’re going to start making assumptions about each other, most people who still advocate 8 bit/16-bit over 32-bit are outdated and keep clinging onto how things were done in the past because they’re unwilling/ unable or fear change. This is stupid and does not inspire. The 1990s called, they want their crappy 8/16 bit microcontrollers back (especially the ones from Microchhip). Even if i have to use an 8-bit microcontroller…I wouldn’t touch Microchip products PIC16/PIC18 with a 10-foot pole. Because let’s face it….most PIC16/PIC18 microcontrollers are GARBAGE. They’ve been garbage for at least 20 years now. They’re inferior to AVRs and always have been core wise. Some of their peripherals are better, bit so what. Most cortex-M0 have peripherals that blow the PIC16/PIC18 peripherals out of the water. The fact is that 32-bit micros come in so many varieties low pin count, low memory count, low power, low cost e.t.c32-bit can be lean, mean and low cost….much lower cost than the 30 year old crappy PIC18/PIC16. They’re also easier to program and have decent open source tools that can be acquired for free. Unlike Microchip’s cheap attempt at making its own 16/32 bit compilers by ripping off open source toolchains and crippling their optimizations. Oh well I guess we won’t be seeing eye to eye on this matter anytime soon. Report comment Reply Ken N says: October 18, 2016 at 7:18 pm Most people working with 8-bit micro’s these days are just whipping up something modest, some digital dirt to replace a handful of CMOS, fart some serial, and put chars on a LCD display. Oh and blink a LED. 32 bit MCUs are lovely, but you don’t need a Cray to read a DS18B20 I must disagree on the C programmability of PIC16 stuff… they work for me, and maybe a few others. It would be interesting to compare the reliability of some venerable 8-bit parts vs some new low-pin-count 3.3v 32bit jewels in the rougher applications. I will continue to disagree until my last tube of PICs are used up… then I will try something newer, then jump onto HaD to tell you that THESE are the cat’s nuts :-) Report comment Reply Neil says: October 18, 2016 at 8:15 pm “fart some serial”. You, sir, just made my day. Report comment evad says: October 18, 2016 at 9:47 pm Nice opinion there. STM can’t seem to make a lot of money, on any of their products. That’s a big problem. “As far as I’m concerned Microchip and to a lesser extent Atmel are becoming increasingly less relevant in the Embedded industry, This becomes even more apparent when taking a good look at how many design wins the STM32 is taking as well as the rising popularity of the ESP32 and ESP8266 chips in the hobbyist/Maker arena” I don’t know of a serious business that is considering ESP32 or ES8266 in their products, only the maker / kickstarter crowd. STM gets design wins because their parts are the lowest cost with reasonable support, right now. I would know, I design them in over other vendors unless the customer requires me to use a particular microcontroller. I don’t know how long a company can have negative revenue year-over-year and still survive, but ST is running that experiment. Microchip’s issue now is that they are making and supporting a variety of heterogeneous architectures. When I asked the microchip reps this they don’t seem to know how it will all shake out. Microchip’s claim to fame was that they never obsoleted parts (except for failed PIC17.) The 32 bit micros may be easier to use but the lowest cost from ST seems to be STM8S003 series. It also has real EEPROM with a lot of write cycles. I2C EEPROM is cheap, but that’s an additional part and pins. STM32L series has real EEPROM but costs a whole lot more than the STM32F or STM8. The Flash rewrite life on the STM32F series is comically low. like 2K / 10K writes for many of the cheap parts. But whatever floats your boat. I could see like TI buying ST just for their MEMs stuff. Report comment Reply Stefan Meiser says: October 19, 2016 at 2:07 am You got to the point. At least all european union citizens are paying tge negative revenue of ST with their taxes and financing this system. So far Draghi is putting lot of printed money in this business but guess what will happen if this one day stops? For the non-european users here, buying st component also currently sponsors this kind of business. Report comment Reply evad says: October 18, 2016 at 9:53 pm I look forward to eating your lunch. Report comment Reply Moryc says: October 18, 2016 at 11:48 pm Then riddle me this, o wise one, why there are 4-bit microcontrollers still in use? Also how much computational power you need to run a fridge, washing machine or vending machine? How much MIPS you would need to make car windows that close automatically when you lock the car? 8-bit micros are here to stay, and you are wrong. 8-bit microcontrollers are in use for 44 years now, and I’m expecting them to stay for another twenty years at least. And as prices of more advanced microcontrollers drop, prices of 8-bit ones drop too, and they keep gaining better and more advanced peripherals… Read this: http://www.designnews.com/author.asp?doc_id=278431 Report comment Reply halherta says: October 19, 2016 at 4:49 am It’s not necessarily about processing speed it’s also about time to market. A 32-bit can comfortably be programmed in C with vendor provided peripheral libraries. The combination of both of these means than designs can get of the ground running quickly and effectively. The final program/firmware may not be as optimized as if it were written on a 4-bit microcontroller in assembly, but it works, its tested and is compliant with the necessary standards. It also took a significantly shorter time to develop than writing assembly for an 8-bit/4-bit microcontroller. Also please name me one 4 bit microcontroller. I’ve been working on and off with microcontrollers for 20 years never ever came across a 4-bit microcontroller. Besides I thought that many of the systems required to do simple things like control a vending machine or open a car window were made in China anyways nowadays. I never said that 8-bits are dead….but they’re definitely in decline and for good reason…..because 32-bit micros are so much better. It’s not about the MIPS, but rather overall convenience, cost and time to market. Anyone starting in Microcontrollers today should focus primarily on 32-bit micros. There’s a reason why no one uses the 6502 anymore….Heck when was the last time anyone here about a new product utilizing the 68HC11? or even the 32-bitter 68332? These microcontrollers/microoprocessors are all very old and not used in new designs because better options out there; primarily cortex-m0/m3/m4 micros. Despite their age (40 years+) all three actually have well designed cores that are superior to the PIC16/PIC18 core. Report comment Reply VEC7OR says: October 19, 2016 at 7:12 am Epson S1C60 series, Samsung S3C7, you know the stuff that runs toothbrushes and dildos. Report comment Reply external_bus says: October 19, 2016 at 7:24 am The 68HC11 can be setup to use external data/program memory thru a bus, I miss that sort of funcionality. Does anybody knows if there are any newer parts (from any semiconductor manufacturer) with that functionality? Report comment Reply mac012345 says: October 19, 2016 at 8:59 am NXP Kinetis Flexbus? Report comment Miroslav says: October 19, 2016 at 7:58 am “””There’s a reason why no one uses the 6502 anymore….Heck when was the last time anyone here about a new product utilizing the 68HC11?””” – extra support chips required, that’s why. Modern microcontrollers don’t need external components. Report comment Reply 2FTG says: October 19, 2016 at 4:11 pm Shitloads of stuff have embedded 6502 cores. 8051 is still hugely popular. Report comment Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Search Search for: Never miss a hack Follow on facebook Follow on google+ Follow on twitter Follow on youtube Follow on rss Contact us Subscribe If you missed it Medium Over Message: A CD-ROM Multimedia Bubble Survivor’s Tale 56 Comments The Little Mechanism That Made Precise Time-keeping Possible 31 Comments Path To Craftsmanship: Don’t Buy Awful Safety Gear 69 Comments An Introduction to CNC Machine Control 29 Comments Resurrection — Pressing WW2 Radio Equipment Back into Service 25 Comments More from this category CategoriesCategories Select Category 3d Printer hacks Android Hacks Arduino Hacks ARM Ask Hackaday ATtiny Hacks Beer Hacks blackberry hacks Business car hacks Cellphone Hacks chemistry hacks classic hacks clock hacks cnc hacks computer hacks cons contests cooking hacks Crowd Funding Curated Current Events digital audio hacks digital cameras hacks downloads hacks drone hacks Engine Hacks Engineering Fail of the Week Featured Fiction firefox hacks FPGA g1 hacks google hacks gps hacks green hacks Hackaday Columns Hackaday links Hackaday Store Hackerspaces HackIt handhelds hacks hardware History Holiday Hacks home entertainment hacks home hacks how-to Interest internet hacks Interviews iphone hacks ipod hacks Kindle hacks Kinect hacks laptops hacks laser hacks led hacks lifehacks linux hacks lockpicking hacks macs hacks major tom Medical hacks Microcontrollers misc hacks multitouch hacks musical hacks netbook hacks Network Hacks news nintendo ds hacks nintendo gameboy hacks nintendo hacks nintendo wii hacks Nook Hacks Original Art palm pre hacks parts peripherals hacks phone hacks playstation hacks podcasts portable audio hacks portable video hacks psp hacks radio hacks rants Raspberry Pi repair hacks Retrotechtacular reviews robots hacks roundup security hacks Skills slider Software Development software hacks solar hacks tablet pcs hacks teardown Tech Hacks The Hackaday Prize tool hacks toy hacks transportation hacks Uncategorized video hacks Virtual Reality weapons hacks wearable hacks Weekly roundup wireless hacks xbox hacks Our Columns New Part Day: Smoothie For RAMPS 53 Comments Ask Hackaday: How Do You Convert Negative Voltages to Positive? 76 Comments Hackaday Links: November 13, 2016 15 Comments Hackenings: KiCAD, Science, DevOps, and Cyber 3 Comments Retrotechtacular: The Golden Book of Chemistry Experiments 33 Comments More from this category Recent comments tweepy on An SDR For The Rest Of Them joe dyke on The Little Mechanism That Made Precise Time-keeping Possible threepointone on Ask Hackaday: How Do You Convert Negative Voltages to Positive? tweepy on Waiting For A Letter? This IoT Mailbox Will Tell You Exactly When It Arrives. Tore Lund on An SDR For The Rest Of Them cyk on Waiting For A Letter? This IoT Mailbox Will Tell You Exactly When It Arrives. Thijs on An SDR For The Rest Of Them Moryc on An SDR For The Rest Of Them joe dyke on Waiting For A Letter? This IoT Mailbox Will Tell You Exactly When It Arrives. SebiR on The Little Mechanism That Made Precise Time-keeping Possible Now on Hackaday.io David H Haffner Sr has updated the log for 3D-Printable Raman Field Use Spectrometer. PhilMo6 has added a new log for Lua Pi Pan. Adam Fabio wrote a reply on The 1kB Challenge. Adam Fabio wrote a reply on The 1kB Challenge. Sci wrote a comment on Printed Semiconductors for 3D Metal Printers. vlk liked Supercapacitor powered LED jewelry. Mark Sherman has updated the project titled Cat-644. Peter Noyes has added a new log for Dodo: 6502 Game System. Mark Sherman has added a new log for Cat-644. katbinx liked sdramThingZero - 133MS/s 32-bit Logic Analyzer. Home Blog Hackaday.io Store Hackaday Prize Video Submit a tip About Contact us Never miss a hack Follow on facebook Follow on google+ Follow on twitter Follow on youtube Follow on rss Contact us Subscribe to Newsletter Copyright © 2016 | Hackaday, Hack A Day, and the Skull and Wrenches Logo are Trademarks of Hackaday.com Powered by WordPress.com VIP
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Games Games Accessories Handheld Mobile Games Nintendo PC Gaming More PlayStation Toys VR Xbox Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / VR News / VR headsets will be the size of regular glasses "very soon", says Qualcomm VR headsets will be the size of regular glasses "very soon", says Qualcomm by Alastair Stevenson 18 October 2016 0 shares Read Comments Virtual- and augmented-reality headsets will be the size of regular glasses in the near future, according to Qualcomm. Qualcomm senior vice president Raj Talluri made the claim during a keynote at the company’s 5G summit, attended by TrustedReviews. “We’ve loaded our hardware into the Gear, plus a bunch [of other headsets] already. We've found that because of increases in processing, we can now build mobile VR devices where you don’t need to tether them to your phone,” he said. “If you look at my glasses, they [VR/AR headsets] won’t look too different in a few years. They’re not there right now, but we can already see that eventually they will be.” According to Talluri, the glasses will revolutionise the way people consume media such as sports. “The way you watch sports, watch the action and broadcasting in general is going to be very different. With sports, the court side is the best seat,” he said. “Imagine there’s someone sitting there with a 360 camera recording the action, and you’re in your living room wearing these glasses getting the same view as the them. Move your head and you can see exactly the same view.” Talluri added: “With further advances you’ll even be able to get up and walk around.” Qualcomm is one of many companies talking about 3D sports entertainment. Intel announced that Red Bull Media House and X Games will be using its RealSense cameras and Curie chips to create interactive 3D viewing experiences at CES in January. The tech wasn’t showcased in VR, but Intel did also exhibit a number of augmented-reality headsets running Curie chips. It’s all about 5G and pushing beyond 4K – apparently Qualcomm CTO Matt Grob said that, even with more advanced standalone headsets, VR and AR won’t become mass-market products until the launch of 5G. “5G will let us stream high-quality 360-degree VR from anywhere. When you have the ability to offer a Gbps, low-latency, low-cost connection, you can take advantage of cloud processing. That’s what’s going to enable companies such as Magic Leap and many others to bring Hollywood-style graphics, in real-time, to large numbers of people,” he said. The news comes mere hours after Qualcomm announced its first 5G modem: the Snapdragon X50. The X50 is designed to support early 5G trials and launches on Verizon in the US and in Korea with Korea Telecom, and will support 5Gbps download speeds. Grob said the tech will let companies create “beyond 4K” entertainment experiences. “When I say beyond 4K, you may think why beyond 4K? If you look at a 4K screen compared to a lower-res one you may think it is better than regular HD. But if you take that, project it across your entire field of view, use some pixels for the left, some for the right, 4K may not be enough,” he explained. “So to get true immersion you need a lot of wireless technology. Bandwidth up to 1GHz, multiple Gbps downloads for 4K movies [...] With 5G we can support over 1,00,000 high-speed video connections within the space of a city block. That will allow VR and AR experiences to be had by everyone.” Qualcomm isn’t the only company looking to use 5G to grow its AR/VR offering. Microsoft corporate vice president Nagraj Kashyap listed increased data connectivity as a key challenge facing numerous emerging technologies, during a separate keynote at the summit. “There will be adoption of AR, VR and everything in-between. But these experiences will not come into commission if we don’t have high-speed mobile and home networks. We need to work on this as an industry,” he said. “A world where the mobility of experiences, be it car, a drone or a mixed reality, we need continued improvements in mobile networks and cloud computing to fuel the next industrial revolution.” Microsoft is currently working to release a wired, HoloLens, augmented-reality headset. It's currently in development, but tech demos have shown it being used for everything from gaming to medical research. Related: PlayStation VR vs Oculus Rift Watch: PlayStation VR review Excited about watching the footie in 360 degrees using a nifty VR headset? Let us know in the comments below. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
