Skip to content GPS Tracking Info Just another NEWS site Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Nvidia, and AMD Increase GPU Attach Rates While Total GPU Shipments Remain Flat Quarter to Quarter By admin in Uncategorized February 16, 2017 Nvidia Increases market share 1.5% for Quarter, 1.1% over prior year. AMD Delivers 1.4% improvement while Intel share decreased 4% over prior period. tiny 3D Graphics Processor for Wearables/IoT Think Silicon S.A.Graphics Processing Unit IP VeriSilicon Holdings Co., Ltd. Ad February 16, 2017 — This is the latest report from Jon Peddie Research on the GPUs used in PCs. It is reporting on the results of Q4’16. The PC market seems to have regained its normal seasonality curve, where Q3 is the peak, Q2 is the trough, Q4 is flat to a little up and Q1 is flat to a little down. For Q4’16 it was flat in unit shipments from the previous quarter and down For Q4’16 from last quarter, it was above the ten-year average of -3.40%. Overall GPU shipments didn’t change from last quarter, AMD increased 10% Nvidia increased 10% and Intel was down 4%. Year-to-year total GPU shipments decreased 1.9%, desktop graphics decreased 3% notebooks decreased 1%. The Gaming PC segment, where higher-end GPUs are used, was once again the bright spot in the overall PC market for the quarter. Discrete GPUs gained market over integrated and the attach rate increased in Q4 from last year and is now 141%. Nvidia did particularly well in Q4’16, following a record quarter in Q3’16. Sales were fueled by their Pascal-based product line and the rash of new AAA graphics-demanding titles. AMD had the largest unit gain, 10.5%, while Nvidia had the largest share gain 1.5%, AMD was close with 1.4%. Quick highlights AMD’s overall unit shipments increased 10.49% quarter-to-quarter, Intel’s total shipments decreased 4.01% from last quarter, and Nvidia’s increased 9.52%. The attach rate of GPUs to PCs for the quarter was 141% which was down 5.52% from last quarter. Discrete GPUs were in 35.92% of PCs, which is up 1.23%. The overall PC market increased 3.96% quarter-to-quarter, and decreased 3.55% year-to-year. Desktop graphics add-in boards that use discrete GPUs increased 5.60% from last quarter. Q4’16 saw an increase in tablet shipments from last quarter. GPUs are traditionally a leading indicator of the market, since a GPU goes into every system before it is shipped, and most of the PC vendors are guiding cautiously and down for Q1’17. One thing to note, the Gaming PC segment, where higher-end GPUs are used, continues to deliver growth for PC makers. New gaming content and the promise of Virtual Reality are helping drive the demand for gaming desktops and notebooks. The report contains the following content: Worldwide GPU and PC Shipment Volume, 1994 to 2020. Detailed worldwide GPU Shipment Volume, 1Q 2001 to 2Q 2016, and forecast to 2020. Major suppliers: Detailed market share data-on the shipments of AMD, Intel, Nvidia, and others. Financial results for the leading suppliers: Analysis of the quarterly results of the leading GPU suppliers Market Forecasts: You will also be able to download a detailed spreadsheet and supporting charts that project the supplier’s shipments over the period 2001 to 2018. Projections are split into platforms and GPU type. GPUs: History, Status, and Analysis. Financial History from for the last nine quarter: Based on historic SEC filings, you can see current and historical sales and profit results of the leading suppliers. A Vision of the future: Building upon a solid foundation of facts, data and sober analysis, this section pulls together all of the report’s findings and paints a vivid picture of where the PC graphics market is headed. Charts, graphics, tables and more: Included with this report is an Excel workbook. It contains the data we used to create the charts in this report. The workbook has the charts and supplemental information. Our research finds that global GPU market demand in Q4’16 increased from last quarter, and increased from last year, to 100.30 million units this quarter, the highest it’s been in two years. In recent years, as the gaming ecosystem has expanded, software and hardware developers, as well as information service providers, and even governments have been attempting to unearth market opportunities coming from this new arena. And, global PC shipment volume is forecast to increase . The quarter in general AMD’s shipments of desktop heterogeneous GPU/CPUs, i.e., APUs, for desktops increased 16.9% from the previous quarter. AMD’s APU shipments were up 23.9% in notebooks. Desktop discrete GPUs increased 4.3% from last quarter, and notebook discrete shipments increased 3.2%. AMD’s total PC graphics shipments increased 10.5% from the previous quarter. Intel’s desktop processor embedded graphics shipments increased from last quarter by 10.7% and notebook processors decreased by 6.7%, and total PC graphics shipments decreased 4.0% from last quarter. Nvidia’s desktop discrete GPU shipments were up 6.1% from last quarter; and the company’s notebook discrete GPU shipments increased 13.8%, and total PC graphics shipments increased 9.5% from last quarter. Total discrete GPUs shipments for the industry increased 7.6% from the last quarter, and increased 12.0% from last year. Sales of discrete GPUs fluctuate due to a variety of factors , new product introductions, and the influence of integrated graphics. Overall, the CAGR from 2014 to 2017 is now -5%. Ninety nine percent of Intel’s non-server processors have graphics, and over 66% of AMD’s non-server processors contain integrated graphics; AMD still ships integrated graphics chipsets . For those who wish to understand the PC market, an understanding of the highly complex technology and ecosystem that has been built around the GPU is essential to understanding the market’s future directions. Graphics chips and chips with graphics GPUs shipments are a leading indicator for the PC market. At least one and often two GPUs are present in every PC shipped. It can take the form of a discrete chip, a GPU integrated in the chipset or embedded in… Post navigation India vs Australia Test 2017: Mitchell Johnson warns Josh Hazelwood & Mitchell Starc of suffering from burnout iPhone 8 said to feature “biometric tech” instead of Home Button Search for: Recent Posts Bigg Boss 10 finalist Bani J’s spilt: Reality or Publicity stunt? Badrinath Ki Dulhania song Humsafar: Alia Bhatt-Varun Dhawan starrer gets another soulful rendition after Samjhawan! Kuch Rang Pyar Ke Aise Bhi: Sonakshi & Dev get into a heated argument after Suhana goes missing! Badrinath Ki Dulhania audio song Roke Na Ruke: This song from Alia Bhatt-Varun Dhawan film is a treat to the ears! Jolly LLB 2 box office report day 6: Akshay Kumar’s film continues its victory march, collects Rs 72 crore Archives February 2017 January 2017 Categories Ciência Desporto Entretenimento Mundo Negócios Saúde Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 GPS Tracking Info. All Rights Reserved. Theme by I Love WordPress
Home Search Silicon IP Search Verification IP Latest News Industry Articles Industry Expert Blogs Videos Slides Events ≡ Menu Design And Reuse Login | Subscribe Company | design-reuse.cn | dr-embedded.com | D&R Products | English Chinese Login | Subscribe to D&R SoC News Alert Design And Reuse Search IP Categories Silicon IP Analog & Mixed Signal Storage Controller & PHY Graphic & Peripheral Interface Controller & PHY Processors & Microcontrollers Memory & Logic Library Security Multimedia Wireline Communication Wireless Communication Silicon IP Vendors   Verification IP Search / Browse Verification IP Vendors Software IP Search / Browse Software IP Vendors     Additional Services Wanted IPs IP Analytics Featured Products USB 2.0 OTG High/Full/Low-Speed Dual Role Core ARC HS38x2 dual-core 32-bit processor with MMU, ARCv2 ISA, for embedded Linux applications MIPI DPHY Gen2 Rx-Only 2 Lanes, 4 Lanes - TSMC 28HPM, LP 1.8V, North/South Poly Orientation 24-bit, 96dB Dynamic Range, 8 to 192 kHz Sampling Rate Stereo Audio Codec with Line Outputs, TSMC40LP News Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Fabless / IDM Deals Legal Business Financial Results People Commentary / Analysis 20 Most Popular News Latest News Winners & Losers of GloFo's China Deal Tuesday Feb. 14, 2017 Profile: Restructured Imagination focusses on PowerVR, MIPS and wireless IP Monday Feb. 13, 2017 Ford Invests in Argo AI, a New Artificial Intelligence Company, in Drive for Autonomous Vehicle Leadership Monday Feb. 13, 2017 Industry Articles Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Business 20 Most Popular Articles Featured Articles High Bandwidth Memory (HBM) Model & Verification IP Implementation - Beginner's guide Monday Feb. 13, 2017 Configurable Microprocessor for Life Essential Devices Monday Feb. 06, 2017 A Knowledge Sharing Framework for Fabs, SoC Design Houses and IP Vendors Monday Jan. 30, 2017 Blogs Industry Expert Blogs Deployable Artificial Neural Networks Will Change Everything Inside DSP - BDTi Case Study: Deep Understanding of Processor Architectures and Computer Vision Algorithms is Key to a Breakthrough Product Inside DSP - BDTi Xilinx vs Altera Update 2017 SemiWiki - Daniel Nenni Videos Slides Events IP-SOC Days 2017 IP-SOC 2016 Archives IP-SOC 2016 IP-SOC 2015 IP-SOC 2014 IP-SOC 2013 IP-SOC 2012 IP-SOC 2011 IP-SOC 2010 Choose a filter Full Site Search Silicon IP Verification IP Software IP News Industry Articles Nvidia, and AMD Increase GPU Attach Rates While Total GPU Shipments Remain Flat Quarter to Quarter Nvidia Increases market share 1.5% for Quarter, 1.1% over prior year. AMD Delivers 1.4% improvement while Intel share decreased 4% over prior period. tiny 3D Graphics Processor for Wearables/IoT Think Silicon S.A. Graphics Processing Unit (GPU) IP VeriSilicon Holdings Co., Ltd. Ad February 16, 2017 -- This is the latest report from Jon Peddie Research on the GPUs used in PCs. It is reporting on the results of Q4'16. The PC market seems to have regained its normal seasonality curve, where Q3 is the peak, Q2 is the trough, Q4 is flat to a little up and Q1 is flat to a little down. For Q4’16 it was flat in unit shipments from the previous quarter and down For Q4'16 from last quarter, it was above the ten-year average of -3.40%. Overall GPU shipments didn’t change from last quarter, AMD increased 10% Nvidia increased 10% and Intel was down 4%. Year-to-year total GPU shipments decreased 1.9%, desktop graphics decreased 3% notebooks decreased 1%. The Gaming PC segment, where higher-end GPUs are used, was once again the bright spot in the overall PC market for the quarter. Discrete GPUs gained market over integrated and the attach rate increased in Q4 from last year and is now 141%. Nvidia did particularly well in Q4’16, following a record quarter in Q3’16. Sales were fueled by their Pascal-based product line and the rash of new AAA graphics-demanding titles. AMD had the largest unit gain, 10.5%, while Nvidia had the largest share gain 1.5%, AMD was close with 1.4%. Quick highlights AMD’s overall unit shipments increased 10.49% quarter-to-quarter, Intel’s total shipments decreased 4.01% from last quarter, and Nvidia’s increased 9.52%. The attach rate of GPUs (includes integrated and discrete GPUs) to PCs for the quarter was 141% which was down 5.52% from last quarter. Discrete GPUs were in 35.92% of PCs, which is up 1.23%. The overall PC market increased 3.96% quarter-to-quarter, and decreased 3.55% year-to-year. Desktop graphics add-in boards (AIBs) that use discrete GPUs increased 5.60% from last quarter. Q4'16 saw an increase in tablet shipments from last quarter. GPUs are traditionally a leading indicator of the market, since a GPU goes into every system before it is shipped, and most of the PC vendors are guiding cautiously and down for Q1’17. One thing to note, the Gaming PC segment, where higher-end GPUs are used, continues to deliver growth for PC makers. New gaming content and the promise of Virtual Reality are helping drive the demand for gaming desktops and notebooks. The report contains the following content: Worldwide GPU and PC Shipment Volume, 1994 to 2020. Detailed worldwide GPU Shipment Volume, 1Q 2001 to 2Q 2016, and forecast to 2020. Major suppliers: Detailed market share data-on the shipments of AMD, Intel, Nvidia, and others. Financial results for the leading suppliers: Analysis of the quarterly results of the leading GPU suppliers Market Forecasts: You will also be able to download a detailed spreadsheet and supporting charts that project the supplier’s shipments over the period 2001 to 2018. Projections are split into platforms and GPU type. GPUs: History, Status, and Analysis. Financial History from for the last nine quarter: Based on historic SEC filings, you can see current and historical sales and profit results of the leading suppliers. A Vision of the future: Building upon a solid foundation of facts, data and sober analysis, this section pulls together all of the report's findings and paints a vivid picture of where the PC graphics market is headed. Charts, graphics, tables and more: Included with this report is an Excel workbook. It contains the data we used to create the charts in this report. The workbook has the charts and supplemental information. Our research finds that global GPU market demand in Q4'16 increased from last quarter, and increased from last year, to 100.30 million units this quarter, the highest it’s been in two years. In recent years, as the gaming ecosystem has expanded, software and hardware developers, as well as information service providers, and even governments have been attempting to unearth market opportunities coming from this new arena. And, global PC shipment volume is forecast to increase (albeit, slowly). The quarter in general AMD’s shipments of desktop heterogeneous GPU/CPUs, i.e., APUs, for desktops increased 16.9% from the previous quarter. AMD's APU shipments were up 23.9% in notebooks. Desktop discrete GPUs increased 4.3% from last quarter, and notebook discrete shipments increased 3.2%. AMD’s total PC graphics shipments increased 10.5% from the previous quarter. Intel’s desktop processor embedded graphics (EPGs) shipments increased from last quarter by 10.7% and notebook processors decreased by 6.7%, and total PC graphics shipments decreased 4.0% from last quarter. Nvidia’s desktop discrete GPU shipments were up 6.1% from last quarter; and the company’s notebook discrete GPU shipments increased 13.8%, and total PC graphics shipments increased 9.5% from last quarter. Total discrete GPUs (desktop and notebook) shipments for the industry increased 7.6% from the last quarter, and increased 12.0% from last year. Sales of discrete GPUs fluctuate due to a variety of factors (timing, memory pricing, etc.), new product introductions, and the influence of integrated graphics. Overall, the CAGR from 2014 to 2017 is now -5%. Ninety nine percent of Intel’s non-server processors have graphics, and over 66% of AMD’s non-server processors contain integrated graphics; AMD still ships integrated graphics chipsets (IGPs). For those who wish to understand the PC market, an understanding of the highly complex technology and ecosystem that has been built around the GPU is essential to understanding the market’s future directions. Graphics chips (GPUs) and chips with graphics (IGPs, APUs, and EPGs) GPUs shipments are a leading indicator for the PC market. At least one and often two GPUs are present in every PC shipped. It can take the form of a discrete chip, a GPU integrated in the chipset or embedded in the CPU. The average has grown from 1.2 GPUs per PC in 2001 to1.41 GPUs per PC. This detailed 56-page report will provide you with all the data, analysis and insight you need to clearly understand where this technology is today and where it's headed. Our findings include discrete and integrated graphics (CPU and chipset) for Desktops, Notebooks (and Netbooks), and PC-based commercial (i.e. iPad and Android-based Tablets), or ARM-based Servers. It does include x86-based tablets, Chromebooks, and embedded systems. Pricing and Availability The Jon Peddie Research's Market Watch is available now in both electronic and hard copy editions, and sells for $2,500. Included with this report is an Excel workbook with the data used to create the charts, the charts themselves, and supplemental information. The annual subscription price for JPR's Market Watch is $5,000 and includes four quarterly issues. Full subscribers to JPR services receive Tech Watch (the company's bi-weekly report) and a copy of Market Watch as part of their subscription. Click here to learn more about this major report, or to download it now. Or, for more information call 415/435-9368 or visit the Jon Peddie Research website at http://www.jonpeddie.com. About Jon Peddie Research Dr. Jon Peddie has been active in the graphics and multimedia fields for more than 30 years. Jon Peddie Research is a technically oriented multimedia and graphics research and consulting firm. Based in Tiburon, California, JPR provides consulting, research, and other specialized services to technology companies in a variety of fields including graphics development, multimedia for professional applications and consumer electronics, high-end computing, and Internet-access product development. Jon Peddie'sMarket Watch is a quarterly report focused on the market activity of PC graphics controllers for notebook and desktop computing.     Contact Jon Peddie Research (JPR) Fill out this form for contacting a Jon Peddie Research (JPR) representative. Your Name: Your E-mail address: Your Company address: Your Phone Number: Write your message:     Search Silicon IP 16,000 IP Cores from 450 Vendors Example: GPU IP Cores   Related News AMD increased market share in Q2 2016 despite overall GPU shipments declining 4%, from last quarter Overall GPU shipments dropped 11% from last quarter, AMD slipped 26%, Nvidia fell 16%, and Intel saw a 7.4% slip For the 4th quarter of 2015, GPU shipments increased 2.4% from last quarter Nvidia jumps 13% from last quarter, Intel up 11.6%, AMD slips 7% Reports JPR JPR Reports AMD jumps 11% in GPU shipments in Q2, Intel up 4%, Nvidia slips   See Jon Peddie Research (JPR) Latest News >> Breaking News Synopsys Posts Financial Results for First Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Nvidia, and AMD Increase GPU Attach Rates While Total GPU Shipments Remain Flat Quarter to Quarter VESA Highlights Growing DisplayPort Alt Mode Adoption and Latest DisplayPort Developments at Mobile World Congress SMIC Reports 2016 Fourth Quarter Results Ex-Leadcore Team Crafts SoC for Xiaomi   See Latest News >> Most Popular Automotive Grade Linux Continues Rapid Growth VESA Highlights Growing DisplayPort Alt Mode Adoption and Latest DisplayPort Developments at Mobile World Congress Microsemi Unveils Industry's Lowest Power Cost-Optimized FPGA Product Family for Access Networks, Wireless Infrastructure, Defense and Industry 4.0 Markets Intel Introduces Versatile New FPGA for Industrial and Automotive Markets Winners & Losers of GloFo's China Deal   See the Top 20 >> E-mail This Article Printer-Friendly Page EETimes © 2017 Design And Reuse All Rights Reserved. No portion of this site may be copied, retransmitted, reposted, duplicated or otherwise used without the express written permission of Design And Reuse. Partner with us Visit our new Partnership Portal for more information. Partner with us List your Products Suppliers, list your IPs for free. List your Products Design-Reuse.com Contact Us About us D&R Partner Program Advertise with Us Privacy Policy
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  PCs & Laptops  »  Misc PCs & Laptops  »  Review Review: Shuttle DX30 Barebones mini-PC by  Bennett Ring  |  Thursday 16 February 2017  | Comment Now Rating Overall: 45 "With a total cost of ownership of about $400, this is a nice little jewel that we’ve uncovered." Price $279 AUD > Pricing info Specs Intel Celeron J3355 CPU Processor (2.5GHz Burst Frequency, 10W TDP) • 1 x HDMI • 1 x DisplayPort • Requires DDR3L SO-DIMM memory (twin channels, maximum capacity 8GB at 1866MHz) and hard drive (2.5-inch SATA 6Gbps or M.2). Tweet Email this Print this Feedback A pleasant little 4K surprise. When we first received the pitch email about this product, we were quick to dismiss it. Positioned as a mini-PC designed to power retail displays, it seemed to be rather irrelevant to our audience – we’re pretty sure that specific audience reads “Point of Sale Monthly”. However, after taking a quick glance at the specs, we realised we’d found a hidden nugget of gold that would actually work pretty damn well as a media PC, for an incredibly low price. Let’s explain why this mini-PC is actually much more capable than something designed to deliver images to large displays in the middle of a shopping centre.  At the heart of this tiny box is Intel’s new Apollo Lake architecture, in the form of a J3355 CPU Processor. This was released in the tail-end of 2016, making far less of a splash than the new Kaby Lake processors, and it falls under the Celeron brand. Now, according to Intel’s very own website, all Celeron processors shouldn’t be capable of delivering 4K video. However, the SoC Celeron chip in the DX30 does indeed support hardware acceleration of a wide-range of video codecs; H.264, VC-1, WMV9, HEVC and VP9. It seems that the Intel website might need an update… Compared to most desktop CPUs, this chip looks like a very underpowered critter. With a Turbo frequency of just 2.5GHz and a maximum TDP of a mere 10W, this is no i5-killer. But the secret ingredient here is Intel’s integrated HD 500 (Gen 9) graphics, which have been overhauled since the last version; Intel claims a 45% performance upgrade over the previous generation. The two video outputs come in the form of HDMI 1.4 and DisplayPort 1.2. The good news is it that even this aging DisplayPort 1.2 port can handle a single 4K stream at 60fps, though the HDMI 1.4 is limited to 4K at 24Hz. Unfortunately there’s no support for HEVC Main10 with this CPU, unlike Kaby Lake, which means it won’t be able to handle Netflix’s 4K streaming service, thanks to its stringent security. The other outputs on the rear of this tiny box (194mm long by 160mm wide by 43mm tall) consist of four USB 2.0 outputs, a PS/2 port for your keyboard, Gigabit Ethernet, and twin RS232 outputs (one of which also handles RS422 and RS485). On the front side are twin USB 3.0 Type A connections, perfect for hooking up your remote control dongle. Thanks to the chips extremely low power usage, it uses a fanless cooling system, so there’s absolutely no noise from the system when it’s in operation.  Like most Shuttle boxes, you’re going to need to add a few extras to get it off the ground. Firstly, there’s no memory, with twin DDR3L SO-DIMM slots ready to handle memory speeds of up to 1866MHz with a maximum capacity of 8GB. So that’s another $80 or so to the equation. There’s also no hard drive, and you’ve got two options for fulfilling this need. A standard SATA 6Gbps connection will handle a 2.5-inch drive, while there’s also an M.2 slot for speed demons. The good news is that utilising the M.2 port doesn’t require you to remove the integrated 802.11b/g/n card, which has its own dedicated port. An external power pack is included, but it’s tiny, so you won’t need to worry about hiding it. In fact, the entire box is small enough to fit onto the back of most TVs, provided they come with a compatible VESA mount. If there’s one issue with using this as a media player, it’s the Realtek ALC662 sound chipset. According to Shuttle, this is only capable of 2-channel high definition audio, but heading to the Realtek website reveals that it’s actually ready for 5.1 channels. Again, it seems somebody needs to update their website… With a total cost of ownership of about $400, this is a nice little jewel that we’ve uncovered. It’s totally silent, very small, and ready for 4K playback, making it an ideal media player to stream your 4K content over your home network.  Related Reviews Review: Next Thing Co CHIP computer Review: Lenovo Y710 Cube gaming PC Review: Acer Spin 7 convertible laptop Review: WD Blue SATA 1TB PC SSD breaks new ground Review: Hitman: The Complete First Season Source: Copyright © PC & Tech Authority. All rights reserved. See more about:  barebones  |  pc  |  review  |  shuttle dx30 barebones   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Review: Motorola Moto G4     How to: Buy a compact system camera     Using the Samsung Galaxy TabPro S as my only computer     Why Star Citizen is the space sim you'll still be playing in 5 years     Review: Samsung Galaxy TabPro S   NOTE: You must be a registered member of PC & Tech Authority to post a comment. Click here to login | Click here to register More in Misc PCs & Laptops (1 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Next Thing Co CHIP computer << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (2 of 10 articles) REVIEW One Minute Review: Belkin Thunderbolt 2 Express Dock HD << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (3 of 10 articles) NEWS Raspberry Pi could get Google AI in 2017 << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Asus reveals 4K-capable Raspberry Pi competitor << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (5 of 10 articles) FEATURE Investigator: Dealing with a dodgy computer << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (6 of 10 articles) NEWS Global PC shipments decline for fifth year running, says Gartner << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Corsair reveals new Bulldog 2.0, Scimitar Pro RGB mouse, and K95 RGB Platinum keyboard << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Raspberry Pi launches Pixel OS for PC and Mac << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Apple is not giving up on the desktop << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (10 of 10 articles) NEWS This Kickstarter fixes everything missing from the new Macbook Pro << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Misc PCs & Laptops News Raspberry Pi could get Google AI in 2017 Review Review: Shuttle DX30 Barebones mini-PC Feature Investigator: Dealing with a dodgy computer Gallery Project Alpha Omega From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero Mate 9 review: Huawei's long-lasting 5.9in flagship phone How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Tip: Your shop can use a smartphone instead of an EFTPOS terminal Cisco partners pay for massive product replacement Cisco Australia moves onto activity-based working in new offices CSC and HPE Enterprise Services unveil new company name: DXC Technology Here are the best tech companies to work for in Australia Telstra launches Gateway Frontier to get users back online during an outage Photos: How to get a subsea cable from Sydney to LA The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 Qantas CTO quits Australia finally has mandatory data breach notification Demand 'still not there' for 1Gbps: NBN Co Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines was enough to make your blood boil 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege Interview: Brian Fargo & Chris Keenan on Wasteland 3 18 pro tips from the Rainbow Six Siege world cup About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Help Make A Great 2017: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. Intel Goes Ahead & Drops i915 Driver From OpenGL 2.1 To 1.4 By Default Written by Michael Larabel in Intel on 15 February 2017 at 07:21 PM EST. 8 Comments Intel Linux developers have partially reverted Mesa work done years ago to drop the default OpenGL behavior with the older i915 driver from exposing OpenGL 2.0+ support to now only having OpenGL 1.4 out-of-the-box. See Older Intel Graphics To Drop From OpenGL 2.1 To 1.4 On Linux for more of the background to this story. This change just affects i915 to pre-i965 hardware by dropping OpenGL 2.0 by default due to Chrome and other applications making use of really slow code-paths when using the GL2 extensions on this old hardware that doesn't have adequate OpenGL 2 capabilities. So there's a better out-of-the-box experience by actually dropping the exposed OpenGL version back to v1.4. But the latest Mesa code will at least continue to expose OpenGL ES 2.0 and the OpenGL 2 support can be restored if setting the fragment_shader and stub_occlusion_query options. The change is present for Mesa 17.1. 8 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Intel News Intel's ANV Vulkan Driver Gets An Important Performance Fix For Broadwell Feral Adds New Capability To Intel's Vulkan Mesa Driver More Power Consumption / Perf-Per-Watt Figures For Intel Kabylake On Linux Intel's Linux Graphics Driver To Enable Atomic Support By Default Intel Prepares For Mainline GVT-g Graphics Virtualization Support Intel's Open-Source Driver Stack Now OpenGL 4.5 Certified, Complements Vulkan & GLES Popular News Ten Exciting Features Of The Linux 4.10 Kernel A GNOME Developer's Arguments On Vala Being A "Dead" Language Valve Has Another Linux Graphics Driver Developer Working On Open-Source AMD The Future Of Android-x86 Is In Question Mesa 17.0.0 Officially Released Mozilla Had A Crazy Week Landing Servo, WebRender & More Into Firefox Repo Latest Linux News GNOME Shell & Mutter Up To 3.24 Beta State QXL DRM Driver Picks Up Atomic Mode-Setting Support MPV 0.24 Media Player Adds Experimental Stream Recording, X11 Pseudo HiDPI Scaling Intel Goes Ahead & Drops i915 Driver From OpenGL 2.1 To 1.4 By Default GNOME Maps 3.24 To Support Transit Routing Unreal Engine 4.15 Released: Improved Vulkan Support Futhark: A Pure, Functional Language For GPU Computing FreeBSD 12 Looking At Dropping SVR4 Binary Compatibility Flatpak 0.8.3 Released, Can Now Work With NVIDIA's Linux Driver Wayland 1.13 RC1, Weston 2.0 RC1 Released Latest Featured Articles Radeon Windows 10 vs. Linux RadeonSI/RADV Gaming Performance Windows 10 vs. Ubuntu Linux Gaming Performance With NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060/1080 Intel Core i3 2100 Sandy Bridge vs. Core i3 7100 Kabylake Performance Mesa 17.0 Benchmarks With Intel: Noticeably Better Vulkan Performance Server/Workstation Tests: Antergos vs. Clear Linux vs. Fedora vs. Scientific Linux vs. Ubuntu vs. openSUSE Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Entertainment Behold, Frankenstein's Star Wars Ships DC's Newest Young Animal Series Is A Deep, Deep Jack Kirby Cut Breaking Down The Origins Of The Power Rangers Comic's Evil New Ranger The Sons Of Batman And Superman Make A Brilliant Team Esports League Of Legends Debuts OK-ish Practice Mode Here's A Dope Quad Kill From The Newly Competitive Counter-Strike Map Fire Emblem Heroes Has A Takumi Problem New Hearthstone Patch Nerfs Pirates And Shamans Xbox GTA Online Players Have A New Conspiracy Theory That NPCs Are Out To Kill Them Injustice 2 Doubles Up On Cats EB Games Is Selling An Xbox 360 With 2 Games For $99 Some Fans Already Want To Bang Mass Effect: Andromeda's New Alien  PlayStation Nioh: The Kotaku Review Final Fantasy 15's User Interface Is So Bad My Quest To Push Everyone Off A Ledge In For Honor Here's Why Resident Evil 7 Characters Have Such Great Teeth Nintendo Satoru Iwata Put Lots Of Thought Into The Nintendo Switch, Says Miyamoto Fire Emblem Heroes Glitch Gives Everyone Demon Voices Now Even Zelda: Breath Of The Wild Is Getting DLC And A Season Pass Remember How Bad The Wii U's Marketing Was? PC More Details About AMD's Ryzen CPU Are Starting To Come Out The Unloved Heroes Of Overwatch Valve Is Training AI To Detect Counter-Strike Cheaters Leaving Lyndow Is A Game About Saying Goodbye Mobile Pokemon GO Update Will Finally Add 80 New Monsters From Gold And Silver Later This Week First Big Fire Emblem Heroes Update Brings New Characters And Quests Here Is A Very Specific Video Game Thing That Sucks Japanese Robots Are The Best At Putting On iPhone Screen Protectors  In Real Life The Latest Marvel Legends Set Is A Guardians Of The Galaxy All-Star Team Pewdiepie's Shock Humour Is Par For The Course On YouTube Here's Kojima And Other Veteran Devs Talking About How They Make Games Diablo 3 Prepared Me For The Anxieties Of Planning My Wedding Retro ScribbleTaku Nearly $13,000 Worth Of SNES Games Goes Missing In The Mail 12 Different Ways You Can Make Your Own Retro Machine ScribbleTaku Toggle navigation Entertainment Esports Xbox PlayStation Nintendo PC Mobile In Real Life Retro Diablo 3 Prepared Me For The Anxieties Of Planning My Wedding The Unloved Heroes Of Overwatch Nearly $13,000 Worth Of SNES Games Goes Missing In The Mail Final Fantasy 15's User Interface Is So Bad More Details About AMD's Ryzen CPU Are Starting To Come Out Alex Walker Feb 16, 2017, 6:00pm ⋅ Filed to:  amd Australian Stories ryzen Share Image: AMD AMD's long-awaited challenger to the Intel hierarchy isn't far away. And while we don't have specifics on an Australian price or availability, we're starting to get an idea of what AMD's new CPU will look like. The details have since been taken down, but for a brief period Belgian electronics retailer Centralpoint had them online. A cache of the page is still available on Google, however. Digital Trends spotted the listing first, so kudos to them. And if you like their information in a slightly more readable form, here's the full details of what was posted: AMD Ryzen R7 1800X: 8 cores, 16 threads, 3.6GHz base speed, 4.0GHz boost speed, 16MB L3 Cache, 95W TDP R7 1800 Pro: 8 cores, 16 threads, 16MB L3 Cache, 95W TDP, rest unstated R7 1700X: 8 cores, 16 threads, 3.4 GHz base speed, 3.8 GHz boost speed, 16MB L3 Cache, 95W TDP R7 1700: 65W TDP, rest unstated R7 1700 Pro: 8 cores, 16 threads, 3.0GHz base speed, 3.7GHz boost speed, 16MB L3 Cache, 65W TDP The R7 1700 and the R7 1800 Pro presumably have the same base/boost speeds as the X-named variants, although for now we'll leave that one as unconfirmed. Digital Trends also got details on the four and six-core Ryzen R5 chips, as well as the entry level quad-core R3 CPUs. Some synthetic benchmarks featuring Ryzen have leaked online over the last couple of weeks, but the real interesting part will be when games start to get involved. Expect to see more of that pop up in the next week or so. Early March isn't far away now. Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now YouTube Cancels Pewdiepie's Show, Removes Him From Premium Advertising Patricia Hernandez 15 Feb 2017 4:00 AM A month after YouTube's biggest star uploaded a video containing the phrase "Death To All Jews", the service that once hosted that very content is distancing itself a bit from Felix Kjellberg. Now Even Zelda: Breath Of The Wild Is Getting DLC And A Season Pass Jason Schreier 15 Feb 2017 7:00 AM You know times are strange when even Zelda games are getting season passes, and here we are. Nintendo announced today that Breath of the Wild will get two pieces of downloadable content throughout 2017, and to buy them both, you'll need to get the Zelda expansion pass. Want Kotaku's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Become A Pro Data Analyser With This Programming Bundle Deals: Fine Tune Your IT Skills With This ITIL Training Bundle Bandai Namco's Humble Bundle Isn't Too Bad Deals: Learn To Make Games With This Comprehensive Unity 3D Training Course Trending Articles 1 YouTube Cancels Pewdiepie's Show, Removes Him From Premium Advertising 2 Now Even Zelda: Breath Of The Wild Is Getting DLC And A Season Pass 3 More Details About AMD's Ryzen CPU Are Starting To Come Out 4 Pewdiepie Isn't An Anti-Semite, He's Just a Tool 5 The Unloved Heroes Of Overwatch This New Wearable Version Of Simon Will Have You Swatting At Your Face When Will A Black Actor Get To Have Their Deadpool Moment?  Agents Of SHIELD Dives Into Total LMD Madness The Amount Of Oxygen In The Ocean Has Dropped Thanks To Humans Behold, Frankenstein's Star Wars Ships More Details About AMD's Ryzen CPU Are Starting To Come Out DC's Newest Young Animal Series Is A Deep, Deep Jack Kirby Cut Breaking Down The Origins Of The Power Rangers Comic's Evil New Ranger How To Buy, Prepare And Enjoy Raw Fish Be More Productive By Sitting Next To Someone Who Works Hard Briefly: Nioh Review, Solo Travel, Yoga Hacker Make It Easier To Medicate Your Dog With DIY Pill Pockets The number of EU workers in Britain is starting to fall The CEO of startup bank Starling says EU law is 'important and good' for UK fintech 10 things in tech you need to know today Britain wants a large chunk of the EU's €150 billion cash and property pile post-Brexit © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Kotaku International × Log in to Kotaku Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Kotaku User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Kotaku International Kotaku US Kotaku UK Close
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Internet Technology | Computer Software | Outsourcing Businesses Infosys Limited : Investor Conference BANGALORE, India, February 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- TO ALL STOCK EXCHANGES BSE LIMITED NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE EURONEXT LONDON EURONEXT PARIS February 16, 2017 Dear Sir/Madam, Sub: Investor Conference In continuation to our letters dated February 8, 2017 and February 13, 2017, please find enclosed the transcripts of the 'KIE's Chasing Growth Conference' held on February 13, 2017. The same will be made available on the Company's website at the following weblink https://www.infosys.com/investors/news-events/events/Documents/chasing-growth-conference-13feb2017.pdf This is for your information and records. Yours sincerely, For Infosys Limited A G S Manikantha Company Secretary Kotak Chasing Growth Conference February 13, 2017 CORPORATE PARTICIPANTs Vishal Sikka Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director Moderator: Our next speaker is Dr. Vishal Sikka. Dr. Vishal Sikka is the current CEO and Managing Director of Infosys, a globally recognized innovative and business leader in the IT Services Industry. Dr. Sikka was born and raised in India. He studied Computer Science at Syracuse University before receiving his Ph.D. in AI Stanford in 1996. After a very long successful stint at SAP in 2014, he joined Infosys as CEO to help drive a massive transformation not only at Infosys but also within the larger IT services industry. In the last two and half years since he took over, his vision and leadership has helped accelerate Infosys transformation resulting into growth of their global work force to almost 2 lakh people. There was a massive reduction in attrition, doubling of large deal total contract value, number of large clients and industry leading cash flows generation with revenues of $9.5 billion despite strong headwinds. Infosys new software and new services has seen tremendous growth as well. Client satisfaction levels are accordingly at the highest levels ever, particularly at the CXO segment which according to Infosys Annual Survey showed 22 points increase.  May I invite Dr. Vishal Sikka to talk about Infosys and the future of IT Services Dr. Vishal Sikka: Thank you so much. That was quite a handful introduction. Hi, Mr. Kotak. Good to see all of you. Uday has asked me to organize my talk in two sections. In the first part I want to talk about our performance and financial metrics that most of you care a lot about and then following I want to spend some time looking at the bigger picture. I hope to finish this speech itself in another 25 minutes and then leave around half an hour for your questions.     Two and half years ago, when I started, we laid out a relatively straight forward strategy. The idea was to launch a three-part strategy of renewing the core business entering into new businesses and the culture of the company. And the interesting part about this three-part strategy was also that it reflects the challenges of our clients the challenges of business that they have this dual priority of only one hand getting better at everything that they did and on the other hand doing new things that they never did before. In this, they have their own timeless culture and value system that they operate on. So, if we look over the last two and half years, the execution that we have followed on this path is starting to show signs of success. I will quickly walk you through some of these metrics. The relative revenue performance compared to the industry has distinctly improved. When I joined, our revenue was significantly below the industry. It has now got up towards the top of the industry, or certainly in line with the industry. Year-on-year if you compare the first three quarters of this financial year to the last one, you see the performance there and despite the challenging environment, we have managed to keep the operating margin steady. If you look at many of the operational parameters of our business the core business utilization for the last seven quarters has been above 80% which is for the first time in a very long time in our company. The employee cost as a percentage of revenue has come down. You can see the operating cash flow as percentage of net profit is getting close to 100%. The onsite we can still do better but the subcon costs are something that are continually improving. I know a lot of you have questions around the visa policies and things like this, we can talk about that in the Q&A but our endeavor has been to get closer to the 30% number. In terms of the core business, IT services continue to grow through a dedicated focus on renewing our existing services through a combination of automation and innovation as well as mixing our portfolio increasingly towards more high value, value add kind of services. One area of disappointment for us has been the consulting business. We continue to focus on this over the course this year. The negative performance of consulting in Q1 impacted us more than we expected. Products, platforms and other areas of the business also continue to grow and here is a different cut on that. If you look from the time when I started to last quarter, revenue per quarter has grown by more than $400 million per quarter.  While the margin is same from 25.1% to 25.1%, operating profits has gone up from $536 million to $640 million. Attrition has come down significantly from 23.4% at a group level in the quarter when I joined to now a little bit below 15%. There is a separate attrition metric that we have started to internally focus on over the last year which is high performer attrition and that number has come down significantly to single-digits. Revenue per FTE is one of the key metrics of our strategy. While it has decreased compared to when I started, it has in the last couple of quarters started to go back up and that is something we are very happy about. One key part of the strategy is the new software. When we talk about renew and new, there are new services in unprecedented new areas and there are also new software that we did not have before. Excluding Finacle, the software revenue in the quarter when I started was $35 million a quarter and that number has already gone up to $60 million now. The $100 million accounts went up from 12 to 18. $200 million accounts have doubled from 3 to 6 in that time. Organizationally Pravin and I have established a strong team around us. Jayesh is here, our Deputy CFO. Similarly, we have appointed Ravi as our Deputy COO. There are three Presidents responsible for our go to market. Below their level we have established 15 industry heads to create much more focused small encapsulated empowered business units, so that client focus and agility can be achieved and it is the best way for us to achieve scale. Similarly, we have been making a lot of progress and Pravin oversees this on simplifying our internal policies, systems and process so that we can become much more agile. So, when we look at this in the broader context of the strategy, beyond the numbers you can clearly see that on all the three dimensions of strategy things have been taking hold. One program that I am particularly proud of, I am approaching it since two years, next month it is going to be two years since we started it, is the Zero Distance. It has been deeply engrained into our company's culture. More than 95% of the projects of the company have Zero Distance plans. The idea of Zero Distance for those of you who do not know about it, is it inspires our project team to bring innovation in every single project no matter what. The number is actually 100% and the projects that do not have a Zero Distance plan are the ones that just started recently. So, if you look at the Zero Distance plans of project that started more than six weeks ago, it is 100%. Every project is basically covered by Zero Distance project and it has become a part of the culture. For the last nine months or so, we have been focusing on elevating the Zero Distance innovation idea where project teams think of bigger innovations. The CWRF is a tribute to Martin Luther King's quote that, "If you cannot fly we must run, if you cannot run we must walk, if you cannot walk we must crawl, but we have to always keep moving forward" and so we have this framework of most of the Zero Distance innovations, even though we are close to 100%, are quite incremental quite small and so our endeavor now is to elevate these towards more and more transformative innovation for our clients coming from the grass root.     Zero Bench, which was the other initiative that we launched in July of 2015 that also reached close to 100%. So basically, everyone on the bench has done a Zero Bench project. We have now more than 34,000 jobs on our internal market place. 470 jobs show up every week on this and it has touched basically everybody on the bench. As I mentioned earlier, one of the direct impacts of Zero Bench is giving the youngsters an opportunity to get some experience by working on a Zero Bench project. That experience then makes it easier for them to get into production. So, Zero Bench has had a direct impact on the utilization, especially on the fresher utilization. The utilization is above 80% consistently now, but in particular the fresher utilization and off-shore utilization has gone up directly as a result of Zero Bench. The renewal of our existing core business, in particular the maintenance and run parts of the business but also to some degree the build parts of the business is impacted by automation. I mentioned, in the earnings in January that more than 2,600 people over the course of Q3 were saved but 2,650 FTE worth of effort was eliminated with automation. Over the last 12 months that number has crossed 8,000. The Mana platform plays a very important role in helping us achieve that automation. All 8,500 is not due to Mana but Mana for IT has a huge impact on bringing automation led productivity improvements to our work. And within our core business, we have launched many new services like the Mainframe Modernization, the API Economy, BI Renewal, the work with Salesforce.com, ServiceNow, etc. Roughly 10 or so of these have launched in the last couple of years and they have all been showing growth that is faster than the growth in the company. As a result of all of this, the client satisfaction, a survey done since last 12 years, has demonstrated the highest ever score this time. In particular, as you said in the introduction, the CXO satisfaction has jumped up by 22 points.      So, I am quite proud of the work that our team has done in renewing our core business. When you look at new, getting into new dimensions of business is something that should come easily to us. When you create something new, you do that but culturally and organizationally new is much more difficult to pull off because it is not just enough to create a separate appendage that is sitting somewhere else and doing something totally independent. You have to find a way to make these harmonious. The idea of 'Renew and New' comes from Arthur Koestler's word on creation, this idea of two habitually distinct but self-consistent frames of preference where you are doing something unprecedented in the new dimension, whereas you are continuously improving in the existing dimension. We have seen continued strong momentum in the three acquisitions that we have made Skava, Panaya and Noah, as well as the new services that we have launched organically. One of the things that we are very proud of Skava, is that beyond retail Skava has now entered into other industries in particular financial services, telecommunication, and utility. We have opened new frontiers with Skava and our home-grown Mana platform. Mana helps us renew our services in particular in maintenance and run areas. The same Mana platform also has huge applications in helping our clients build breakthrough business application of artificial intelligence. I think, having a common platform that does both is extremely important to our strategy. A lot of people in the industry build captive automation capabilities in service of their own business. When we do that, the platform would not be competitive. You have to ensure that the platform that is powering the productivity improvement of the existing business is a world class platform. Therefore, it is important to have this platform subjected to the outside world, to the light of the outside. Building breakthrough business applications on Mana is a very-very critical part of the strategy. I am really excited by what our teams are doing, what our clients are doing, all the way from CPG companies using it for revenue reconciliation and financial consolidation much faster to companies in the pharmaceutical industry, working on much better forecasting, using Mana for contract management and compliance to contracts to dynamic fraud analysis for banks and applications like that.  From new services dimension, our digital services as well as the strategic design consulting services are things that have been going forward quite well. One key part of our strategy is the cultural dimension and there are two main parts to that. One is the agility of the company as a whole and the other one is education. Infosys always had a very strong emphasis on education. Mr. Murthy always talked about this. The idea of learnability, the ability to learn. Especially in the times ahead, learnability is going to be a very critical thing for our future. So, when you look at all the work that we do in culture dimension, it is dominated by this. ILP, the Infosys Learning Platform that is our own platform to very immersively teach our fresher as well as our regular employees what is going on in the world around in a very immersive way. We drop them into boot camps, into projects and into sub-sets of the projects, so they are learning in a much more accelerated way. We have done a lot of innovation in learning itself and how people learn and so forth and brought that into ILP. One of the most interesting program that we have done is for our top 200 executives. We have done a global leadership program together with Stanford and we have now done three cohorts of this. Some of the Infoscions and the senior executive who go through this, have said that this is the best thing they have done in their entire Infosys career. This is a two-and-a-half-week program or distributed over a year which is done together with the Stanford Business School, and the Stanford School of Engineering and Design School. It has a huge impact on changing the perspective of our management team.  As well as we have been investing in on-site learning and I think more and more as we focus on-site creating on-site environment for learning is going to be critical. Design thinking training has become an integral part of being at Infosys. We have now more than 130,000 Infoscion who have been trained on design thinking. By the end of this year I expect that we will be able to train everyone in the company on design thinking and similarly training in artificial intelligence, agile methodologies, and in all manner of new technologies is something that we continue to invest in. In a nutshell, two and half years going from $8.2 billion in revenue or so to now we just crossed $10 billion on a LTM basis, continued protection of margins and continued to ensure that we have strong margins. That is the philosophy of consistent profitable growth. Improvement in revenue per employee despite the pressure, the commoditization, improvement in the attrition and the sense of inspiration among the employees is growing into completely new dimensions. We are now achieving new scale in the new dimensions and highest client satisfaction ever. That is basically in a nutshell from a performance point of view where we are. As I look at the journey ahead, as happy as I am looking backwards to the last two and half years, the journey ahead is even more challenging and even more interesting one. Here is a quote from my friend Bill Ruh of GE. He will be here day after tomorrow talking at the NASSCOM Event. We have been doing some amazing work together on bringing design thinking and new kinds of solutions, co-innovation, to their platform. Here is a quote from the Head of HR and the Head of Technology for Visa on how we have helped establish a dramatic new culture as well as doing our traditional services. Visa has been one of our fastest growing accounts over the last two years and it is something that we are particularly proud of.     So as I said, as good as it is to look backwards and feel good about this dimensions of improvement that we have managed to achieve, the world around us is growing through a very rapid transformation. I want to switch gears a little bit and share with you some thoughts on what I see happening in the world around us. It is difficult to capture what is going on in a nutshell, but it basically has three dimensions. A very deep rooted sense of end user centricity. When you look at retail or banking or insurance or communications and telco and so forth. In any industry there is a very deep rooted sense in which things are becoming more connected. A continuous connection to the end user and serving end user needs has never been more important. These experiences are now increasingly becoming digital but they are also being powered by AI technology.  Underneath this enablement of the new experience is the intelligent infrastructure. It is governed by this exponential laws. I am calling it Moore's Laws, I know it is Moore's Law but I am calling it Moore's Laws because there are many of the similar laws not only in the performance improvement or cost performance improvement of processors but in many other dimensions of technology. We see these exponential price performance improvement. As a result of that, computing is becoming far more pervasive and that is all enabling and extreme efficiency of disinter-mediating existing industry.    If we look into this in a little bit more detail, here are three projects done by our strategic design consulting team. I mentioned, in the new dimension of our strategy, this one service that we offer where we co-innovate with our clients on things that are the most important to their future. On the right-hand side is a 3D printed fully functioning replica of a low fidelity model of a GE engine that is an aircraft engine. The entire engine is 3D printed and with a Microsoft HoloLens, you can deeply examine the operational behavior of this engine. You can go back and change its design parameters, tune its design parameters and you can do predictive maintenance on it. All of that in real time. It actually has the potential to dramatically accelerate the lifecycle of these engines to dramatically redesign the nature of maintenance and repair on these engines. And also make the entire machine far more connected and far more intelligent, as it goes through its lifecycle. In the middle, you see a project that we have done with a very large agriculture company. This is a digital farm that we have built. Our team actually builds the farm. It is not only a digital farm, but it is a highly affordable digital farm that can be put together with extremely cheap components and it makes the plant itself connected. Supply of nutrient, supply of water, supply of light to the plants can be controlled thousands of times more effectively than in traditional agriculture. Instead of supplying water once a day or twice a day you can supply it two thousand times in a day by milliliters individually to the plant. The CEO of this company have told me that Vishal if you are able to do this, if you are able to connect into the plant itself, we will be able to improve agricultural yield by 30%. What we found in our experience was that some of the plants actually grow 10x faster than in the normal conditions, not only 30%. The entire Green Revolution that happened in our lifetimes, in my lifetime here in India, was at 22% improvement in agricultural yield. So, you can imagine what kind of a revolution this can create. On the left hand side is actually a store that we have built for one of our luxury retail client and this is an entire store that looks like a store from 1850's but it is completely digital. Every aspect of the store, every part of this is digital. It is like a complete room, it is a large computer that is programmable, those mirrors and the coat hangers, and the closets, and everything that you see is all completely digital. The mirror turns on when you put on a coat. It knows what coat it is. You can see yourself in different circumstances and things of this nature. So, all industries are going through this deep transformation because of a very deep rooted understanding of users enabled by a pervasive connectivity and pervasive computing. This is powered by Moore's Laws rapid advance. Moore's Law this year is going to be 52 years old,   two years older than me. It is one of the extraordinary feats of human engineering achievement. Many people say that Moore's Laws is reaching its end. It is true that traditional Moore's Laws is reaching its end. On the upper right, you see a 7 nanometer wafer that DFMC has started to produce on a non-production scale yet. In early 2018, they will go production on 7 nanometers. When I spent summer at Intel working in the Intel AI Lab in 1990, I remember the micron process was going live, that was 1,000 nanometers. When I was building HANA at SAP we were at 22 nanometers process of Intel. Now it is down to 7 nanometers. This is an extraordinary thing. Of course, the reason people say that Moore's Laws is going to end is that 7 nanometers is getting already pretty close to physical scale. There are two silicon atoms in 1 nanometer, so at 7 nanometers you are basically at the width of 14 or so silicon atoms. So, there is not much more that you can get out of this. Probably by 2022, 2023 we will have 4 nanometers, 5 nanometer process but that is as far as it will grow. But then other things are happening. On the left-hand side in the middle you see the neuromorphic board that has already been made by Jenn Hasler at Georgia Tech. These neuromorphic boards are ways of bypassing the traditional CMOS manufacturing process and going into new kinds of chip design. So therefore, some other new way continuing Moore's Laws is going to continue post 2024.   On the bottom middle you see the Nvidia AI Box that has 170 teraflops box of computing in it, two Intel processors of 20 cores and 12 or so of these Tesla GPU chips inside it. This is already shipping, a lot of the deep learning algorithms run on this kind of path. And then of course on the bottom right you see this incredible growth that our partner AWS have had. That is a data center picture of a part of the datacenter of Amazon. They have dozens of datacenter, each one between 50,000 servers and 80,000 servers and collectively somewhere between 3 million servers to 5 million servers in AWS. This is an astonishingly large amount of computing capacity and AWS has seen 40%-45% growth in the last 12 months. So, what we see is that this entire digitization and AI revolution is being powered by computing that is simply exploding. Even though the traditional Moore's Laws is nearing a trend in the next seven-eight years, the new kind of architectures and new kinds of technologies is going to ensure that we are going to grow significantly further beyond that. As a result, new AI technologies are becoming possible. We all heard about this AlphaGo from Google last year that beat the world champion Go player. Recently the news came out that some students from CMU have put together a Poker playing robot. Now, why was Go significant last year, because Deep Blue beat Garry Kasparov in the middle of 90's. That was more or less a Brute Search computational capability exercise because the computer can look ahead in the Chess moves much more than the human brain can. Go is a different kind of a game. The computational complexity of Go is much worse then of Chess. With AlphaGo they were able to overcome that by bringing learning into that. A new frontier has been broken. Poker is based on human intuition, on deception, on bluffing and things like this. It actually has beaten four of the top Poker players continuously and has earned something like $1.7 million as a Poker player online. So, this is quite an interesting development. On the left-hand side, you see the autonomous car from Toyota which actually learns the driver's behavior as you drive the car and adjust itself to that. So, this is a great advancement that has happened in autonomous driving. Udacity has a car that is fully programmable by the students of Udacity who take the autonomous driving car class on Udacity. On the right-hand side is open AI which is a consortium of research in artificial intelligence in the public good. I am very proud that we, at Infosys are one of the sponsors of open AI. Universe is a package that the open AI team has released recently. It has now 45 world class researchers and they are really doing some amazing work in artificial intelligence. As a result of all of this, basically what we see, that it becomes much easier for a new comer to come in and disrupt in industry. Big parts of the supply chain and of the value chain can be disrupted and can be digitized. The world of atoms where we have been coming from, has huge numbers of intermediary. As digitization and computing replaces these atoms with bits, you can see that the value chain can be much more connected and can be much more zero distance. It can be much more efficient as a result of that, both in terms of pricing and in terms of production. So, this is what is going on. As a result of that, when we look at the journey ahead for us, a lot more needs to be done. I studied artificial intelligence as a graduate student. There are two pieces of research that our team picked out. One is from McKenzie that was done a few months ago, going through various kinds of jobs and the potential of automation in those jobs. The other is the impact of automation in the IT BPO industry, in our industry, that was done by HFS Research recently. And you can see that India, according to this study has the biggest impact of jobs among all of these countries. There are dozens of studies like this. If you research you can find out that recently, couple of weeks ago McKenzie Global published another one and Eric Reynoldson and Andy have done something. There are dozens and dozens of reports on automation. But really all you have to do is walk into any one of our floors at any company in the IT BPO industry and it becomes starkly clear as you walk around the floor that a huge number of these jobs are going to go away. It may not be two years it might be four years, five years, seven years, ten years, but there is no doubt that these jobs are going to be replaced with automation. So, what do we do? What is the nature of the journey that we are on? My sense is that there is only one way forward. Professor Mashelkar use to have this beautiful line "doing more with less for more" that is basically the nature of the endeavor. If you look at the complexity of human activity and plot that against time, the natural course of event is that we have to constantly be moving upward.  That journey upwards is not only a journey upwards, it is actually accelerating.     There is a very straight forward duality that we have to follow. On one hand, we have to eliminate our work through automation and improve our productivity while on the other hand we have to deploy that improved productivity towards innovation. This is basically the formula. The reason for automation is so that we can continue to do the work that has already been commoditized more efficiently and more productively and used that improvement in productivity, become more innovative to do the new kinds of things for which there is still tremendous opportunity and tremendous value. Self-driving car engineered today is worth millions of dollars. What if we were able to produce a hundred thousand self-driving autonomous driving engineers? This continues productivity improvement but actually shifting continuously from things that are commoditizing towards things that are innovative is the basic point that has to be fueled by education. This idea that we study for the first 21 years of our life and then we do not study any more, we have to abandon this idea because technology will continually change. So we have to continuously re-skill ourselves. Thankfully we at Infosys have a tremendous advantage on this because we have always had a culture of learnability like I said. So, the fueling of this automation and innovation journey on the basis of education is the key. The other basis is software. It is the intellectual property. If all we did was moving upwards on the basis of education, which alone will also become commoditized over time. Therefore, we have to take advantage of this improving productivity using software, using our software, software that is monetized. Instead of 10 people doing something if you now get that same thing done with three people, if you do not have your own software to do the work of the remaining seven then you are losing value and somebody else who made that software is capturing that value. Therefore, that software has to be monetizable. But for that software to be monetizable, it is software that has to be world class. It is software that has to withstand the test of outside world. It cannot just be a captive thing that you do only for yourself. So, having software together with education powering this transformation is something that is critical for our future. This is why the same Mana platform applies to the renewal of our services and for the breakthrough new business solution. This is the reason why education for our traditional services as well as in the breakthrough new areas is something that is critical. So this in essence is the nature of our journey in the future. John McCarthy the father of artificial intelligence once said, in a lecture that "articulating a problem is half the solution". That lecture changed the course of my life. Within our lifetimes, we are going to see AI Technology and get to the point where a well-articulated problem, a well-specified problem will be solved automatically. The human frontier at that point is going to be problem finding, creativity, the ability to look at a situation and see what is not there, to see what is missing, see what can be innovated, that is our future. One way or the other it is going to happen. When I look at 3.7 million people in our industry the only future I see is a future that is fueled by automation and getting ahead of this curve of automation. I see the future where the automation enables us to be more innovative to exercise our creativity, to exercise our ability and to find problems, not only solve them. If we do that we will be okay, if we do not we will get disrupted. This is the journey that I see in front of us. So, I do not know how long I went on, Uday. We laid out a clear strategy. We have seen signs of early success but the world is going through a very rapid change driven by AI and Technology. Much more is still to be done to lead in the next generation of IT and with focused execution we will do it. Thank you. Moderator:                Thank you, Mr. Sikka. Okay, we have the first question already. Participant:                Very nice presentation. My first question is that, how much of the value in this transformation will be captured by the software versus the services company? I understand that Infosys is trying to adopt software plus services model but when you look at the overall value chain it is the software company that are gaining bigger and bigger share of the overall value in this transformation. Dr. Vishal Sikka:       Our core business is services. We are a services company. But it is the software just like there is software-defined networking and software-defined datacenter and software-defined in retail and similarly there is software-defined services. So, we are talking about amplifying our services ability through the use of software, through the use of automation and by moving up in the value chain. So it is both, the value of the software itself will be there but it is more in services, where the real power will come from. And you see that in the numbers already. The productivity improvement in the first nine months of this financial year, compared to the first nine months of the last financial year. Last financial year in the first nine months we hired 17,500 people, this financial year's first nine months we hired something like 5,500 people, and yet we improved utilization, we improved revenue and RPE and so on and so forth. So, more with less for more, powered by software and education. Participant:                The second question that I have is something which is on top of everyone's mind, that how is your relationship with the founders and what does it mean for Infosys? Vishal Sikka:             My relationship with the founders, it is wonderful. I meet Mr. Murthy quite frequently. I do not meet the other founders quite as frequently. I ran into Kris the other day in a Lufthansa flight and I have not seen Nandan for more than a year. But it is an amazing relationship. I have a heartfelt warm relationship with Mr. Murthy. I probably meet him four, five, six times a year, something like this. He is an incredible man, we usually talk about quantum physics and things like this and technology. He was telling me the other day about the Paris metro and how he worked on the Paris metro in the 1970s before he started Infosys. It had this whole idea of automation of autonomous driving and things like this. So, all this drama that has been doing on in the media, it is very distracting. It takes our attention, but underneath that there is a very strong fabric that this company is based on and it is a real privilege for me to be its leader. Participant:                Hi Vishal, great presentation. I was curious if you could talk about, from your personal experiences over the last two and a half years, you have been turning around a really large ship. What have been your deepest personal experiences, what have been most difficult to accomplish, what have been easy to accomplish? And in light of that, if you think I were to ask the same question from the leaders of the smaller mid-tier IT services companies, what do you think they would likely say? Vishal Sikka:             The second question I cannot answer. Compared to two and a half years ago, to me, it is disappointing to see the rate of growth and embrace of automation in the industry. I think more should have been done by now, but that is my opinion. When it comes to Infosys, it has actually been quite counter intuitive. I would not have imagined that zero distance would get picked up the way it did. One month after I started, I think September or October of 2014, this customer satisfaction survey came out, and it was incredibly depressing. I actually got the details of customers, the client's feedback, it was a pile of paper that thick, and I read it over a period of one month. I read every single one of them. Consistently it was the same story that we used to get high marks on quality, on delivery excellence, on being responsive, being professional. And we would get the lowest scores on strategic relevance, on innovation, on being proactive, and it was a shock to me that that was the case. So, a lot of the ideas for Zero Distance formed in those four, five months, and by March of 2015 I launched it. Within nine months we had managed to create a very grass roots oriented culture around that. Recently, Ravi, our Head of Delivery, was talking to some youngsters and they told him that it is not a new thing for us anymore, we just assume that it is a part of our job to come up with something innovative in whatever project that we are doing. That to me has been the biggest positive. The bringing of design thinking at a very massive scale has been surprisingly easy because of the scale. This comes from Mr. Murthy, the scale that was setup for education employees. The new, it is always difficult to embrace the new. So, I think bringing new in, in particular, letting go of your existing way of doing things and embracing. If a piece of software automates the work that you do, then embracing that piece of software and letting go of some of the manual work. It is something that is visible to you, that is something that is very difficult for people to do, and so that has been a hard thing. Some things that I thought were going to be much easier have turned out to be not so easy, some that I thought would be difficult have turned out to be much easier than I thought. Participant:                In your Vision 2020, where we are in that journey? Would inorganic be a big component of it, how products will contribute? And given the recent noise in media, how confident you are seeing through that journey? Vishal Sikka: How confident am I of what? Participant:                Of achieving that vision? Vishal Sikka: See, that $20 billion, 30%, $80,000 revenue per employee, has always been an aspiration for us. What good is an aspiration if it is not aspirational? So, we are marching down that path. When you launch something like training people on design thinking, you cannot say that we will get 100,000 people trained in the next one year or two years, you have to setup a grassroots movement and then let it go and see what happens. When you do it like that, usually it surprises you. These numbers are a consequence of the work that we do, they are not that you figure out some way to get to that number. You do the right thing and then if you do the right thing, these numbers are the footprint that we leave behind. They are the consequences of the work that we do. So, this is how we look at it. Where are we on this journey? We are still early in this journey, we still have a lot of things to deal with, we have to get the consulting endeavor right, and we have to get BPO transformed. If we talk about the Infosys transformation as a whole, BPO transformation is even more difficult because it is even lower in the ranks and the skill levels and things like this. Many of the software assets have to still be transformed, like Finacle and so forth. We are still in the early stages of that. But generally, in the renewal of the code services and the adoption of the new services, I feel very good about where we are. So now as we look ahead to the future, a new financial year is starting and so forth. We are going through this exercise of trying to think about what does the journey ahead looks like. Taking stock of the last two and a half years and figuring out what the path ahead is going to look like in terms of both the software as well as the services, and the services amplified by software and so on. Participant:                How big would be the inorganic component? Moderator:                I have to stop you, one question. Because we are running out of time. I am going to come to this side of the hall and then back to you sir. Participant:                Vishal, I understand that you are going through two huge transitions or transformations we are going to call it. One on the technology side where you articulated your walk through on floor, half the jobs would not be there in five years. On the other side, you are going through a cultural transition or transformation, a founder run company that moved in to your hands and the obvious changes that play out. I am sure this is creating a bunch of insecurity at the organization level through the different ranks. So two questions here, how do you communicate, what do you communicate through the ranks to ensure that people are calm and focused on the job. And the second is, what are the two or three key pieces of your strategy? As you are saying, two of our key foundation stones are moving around and we are probably shaking a bit. How do you make sure you anchor the ship better and navigate through this? Vishal Sikka:             I think continuous and intense communication is very important across different parts of the organization and so on. That is something that cannot be overstated. You need to just communicate, communicate and communicate. And in our case it is not easy because the onsite employees are difficult to communicate to. They are inside their client context and so forth. So it is not so straightforward. The other part of it is that you have to demonstrate by example, talk is cheap but you have to really demonstrate in work that you are focused, that you are ignoring the noise and the distractions and so forth, and continuing to stay engaged. That is something, there are natural latencies that our brains have and there is not much you can do about that. I think that organizational change, organizational transformation is important. A lot of people would say that why go through this exercise of taking the leadership team through two years of a Stanford program and things like that, instead of just changing the leadership team. But if you change the leadership team then what happens to the layers below. You create a complete disruption, and not to mention you missed the point of transformation that is supposed to happen. So, I think that creating a context, creating an atmosphere which elevates everybody is something that is exceedingly important. Elan Kay says that context is worth 80 IQ points. So, if we build a real context around us that elevates everybody and can have the biggest transformative effect that takes time. The benefit of that approach is that it is very sustainable, long-term, lasting approach. The drawback is that it takes time. It is easy to plant a company here or there, buy some companies, put them inside and hire some leaders and put them inside, but that is like appendages growing out of control out of you. That is not sustained, organic transformation in the true sense. Moderator:                We have time exactly for one more brief question and one more brief answer. So try and keep your question as brief as you can. Participants:              My question is on buyback. Some of the founders have said that they have written letters to the Board on this issue and they have not heard anything. Just your views on how you plan to utilize the cash? Vishal Sikka:             The official answer is the Board from time to time will consider capital allocation policies. In the last four years we have reviewed twice, we have improved dividend payout, once from 30% to 40% and then again from 40% to 50%. When we have something to report, we will report it. Jayesh, did I miss something? Did I do a good job? Jayesh Sanghrajka:  Yes. Vishal Sikka:             But that was an official answer. The unofficial answer is that you look at the business circumstances over the next four, five years and then you look at what you need the capital for. Then based on that you decide. We will do that as necessary. In our case, it is basically three things, there are strategic growth initiatives, and there is a capital for buildings and infrastructure and so forth to house the employees. Then there is the investments, the acquisitions. I am not interested in buying yesterday's technology to make something or the other look good. We are interested in tomorrow's technology. And tomorrow's technology is usually expensive if it is really good. So, you have to be very, very selective in that. Based on how that mix changes over the next five years and based on that you take a decision on how to utilize the cash. We have done this with 50% so far and as we go through this exercise we will take a look at it. Nobody asked about visas or Donald Trump etc Moderator:                Would you like to Suo Moto answer the question about Visas and Donald Trump? Vishal Sikka:             No, there is nothing that has happened so far. Moderator:                Okay. I am afraid that concludes our session. Thank you, Dr. Sikka. Thank you for being a very responsive audience. This is a disclosure announcement from PR Newswire. SOURCE Infosys Limited More by this Source Infosys Limited: Investor Call 13 Feb, 2017, 15:09 GMT Infosys Limited : Investor Conference 13 Feb, 2017, 06:16 GMT Infosys Limited : Press Conference 12 Feb, 2017, 16:39 GMT View all news by Infosys Limited Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Internet Technology News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip   President Donald Trump makes his way to board Air Force One before departing from Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland, bound for Palm Beach, Florida on February 3, 2017. (Photo credit: MANDEL NGAN/AFP/Getty Images)    Report: Intel Community Is Withholding Information From Trump Rachel Stoltzfoos Reporter 9:47 PM 02/15/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5485309 The intelligence community is withholding sensitive information from President Trump over concerns he cannot be trusted with the information, The Wall Street Journal reports. Current and former officials told TheWSJ they are concerned about Trump’s ties with Russia and the level of support he publicly expressed for Vladimir Putin during the presidential campaign, and said the intelligence community is worried some of the information they give Trump could be leaked or compromised. The decision to withhold certain information suggests a deep level of mistrust within the agencies toward Trump, and the leak underscores the developing narrative of a major rift between Trump and the intelligence community. Trump has at times praised and bashed the intelligence community in recent months. He blamed them Wednesday for leaking the news about Michael Flynn that led to his resignation. (RELATED: How The Nation’s Spooks Played The Game ‘Kill Mike Flynn’) Officials told TheWSJ the withheld information was not crucial information about national security threats, and was in some cases regarding the sources and methods of the information. Agencies have withheld similar information from past presidents, the story notes, but not because they deemed those presidents untrustworthy. The White House told TheWSJ they have seen nothing leading them to believe the report is an “accurate account of what is actually happening.” John Schindler reported the intelligence community was withholding information from Trump in the Observer Sunday, writing extensively about what he called “the spy revolt” against the president. “None of this has happened in Washington before,” he wrote, referring to the cloud of uncertainty regarding Trump’s relationship to Russia. “A White House with unsettling links to Moscow wasn’t something anybody in the Pentagon or the Intelligence Community even considered a possibility until a few months ago. Until Team Trump clarifies its strange relationship with the Kremlin, and starts working on its professional honesty, the IC will approach the administration with caution and concern.” Follow Rachel on Twitter Send tips to rachel@dailycallernewsfoundation.org. Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 $1 TRILLION WEALTH MANAGER: Invest in America now Tom Naratil, UBS Feb. 12, 2017, 8:41 AM 15,473 facebook linkedin twitter email print U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during a meeting with Chief Executive Officer of Intel Brian Krzanich in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, U.S., February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts Before taking office last month, President Trump said that his administration will follow the rule of “buy American and hire American.” To make success more likely, we must add “invest American.” While anticipated reforms to spur growth can be complex and take time, today we have an immediate opportunity to grow the economy, driven by rising optimism and a willingness among investors and small businesses to put their cash to work. Let’s build on those sentiments and provide reasons to invest in America through incentives, by removing structural impediments, and by focusing on areas that have both the most need and the most interest from investors. In the United States, UBS manages more than $1 trillion of our clients' assets. We speak to investors daily and frequently gauge their feelings about the U.S. economy and prospects for growth. According to our most recent Investor Watch survey of high net worth and ultra-high net worth individuals*, their optimism about the U.S. economy has increased dramatically since the presidential election. A majority of these investors are actively looking for opportunities in the market, with 42% looking to add to their equity portfolios. Meanwhile, our survey of business owners revealed that they are twice as likely to increase investment and hiring in their businesses than to scale back. When you consider these sentiments, along with widely held expectations globally for continued U.S. economic outperformance, the signs of demand for growth are encouraging. Tom Naratil, President Wealth Management Americas and President Americas, UBS REUTERS/Christian Hartmann Let’s be clear that both investors and business owners we spoke with still have a number of concerns. Individual investors continue to express apprehension over the political environment in Washington. Small business owners are chiefly worried about employee healthcare costs, taxes, and regulations. Yet despite those issues, and after an extended period of uncertainty, both groups overwhelmingly indicate that they are ready to get off the sidelines and begin making the kind of decisions that will positively impact the economy. Business and political leaders should be doing everything we can to listen and respond. The challenge, in this polarized political climate, is deciding how to make the most of this momentum. Today, there is a great deal of effort and political capital being spent on pushing more complex policy changes that will take time, such as overhauling the politically-sensitive Affordable Care Act or wholesale tax code reform. Instead, why not pursue "quick wins” on issues where there is more likely to be common ground across the political spectrum? Doing so will make a strong case for investing in the U.S. economy right now, while also building the institutional, bipartisan muscle memory that is necessary to address the long pole items like improving ACA. Investors and business owners suggest two specific areas where policymakers can break the persistent legislative gridlock and make meaningful progress. Residents inspect a washed-out section of collapsed road after Hurricane Matthew hit the state, in Fayetteville, North Carolina. Reuters/Jonathan Drake The first is the continued enthusiasm for infrastructure investment. The American Society of Civil Engineers sees a $1.4 trillion funding gap by 2025 to improve key infrastructure, with mass transit facing the largest shortfall. Encouragingly, there is bipartisan consensus that infrastructure investment—particularly when leveraging private capital—is one of the single best ways to put people to work and to grow the economy. The federal government has a powerful opportunity to shape incremental tax policy that creates incentives for investors to take on more risk from these projects, encouraging private capital to amplify the effect of its own spending. The second area is scientific and medical research. Despite the skyrocketing cost of healthcare, the U.S. share of global medical research funding has declined by nearly 25% since 2004, according to the American Medical Association. Investors see this as an opportunity with economic upside and clear societal benefits through research that unlocks new cures and treatments for diseases and chronic ailments. Here again, tax policy can help drive investment in early-stage commercial research projects that would help satisfy investor appetites while addressing a vital need. These are just two areas where investors tell us that they see opportunity, and which also provide a boost to the economy and more broadly felt benefits. In the coming months, we will surely see a number of bruising legislative battles waged. But if lawmakers can prioritize policies that can be passed in short order, the wider economy will feel the effects much sooner and with the potential for greater long-term growth. Investors are eager to deploy their capital, and the federal government should recognize its role in making that possible. America will be stronger as a result. Tom Naratil is President Wealth Management Americas and President Americas, UBS. UBS Wealth Management Americas had $1.1 trillion in client assets at the end of the fourth quarter.  *  Survey conducted December 20 - 27, 2016, among 2,025 high net worth investors and an oversample of 282 business owners who have at least one employee besides themselves. SEE ALSO: IMF head: Trump is good for US economy for now, but trouble looms NOW WATCH: NASA just released over 100 images of Pluto — and the footage is breathtaking Loading video... More: Donald Trump Politics Finance UBS facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru $1 TRILLION WEALTH MANAGER: Invest in America now $1 TRILLION WEALTH MANAGER: Invest in America now Before taking office last month, President... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: ePlay Digital Inc. February 16, 2017 03:15 ET PokerStaples Twitch Channel Now Available on PokerVision Network Jaime Staples and PokerVision launch live Twitch stream on PokerVision CALGARY, AB--(Marketwired - February 16, 2017) - PokerVision Network (PVN), a wholly owned subsidiary of ePlay Digital Inc. (CSE: EPY) announces today that PokerStaples, hosted by professional poker player, Jaime Staples has launched on PokerVision Network. Jaime is professional poker player who specializes in live streaming of online low-high stakes multi-table poker tournaments on Twitch.tv. With over 73,000 followers on Twitch, Jaime was one of the most followed poker streamers in 2016. He also became a member of PokerStars Team Online Pro in April 2015. "PokerStaples is now available on PokerVision digital network," commented PVN Director of Poker Programming Adam Schwartz. "Tune in as we have a lot of special programming from the PokerStaples channel." "I'm thrilled to launch on PokerVision," says Staples. "Their multi-platform ePlay network and approach to TV is expanding audiences to all ages on all platforms." To tune into PokerStaples on PokerVision: www.pokervisionmedia.com About PokerVision Media PokerVision Media Inc (PVN), a subdivision of ePlay Digital (EPY.CN), is a Calgary, Alberta based multi-platform media and entertainment company that is redefining the future of sports consumption by bridging poker, gaming, eSports and sports content with unparalleled consumer interactivity. The company is launching with master control, broadcast studios and production facilities in Calgary and Toronto, with plans to open additional facilities across the country with the goal of creating and sourcing the best-possible content that entertains audiences as much as it engages them. About ePlay Digital ePlay Digital Inc. develops and operates broadcast and live video technologies that enable TV networks to evolve and meet the demands of today's highly-engaged audiences. ePlay bridges the gap between traditional TV and dynamic, next generation digital broadcasts that deliver interactive content, live streaming, augmented reality, fantasy sports, and social media across multiple devices. ePlay is operated by a team of sports, gaming and eSports authorities as well as broadcast and digital technology industry experts, software engineers and athletes who have brought the ePlay platform to market and successfully partnered with companies including Time Warner Cable, ESPN,, Sony Pictures, AXS TV, Intel, AXN, Fiat, and others. Further Information Further details are available under the Company's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com, and the Company's profile on the CSE's website at www.thecse.com Canadian Securities Exchange (CSE): Symbol EPY Deutsche Boerse Xetra -- Frankfurt Stock Exchange: Symbol 2NY2; WKN: A2AN4D; ISIN CA26885W1041 Cautionary and Forward-Looking Statements This news release contains forward‐looking statements and forward‐looking information within the meaning of applicable securities laws. These statements relate to future events or future performance. All statements other than statements of historical fact may be forward‐looking statements or information. More particularly and without limitation, this news release contains forward‐looking statements and information relating to third party research and analysis, and the Company's corporate strategy. Although management of the Company believes that the expectations and assumptions on which such forward looking statements and information are based are reasonable, undue reliance should not be placed on the forward‐looking statements and information since no assurance can be given that they will prove to be correct, and management can neither agree or disagree on specific conclusions contained in the research report. Forward-looking statements and information are provided for the purpose of providing information about the current expectations and plans of management of the Company relating to the future. Readers are cautioned that reliance on such statements and information may not be appropriate for other purposes, such as making investment decisions. Since forward‐looking statements and information address future events and conditions, by their very nature they involve inherent risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those currently anticipated due to a number of factors and risks. These include, but are not limited to, the Company's ability to identify and complete suitable acquisitions to further the Company's growth as well as risks associated with the Company's ability to commercialize the digital sports sectors in general such as operational risks in development, research and regulatory delays or changes in plans with respect to research projects or capital expenditures; the uncertainty of the market; the uncertainty of estimates and projections relating to costs and expenses; marketing and commercialization; loss of markets; competition; incorrect assessment of the value of any technologies acquired and failure to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions; ability to access sufficient capital from internal and external sources; failure to obtain required regulatory and other approvals and changes in legislation, including but not limited to tax laws, and government regulations. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on the forward‐looking statements, timelines and information contained in this news release. Readers are cautioned that the foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. The forward‐looking statements and information contained in this news release are made as of the date hereof and no undertaking is given to update publicly or revise any forward‐looking statements or information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless so required by applicable securities laws or the Exchange. The forward-looking statements or information contained in this news release are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement. Contact Information For further information please contact: Trevor Doerksen CEO, and Director Telephone: (403) 775-9475 E-mail: info@eplaydigital.com Website: www.eplaydigital.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company ePlay Digital Inc. From this industry Computers and Software Lifestyle and Leisure Media and Entertainment Sports From this sub-industry Competitions and Venues Internet Music and Radio Networking Recreation Software Television Toys and Hobbies Video games See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to content GPS Tracking Info Just another NEWS site Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Alienware 15 R3 Notebook Review By admin in Uncategorized February 16, 2017 For the original German review, see here. Alienware’s parent company Dell offers a configurator for the Alienware 15 R3, but you cannot combine every hardware component. The German shop currently lists four base models based on Kaby Lake priced between 1649 and 2459 Euros , but you can easily increase the prices with upgrades. There are some basic components for every model. The processor is a powerful Intel quad-core, either with or without Hyper-Threading . The amount of DDR4-RAM is from 8 up to 32 GB , whereas the storage solution consists of a conventional HDD or a combination of SSD and hard drive. Dell uses a Full HD panel, which is, depending on the refresh rate , based on the IPS or TN technology. Both models support G-Sync. Dell also includes a high-end GPU from Nvidia’s Pascal generation. While the GeForce GTX 1060 is equipped with 6 GB GDDR5-VRAM, the GeForce GTX 1070 comes with 8 GB GDDR5. The current high-end model GeForce GTX 1080 is reserved for the 17-inch sibling Alienware 17 R4, which can also be equipped with an AMD… Post navigation Synopsys Posts Financial Results for First Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Is Sidharth Malhotra commitment phobic? Alia Bhatt’s alleged beau reveals the truth Search for: Recent Posts Bigg Boss 10 finalist Bani J’s spilt: Reality or Publicity stunt? Badrinath Ki Dulhania song Humsafar: Alia Bhatt-Varun Dhawan starrer gets another soulful rendition after Samjhawan! Kuch Rang Pyar Ke Aise Bhi: Sonakshi & Dev get into a heated argument after Suhana goes missing! Badrinath Ki Dulhania audio song Roke Na Ruke: This song from Alia Bhatt-Varun Dhawan film is a treat to the ears! Jolly LLB 2 box office report day 6: Akshay Kumar’s film continues its victory march, collects Rs 72 crore Archives February 2017 January 2017 Categories Ciência Desporto Entretenimento Mundo Negócios Saúde Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 GPS Tracking Info. All Rights Reserved. Theme by I Love WordPress
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out12:04 GMT +316 February 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search BREAKING: Clashes Between Syrian Army, Moderate Rebels Fully Stopped - Russian Defense Minister Pyongyang's Missile Launch Aims to Enhance Korean Security - Envoy to Russia © AP Photo/ Ahn Young-joon Asia & Pacific 10:28 16.02.2017(updated 10:37 16.02.2017) Get short URL 0 10202 Pyongyang's latest ballistic missile launch aims to enhance security on the Korean Peninsula, North Korean Ambassador to Russia Kim Hyun Joong said Thursday. © REUTERS/ KCNA/Handout North Korea's Missile Prep Time 'Effectively Nullifies' South's Defenses - Intel ServiceMOSCOW (Sputnik) — On Sunday, North Korea carried out a successful test of its Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile. The Pukguksong-2 can carry a nuclear payload, and has an estimated operational range of up to 2,000 km (1,200 miles). "The successful test launch… is a measure aimed at enhancing the country's sovereignty, as well as the peace and security of the Korean Peninsula, in connection with the growing nuclear threat from the US," Kim said. Speaking at an event organized to commemorate the 75th birth date of the late leader Kim Jong Il, the North Korean diplomat said Pyongyang intended to "further strengthen our defense capacity, strengthen the nuclear forces as long as the US nuclear threat and blackmail continues." ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 02 Related: Kim Jong-un Accelerating Rate of North Korea’s Missile, Nuclear Weapons Programs North Korea's Missile Prep Time 'Effectively Nullifies' South's Defenses UN Security Council Condemns North Korea for Latest Ballistic Missile Test UN Condemns North Korea's Missile Launch, Calls for Denuclearization Tags: security, missile launch, Kim Hyun Joong, Korean Peninsula, Democratic Republic of North Korea (DPRK) TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 11:53Cyprus to Discuss Brexit Impact on Economy With UK - Ambassador 11:50Clashes Between Syrian Gov't and Moderate Opposition Forces Ended - Shoigu 11:46Assad Resolutely Opposes Amnesty International Observers' Visit to Syria 11:42Much Ado About Nothing: Why Russian Ship Off US Coast is No Cause for Concern 11:25UNSC Participation in International Conference on Cyprus Necessary – AmbassadorAll news Remains of a 'Giant' Discovered Alongside Ancient Treasure Trove in Iran 21217 ‘He Will Die in Jail’ – Intelligence Apparatus Admits ‘Going Nuclear’ on Trump 18745 #LockHerUp: Hillary Clinton Gradually Losing Veneer of Being 'Too Big to Jail' 16921 'A Very Serious Military Mission': Why NATO Warships 'Escorted' Russia's Carrier 11422 China Reveals Launch Date of New Aircraft Carriers 9394All news Trump Expects Russia to 'Return Crimea' to Ukraine - White House 139 ‘He Will Die in Jail’ – Intelligence Apparatus Admits ‘Going Nuclear’ on Trump 89 'Russia Does Not Return Its Territories' - Moscow on WH Statement on Crimea 41 US Asking Russia to Return Crimea is Like Moscow Asking US to Return California 40 Revenge of Neocons? Who Will Replace Michael Flynn and What It Tells Us 36All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics 'Red Army' for Kids: Chinese Primary School Teaches Students Patriotism Let My Crimea Go! How the EU Has Changed News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Gadgets Acer Spin 3 convertible laptop launched in India at Rs 42,999 Acer Spin 3 convertible laptop launched in India at Rs 42,999 With the Spin 3, Acer is trying to market the notebook as something that can be used for both work and play. By: Tech Desk | Updated: February 16, 2017 12:15 pm Acer Spin 3 can be rotated into four different positions: Notebook, Tablet, Display, and Tent. Acer has launched a new convertible laptop under its Spin series. With the Spin 3, Acer is trying to market the device as something that can be used for both work and play. Priced at Rs 42,999, the new Spin 3 laptop is now available in key retail stores in India. The Spin 3 was originally announced at IFA 2016. The Spin line features laptops packing 360-hinges, and the Spin 3 is no different.  As its name suggests, it can be rotated into four different positions: Notebook, Tablet, Display, and Tent. The laptop features a 15.6-inch HD with Acer Color Intelligence display. The Acer Color Intelligence software adjusts gamma and saturation in real-time, optimising screen colour and brightness with less CPU loading while BlueLightShield that protects your eyes from harmful screen emissions. Watch all our videos from Express Technology Powered by Windows 10 operating system, the Spin 3 comes with the 6th generation Intel Core processor, 4GB DDR4 RAM, 500GB HDD storage, 9 hours of battery back-up, Dual USB 3.1 Type-C ports, and a wireless 802.11ac WiFi. The notebook is also equipped with Dolby Audio Premium and Acer TrueHarmony technology. Also read: Patent reveals Intel working on a curved 2-in-1 laptop The Spin 3 gets a large trackpad that ensures an easy and comfortable navigation. It also comes with a backlit ergonomic keyboard with a 1.6 mm keystroke provides comfortable typing experience to users. The notebook also comes with an HD camera with HDR (High Dynamic Range). “The ultraportable Acer Spin 3, is an ultimate device for anything from spreadsheets to games, video and entertainment. We are confident that the Acer Spin 3 will amaze the users with its blazing battery, multi-mode usage and powerful performance,” said Chandrahas Panigrahi, CMO and Consumer Business Head, Acer India, in a statement. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Tags: Acer Spin 3 Election 2017 Live updates: PM Modi to address rallies at Hardoi, Barabanki today Uttar Pradesh elections: For Aparna Yadav, Netaji and Congress come together Uttar Pradesh Assembly elections 2017: Campaign and contrast Best of Express Tamil Nadu crisis LIVE updates: Palanisami gets invite to form govt, Panneerselvam camp to move EC EntertainmentPhillauri song Dum Dum: Anushka Sharma, Diljit Dosanjh song celebrates innocent love, watch video EntertainmentJolly LLB 2 box office collection day 6: Akshay Kumar film earns Rs 72.68 cr EntertainmentKareena, Saif's son Taimur rings in Randhir's 70th birthday. See inside pics EntertainmentAnushka Sharma, Virat Kohli fans, their new selfies will make you drop a beat. See pics Must Read SportsIndian theme before Indian team SportsThe rise and rise of Bangladesh cricket SportsIPL 2017 Complete fixtures, schedule and time in IST TechnologyMoto G5, Moto G5 Plus full specs revealed ahead of MWC launch TechnologyApple patent reveals fingerprint scanner built inside iPhone display TechnologyNASA: January 2017 third warmest on record LifestyleThe Sporty Side: Designer Masaba Gupta on her collaborative athleisure line Feb 16: Latest News Sufi music remains unchallenged: Singer Kailash Kher Watch: ISRO releases stunning ‘selfie’ footage of what happened after PSLV-C37 rocket launch Shruti Haasan is dating a London-based actor, everything you want to know about him Mauricio Pochettino hopes for time to build winning mentality MNS mantra: If you engage in gunda-gardi, you will be rewarded                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 1594 49 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Through activism, snowboarders send message to Trump about climate change Snowboarders have participated in a campaign with the advocacy group Protect Our Winters. Post to Facebook Through activism, snowboarders send message to Trump about climate change Snowboarders have participated in a campaign with the advocacy group Protect Our Winters.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2lfqAHS {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Through activism, snowboarders send message to Trump about climate change Rachel Axon , USA TODAY Sports Published 8:35 a.m. ET Feb. 14, 2017 | Updated 4 hours ago CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share USA TODAY Sports' Rachel Axon explains the major story lines to follow heading to Pyeongchang, South Korea. USA TODAY Sports Alex Deibold (USA), blue, reacts during the semifinal run of the men's snowboardcross during the Sochi 2014 Olympic Winter Games at Rosa Khutor Extreme Park. (Photo: John David Mercer-USA TODAY Sports) 1594 CONNECTTWEET 49 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE ASPEN, Colo. — With Donald J. Trump not yet in office in early January, the advocacy group Protect Our Winters sought a way to reach out to the then-president-elect. So it tried to engage Trump on his turf – Twitter. Protect Our Winters, or POW, launched a Twitter campaign encouraging the incoming president to keep the Paris agreement, an international effort to curb greenhouse gas emissions. Some of the top athletes in snow sports — including Olympians Devin Logan, Alex Deibold, Elena Hight and Danny Davis — echoed the message. “There was really no direct line to him through like the White House switchboard,” said Chris Steinkamp, executive director of Protect Our Winters. “Then we realized, my god, he’s on Twitter all the time, and nobody’s really used that medium in reverse. He’s very famous about trying to let us know what’s going on, but we’ve never really messaged to him.” Steinkamp says the #keepparis campaign reached 11 million people, although it did not get a response from Trump. The hashtag was tweeted 24,000 times on Jan. 5-6, when POW was leading the campaign, according to Twitter. “As you know, these athletes don’t give a damn. They stand up for what they want to stand up for,” Steinkamp said. “The steeper the hill for these guys, the better.” MORE COVERAGE: Shaun White is refreshed, focused for shot at 2018 Olympic medal American runners Alysia Montano, Brenda Martinez could get medals They recognize the steepness of the challenge now. Trump made comments in the past and during his presidential campaign that climate change is a hoax perpetuated by the Chinese. He has said he is considering backing out of the United States’ commitment to the 2015 Paris climate agreement. Now past Trump’s inauguration, those involved in snow sports generally — and snowboarding in particular — have tried to further advocate on issues they’ve long supported. That’s primarily but not exclusively been around climate change, an issue many athletes have partnered with POW on for years. “I wouldn’t say that I see a renewed focus, but what I do see is almost sort of like buckling down,” said Deibold, a bronze medalist in Sochi. “I think that we realize that the work we’re doing now is more important than ever because we’re fighting such an uphill battle.” Steinkamp says POW has had an “outpouring of people” wanting to get involved and donate since Trump’s election. Donations are up 50% to 75%, he said. The organization says it has more than 130,000 supporters worldwide. For the athletes involved, the story is not just theoretical. POW was founded in 2007 by professional snowboarder Jeremy Jones, and athletes have long been a part of the organization’s voice. It has support of athletes across snow sports, including skiing, ice climbing and mountaineers. Anecdotally, the athletes see the impact that the scientific community, which has reached a consensus in man’s role in climate change, finds in data. Scientists from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration reported last month that 2016 was the United States’ second warmest year on record. NASA said 16 of the 17 warmest years have occurred since 2001. “When there’s someone in power who cares about that stuff and whatnot, you have a little less feel to be involved,” said Davis. “And then when you have someone maybe like now, you almost feel the need to be more involved and voice it out, educate people.” While the sport demands international travel, equipment and apparel that’s not exactly earth friendly, athletes try to do their part. In their own lives and through their education efforts with POW, they highlight efforts people can make daily to help the environment, simple things like conserving electricity or re-using shopping bags. But POW, and the athletes, are drawing attention to bigger concerns. The Twitter campaign sought to persuade Trump to keep in place the Paris agreement the United States joined with nearly 200 other nations to curb greenhouse gas emissions. Danny Davis speaks with the media before first tracks during the Dew Tour Kick Off Media Event on Dec. 9, 2016 in Breckenridge, Colorado.  (Photo: Justin Edmonds, Getty Images for Mountain Dew) President Obama’s administration mandated cleaner power plants and more fuel-efficient cars, efforts POW and those in snow sports would like kept in place. More broadly, they expressed concern not just about Trump but about his administration. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is the former CEO of Exxon Mobil. Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, who could be confirmed as EPA administrator as early as this week, has sued the EPA more than a dozen times over environmental regulations. “It’s really scary from an environmentalist’s perspective,” said Steinkamp. “Maybe four or five months ago, there was a little bit of complacency throughout the community knowing it was being done. Now I think people realize if it’s going to get done, we have to do it.” Both Steinkamp and Donna Carpenter, CEO of Burton and a member of POW’s board of directors, said athletes’ voices resonate in a way that advocates’ voices sometimes can’t. Having an Olympian can get POW a meeting with a senator rather than a chief of staff. And they see a role for that advocacy in snowboarding’s history, one in which it grew up in opposition to the ski industry, whose resorts initially barred snowboarding. “I think snowboarders and snowboarding is in a position to say no, we speak truth to power and the truth is we’re better off with a diverse community and we’re better off obviously addressing climate change, and we’re better off facing the fact of globalization,” Carpenter said. “We’re not gonna go back. We’re just gonna alienate people.” Carpenter sees a role for businesses in the way some decided not to move to North Carolina after the passage of HB2. The law, known as the bathroom bill, prevents cities and counties from passing protections based on sexual orientation and gender identity and mandates that public schools require bathrooms or locker rooms be designated for use only by people based on their biological sex. The NBA pulled its all-star game from the state, and the NCAA moved its championships. Carpenter said companies like hers that are invested in snow sports would be wise not to invest in or move to states whose representatives deny climate change. For Carpenter, the advocacy doesn’t end there though. She spoke to USA TODAY Sports at the X Games a week after she personally sponsored about 30 Burton employees to attend the Women’s March following Trump’s inauguration. In her business and in her sport, Carpenter sees an avenue to advocate for climate change and gender equity. “We’re the rebellious adolescents of the ski industry,” she said. “We look at things a little bit differently and a little irreverently. We question authority and we always have.” PHOTOS: Donald Trump's first 100 days FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn President Trump: A new era in Washington begins  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu shake hands during a joint news conference in the East Room of the White House on Feb. 15, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump meets with retail industry leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Feb. 15, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos attend a meeting with parents and teachers on Feb. 14, 2017, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump looks on as Steven Mnuchin is sworn in as Treasury secretary on Feb. 13, 2017.  Alex Wong, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump meets with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in the Oval Office on Feb. 13, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump walks from Marine One on the South Lawn of the White House as he returns from his weekend trip to Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 12, 2017.  Molly Riley, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe listen to the translator after they both made statements about North Korea at Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 11, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen President Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, accompanied by their wives, first lady Melania Trump and Akie Abe, wave before boarding Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base on Feb. 10, 2017.  Jose Luis Magana, AP Fullscreen Trump walks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at the White House on Feb. 10, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen President Trump speaks to Democratic and Republican senators about Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch in the Roosevelt Room on Feb. 9, 2017.  Pool, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump arrives for a meeting with airline executives on Feb. 9, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen President Trump leaves after speaking at the Major Cities Chiefs Association and Major County Sheriff's Association Winter Meeting in Washington on Feb. 8, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Intel CEO Brian Krzanich speaks during a meeting with Trump on Feb. 8, 2017, where Intel announced an investment of $7 billion to build a factory in Chandler, Ariz., to create advanced semi-conductor chips.  Chris Kleponis, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump holds up a gift given to him by county sheriffs following a meeting as they pose for photos in the Oval Office on Feb. 7, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump has lunch with troops during a visit to the U.S. Central Command at MacDill Air Force Base on Feb. 6, 2017, in Tampa, Fla.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen The Trumps watch the Super Bowl at a party at Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach, Fla., on Feb. 5, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen The Trumps arrive for the 60th Annual Red Cross Gala at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., on on Feb. 4, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump walks with first lady Melania Trump on the tarmac after he arrived on Air Force One at the Palm Beach International Airport for a visit to Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 3, 2017.  Joe Raedle, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump waves as he walks from Marine One to board Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base, Md., on Feb. 3, 2017, en route to Mar-a-Lago for the weekend.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks during the beginning of a policy and strategy forum with business executives in the State Dining Room of the White House on Feb. 3, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and Vice President Pence look on as Trump speaks briefly to reporters after greeting Harley Davidson executives on the South Lawn of the White House on Feb. 2, 2017.  Drew Angerer, Getty Images Fullscreen Television producer Mark Burnett, left, and Sen. John Boozman, R-Ark., look on as Trump waves upon his arrival for the National Prayer Breakfast on Feb. 2, 2017, in Washington.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump takes his seat between Paula White of the New Destiny Christian Center and NRA Executive Vice President and CEO Wayne LaPierre at a meeting on his nomination of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court in the Roosevelt Room on Feb. 1, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump shakes hands with Neil Gorsuch, his Supreme Court nominee, in the East Room of the White House on Jan. 31, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump meets with leaders of the pharmaceutical industry at the White House on Jan. 31, 2017.  Nicholas Kamm, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump meets with small-business leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Jan. 30, 2017.  Jim Lo Scalzo, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump speaks on the phone with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in the Oval Office on Jan. 28, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump shakes hands with Defense Secretary James Mattis during an event at the Pentagon on Jan. 27, 2017. Vice President Pence is at right.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump greets British Prime Minister Theresa May as she arrives at the White House on Jan. 27, 2017.  Shawn Thew, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell watch as President Trump arrives to speak to House and Senate GOP lawmakers at the annual policy retreat in Philadelphia on Jan. 26, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump boards Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland on Jan. 26, 2017, as he departed to attend a Republican congressional retreat in Philadelphia.  Nicholas Kamm, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump, accompanied by Vice President Mike Pence, gives a thumbs-up on Jan. 25, 2017, at the White House.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump reads from one of the executive orders he signed during a visit to the Department of Homeland Security with Vice President Mike Pence, Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly and other officials in Washington on Jan. 25, 2017.  Chip Somodevilla, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump arrives for meeting with automobile leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Jan. 24, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump displays one of five executive actions he signed in the Oval Office on Jan. 24, 2017.  Shawn Thew, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump speaks during a reception for House and Senate leaders in the the State Dining Room of the White House on Jan. 23, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump signs executive actions in the Oval Office on Jan. 23, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump meets with business leaders on Jan. 23, 2017, in the Roosevelt Room.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen President Trump holds a letter left for him by former president Barack Obama as Vice President Pence looks on before the swearing-in of the White House senior staff on Jan. 22, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump speaks at the CIA headquarters in Langley, Va., on Jan. 21, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen The Trumps arrive for a National Prayer Service at the National Cathedral on Jan. 21, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen The president and first lady thank guests during the Freedom Ball at the Washington Convention Center on Jan. 20, 2017.  Chip Somodevilla, Getty Images Fullscreen The Trumps and Pences attend the Freedom Ball on Jan. 20, 2017.  Kevin Dietsch, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump waves as he walks with first lady Melania Trump during the inaugural parade on Pennsylvania Avenue.  Evan Vucci, Pool Fullscreen Trump is joined by the congressional leadership and his family as he formally signs his cabinet nominations into law in the Presidents Room of the Senate on Jan. 20, 2017.  J. Scott Applewhite, Pool Photo-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Trump greets House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., and other congressional leaders as he arrives for his inauguration luncheon at the Capitol on Inauguration Day.  J. Scott Applewhite, Pool Fullscreen Trump and Obama arrive for Trump's inauguration luncheon at the Capitol.  J. Scott Applewhite, Pool Fullscreen The Trumps and Obamas stand on the steps of the U.S. Capitol on Jan. 20, 2017.  Rob Carr, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump is seen speaking on video monitor on the National Mall during his inauguration on Jan. 20, 2017.  John Minchillo, AP Fullscreen Trump delivers his inaugural address on Jan. 20, 2017, on the west front of the U.S. Capitol  Porter Binks, USA TODAY Fullscreen Trump takes the oath of office on Jan. 20, 2017, as his family looks on.  Jim Bourg, Pool Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 51 2 of 51 3 of 51 4 of 51 5 of 51 6 of 51 7 of 51 8 of 51 9 of 51 10 of 51 11 of 51 12 of 51 13 of 51 14 of 51 15 of 51 16 of 51 17 of 51 18 of 51 19 of 51 20 of 51 21 of 51 22 of 51 23 of 51 24 of 51 25 of 51 26 of 51 27 of 51 28 of 51 29 of 51 30 of 51 31 of 51 32 of 51 33 of 51 34 of 51 35 of 51 36 of 51 37 of 51 38 of 51 39 of 51 40 of 51 41 of 51 42 of 51 43 of 51 44 of 51 45 of 51 46 of 51 47 of 51 48 of 51 49 of 51 50 of 51 51 of 51 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide 1594 CONNECTTWEET 49 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE NEVER MISS OUT Sports Stay in the know and in the zone, 7 days a week, with scores, analysis, and in-depth features and commentary. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Sports NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Help Make A Great 2017: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. QXL DRM Driver Picks Up Atomic Mode-Setting Support Written by Michael Larabel in X.Org on 16 February 2017 at 12:04 AM EST. Add A Comment Gabriel Krisman Bertazi of Collabora has published a set of 14 patches today for implementing atomic mode-setting support within the QXL DRM driver. The QXL DRM driver as a reminder is for Red Hat's SPICE with guest virtual machines on QEMU. QXL -- presumably with Linux 4.12 -- will join Nouveau, Intel, and other DRM drivers in supporting atomic mode-setting. The QXL atomic mode-setting has been tested so far with the X.Org Server, the IGT tests, libdrm's test suite, and other custom tests. Adding atomic mode-setting to the QXL driver was 434 lines of new code but 449 lines of deleted code. More details via this patch series. Add A Comment Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related X.Org News X.Org Server 1.20 Breaks The Video Driver ABI Libinput X.Org Driver Updated With New Capabilities Several Old DDX Drivers Got Updated For X.Org Server 1.19, Even Voodoo Graphics Faster Raspberry Pi X.Org Desktop Performance With NEON X.Org Server 1.19.1 For Testing On Arch, Libinput X.Org Driver To Be Used By Default X.Org Server 1.19.1 Released Popular News Ten Exciting Features Of The Linux 4.10 Kernel A GNOME Developer's Arguments On Vala Being A "Dead" Language Valve Has Another Linux Graphics Driver Developer Working On Open-Source AMD The Future Of Android-x86 Is In Question Mesa 17.0.0 Officially Released Mozilla Had A Crazy Week Landing Servo, WebRender & More Into Firefox Repo Latest Linux News GNOME Shell & Mutter Up To 3.24 Beta State QXL DRM Driver Picks Up Atomic Mode-Setting Support MPV 0.24 Media Player Adds Experimental Stream Recording, X11 Pseudo HiDPI Scaling Intel Goes Ahead & Drops i915 Driver From OpenGL 2.1 To 1.4 By Default GNOME Maps 3.24 To Support Transit Routing Unreal Engine 4.15 Released: Improved Vulkan Support Futhark: A Pure, Functional Language For GPU Computing FreeBSD 12 Looking At Dropping SVR4 Binary Compatibility Flatpak 0.8.3 Released, Can Now Work With NVIDIA's Linux Driver Wayland 1.13 RC1, Weston 2.0 RC1 Released Latest Featured Articles Radeon Windows 10 vs. Linux RadeonSI/RADV Gaming Performance Windows 10 vs. Ubuntu Linux Gaming Performance With NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060/1080 Intel Core i3 2100 Sandy Bridge vs. Core i3 7100 Kabylake Performance Mesa 17.0 Benchmarks With Intel: Noticeably Better Vulkan Performance Server/Workstation Tests: Antergos vs. Clear Linux vs. Fedora vs. Scientific Linux vs. Ubuntu vs. openSUSE Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookLog In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop Email RSS Feed Twitter Facebook Follow Us: PC World > Notebooks > Reviews > ​Venom > ​Venom Blackbook Zero 14 laptop review ​Venom Blackbook Zero 14 laptop review An ultraportable that competes with the big boys by focusing on what’s important to a notebook Nick Ross PC World @NickRossTech 16/02/17 Review Specs Images User Reviews Buy Now Tweet 18 Users want this Expert Rating 4.50 / 5 Pros Stylish Solid and well built Fast in 2D applications Good battery Matte screen Cons Not ideal for multimedia Bottom Line Venom removes all the bells and whistles leaving you with a fast, reliable, 14-inch laptop that you can work on all day. Would you buy this? Yes 18 No 1 Price $ 1,699.00 (AUD) Special Offers Coupon: Alienware 13 Laptops Coupon Venom is the unusual Australian-based system integrator that sells computers globally to an enthusiastic, brand-loyal audience. The company is a bit like BMW’s M Division in that it takes away the frills and bloat of the modern computer market and leaves behind a focused machine, with high-quality parts, that does its specified job well, fast and reliably. The Blackbook Zero 14 (Zero references the lack of graphics and the focus on general, work-related productivity) is another of its monolithic laptops but it’s thin, very robust and good-looking. The specs are reasonable and, uncommonly, we’re looking on a 14-inch laptop as an ultraportable. Key Specs 14.1-inch, matte screen, 1920 x 1080, non-touchscreen IPS LCD; 1.2-3.3GHz Intel Core i5-7Y54 processor; 8GB RAM; 240GB M.2 SSD; Intel HD Graphics 615; 41Wh battery; 1.4KG. SKU: L13303. Full specs here. Ports On the left reside two, standard USB 2 ports while on the right are all of the others: USB-C (which supports charging and external video), a USB 3.0 port, micro HDMI, 3.5mm headset jack and a microSD card reader. Design and Build The chassis is listed as a Sand Blasted Alloy composite which sounds about right. It's basically a solid, black metal unibody but with a removable base that allows access to the removable battery and hard drive. The black is matte and uniform but on the edges and around ports we did notice scratches appearing revealing a silver metal beneath. While the whole chassis and lid (which has hardly any flex in it) feels very robust indeed, the paint job is less so. It should also be noted that the matte finish is one heck of a fingerprint magnet. Don't leave it at a crime scene. In terms of styling, monochrome and monolithic are the best descriptors. But we also found it very cool from a multitude of angles as our pre-review slideshow demonstrates. If it wasn't for the blue Intel sticker at the front there'd be no colour here at all. It's all very Henry Ford, but in a good way. The finish gives it a quality feel, as do the flush-fitting ports. You can access the basics by removing a multitude of small screws from the back. Read more: ​MSI GT72VR 7RE (Dominator Pro) gaming laptop review The IPS screen is crisp and clear but not the most colourful. We've been testing TVs using the excellent Costa Rica 4K 60fps demo on YouTube over the past year and are used to colours popping off the screen, but they're more muted and neutral here. They are. However, accurate and motion blur was minimal. The resolution is 1920 x 1080. Some may lament the lack of Ultra High Definition but lettering gets very small in those circumstances. For a laptop that's set up for predominantly typing-based workloads the resolution fits the 14.1-inch screen size very well and it's comfortable to work on for long periods. The viewing angles experience some image degradation from the side, but then with work-oriented notebooks like this, you don't really want people sitting beside you having a crystal clear view of what you're working on. This is also an increasingly-rare breed of laptop that has a matte-screen with minimal reflections – a boon worth the sacrifice of glossy, vibrant colours to many people. We liked it when the Windows 10 Professional image started up and had Chrome and Firefox already installed. That was a nice touch. Input The keyboard is a scrabble tile affair but feels different to many we've used in the past. The keys have a an-ever-so-slightly-rougher surface than competitors and are substantially stiffer than seen elsewhere. All but the top row are full-sized though and this, combined with the spacing, stiffness and coating meant it was one of the most accurate keyboards we'd used in a while - but that doesn't go for the Space Bar whose stiffness takes some getting used to. Indeed, if you're typing all day long you could experience finger fatigue. All in all, though, we were impressed – it feels like a high quality unit. Read more ​The rush to be thinnest, fastest and first with technology As for the mouse pad we're slightly-less convinced. It's smooth enough and accurate enough when sliding your fingers across it and gently tapping it, but the 'buttons' are quite stiff and this might be a bit uncomfortable for some. Performance We respect the choice of Core i5 chips for ultraportables. We've used i7s before and even with Kaby Lake's power efficiencies, they seem to cause problems with heat. This processor however, was very responsive for basic office and media functions, didn't get too hot which means it doesn't toast your unmentionables or have any annoying fans to spin up with that annoying, battery-draining whine. It can get warm at the rear, right-hand side but not enough to be uncomfortable. There's only 8GB of RAM installed but it's an LPDDR3 Ultra Low Voltage variant which has been specially chosen to work efficiently in conjunction with the processor and M.2 SSD to operate at optimum levels for long periods without overheating or system speed throttling. The amount might limit hardcore photoshoppers and multimedia workers but it flew along for other tasks. It scored 2415 in PC Mark which is very respectable for 2D applications. In the dedicated Work 2.0 test it scored 2977 which is among the top scores we've ever seen in this test (which, to be fair, we reserve for ultraportables). For reference, a Microsoft Surface Pro 4 (with a more power-hungry Core i5-6300U processor) scored 2613. The integrated Intel graphics couldn't handle the modern 3D Mark tests but it did score 3691 in the Cloud Gate test which shows it can still play older 3D games, at least to some extent. Read more ​Making the PC great again Next: Battery Life, Warranty and Other Features, Conclusion... 1 2 next ›› Join the PC World newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Read more on these topics: notebooks, ultraportable laptops, ultraportables, notebook, laptops, venom, laptop Comments Read User Reviews Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Essentials Smart LED Bulb LB130 Learn more > UE Boom 2 Bluetooth speaker Learn more > Microsoft L5V-00027 Sculpt Ergonomic Keyboard Desktop Learn more > Linksys AC5400 MU-MIMO Gigabit router Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive Learn more > Samsung portable 1TB T3 drive Learn more > Epson EcoTank Expression ET-2500 Learn more > Everki ContemPRO Roll Top Laptop Backpack Learn more > Mobile Lexar® Portable SSD  Learn more > 3SIXT Ultra HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Surface Book Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S45 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > Huawei Mate 9 Learn more > Google Daydream VR headset Learn more > Belkin MIXIT Metallic Lightning to USB Cable Learn more > Acer Swift 7 Learn more > Logitech G403 Prodigy mouse Learn more > Exec Lexar® Professional 1800x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards  Learn more > HP Pavilion x360 13” Learn more > Garmin Fenix Chronos smartwatch Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® C20c USB Type-C flash drive  Learn more > Blade 28 backpack by Arc’teryx Learn more > Dell XPS 13 laptop Learn more > Dell Inspiron 5000 series 2-in-1 Learn more > HD Pan/Tilt Wi-Fi Camera with Night Vision NC450 Learn more > Surface Pro 4 Learn more > Dell P2715Q Learn more > Audio-Technica ATH-ANC70 Noise Cancelling Headphones Learn more > Budget Samsung 960 EVO M.2 hard drive Learn more > Smart Wi-Fi Plug HS110 Learn more > Boost Mobile SIM Learn more > Evapolar USB air conditioner review Learn more > Lifeproof Fre phone case Learn more > Canon EOS 1300d Learn more > Jabra Sport Pace earbuds Learn more > Oppo R9s Learn more > Back To Business Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Huawei Mate 9 full in-depth smartphone review 2 ​ZTE Axon 7 review: Is ZTE dumping old stock on Australia? 3 ​Oppo R9s smartphone full review 4 ​Finally! LG OLED TV 2016 range review 5 ​Huawei Nova Plus smartphone review Latest News Articles Everything we think we know about Samsung’s Galaxy Tab S3 Lenovo's ThinkPad P71 will work with HTC, Oculus VR headsets Lenovo's Yoga A12 Android 2-in-1 has futuristic touch panel keyboard In PC comeback, ARM will battle Intel in Chromebooks and Windows 10 Dell: Mainstream laptops with wireless charging are still years away Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Michael Hargreaves Dell XPS 13 I’d happily recommend this touchscreen laptop and Windows 10 as a great way to get serious work done at a desk or on the road. Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content How to quit Pokemon Go (or to start enjoying it again) ​Huawei Mate 9 full in-depth smartphone review Time to ditch Foxtel and the iQ3: How to replace Foxtel packages with cheaper alternatives What's the difference between an Intel Core i3, i5 and i7? Laser vs. inkjet printers: which is better? Latest Jobs Latest Jobs TPSCCM SpecialistVIC FTDevelopment Manager - SaaSQLD FTDynamics AX Functional Consultant (Supply Chain Modules)QLD FTStorage Solution ArchitectVIC CCSenior Project Coordinator - Banking/Financial ServicesNSW TPGIS Developer - 6 month ContractQLD FTData AnalystQLD TPProduct Owner - Cloud SolutionsQLD FTSenior Software Engineer - JavaQLD FTSenior Dot Net Backend Orientated DeveloperNSW FTJava Developer/IntegratorACT TPIT Project Officer - TMRQLD FTSecurity Engineer - Permanent - IT Services - SydneyNSW TPService Desk Analyst - Level 1VIC FTDigital Strategist - Global Consulting FirmACT CCProject Manager - TelcoVIC CCProject ManagerSA TPFront End DeveloperWA FTScrum MasterQLD TPMobile Application DeveloperWA FTDynamics AX Functional Consultant (Sales & Marketing Modules)WA FTMicrosoft Dynamics AX Finance ConsultantNSW CCTest Capability LeadNSW TPProject Coordinator/Junior Project ManagerVIC TPTechnical ConsultantNSW Back to top • Home Share this review: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles South Australia aims to cut costs with CSC deal computerworld.com.au US legislation revived to curb warrantless geolocation tracking cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au CSC wins landmark South Australian Government IT outsourcing deal arnnet.com.au CMO's top 8 martech stories for the week - 16 February 2017 cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Cramer's lightning round: How Intel could be pulling down Nvidia Abigail Stevenson | @A_StevensonCNBC 8 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES It's that time again! Jim Cramer rang the lightning round bell, which means he gave his take on caller favorite stocks at rapid speed: Nvidia: "OK so there is a little profit taking in Nvidia. Yes, I'm fine with Nvidia. We did have Brian Krzanich [CEO of Intel] he kind of offered an alternative view of Nvidia versus Intel. I think that has hurt the stock of Nvidia after he gave out his vision. I like Nvidia, though." Hershey: "Stay long Hershey. Hershey is a great long-term situation. Not going to run here." Accenture: "Accenture should have never gotten down to $114 or $115. I didn't even think that quarter was that bad. I'm a buy, buy, buyer of ACN." Cheniere Energy Partners: "I like CQP. It's got a good yield and I think that the Cheniere dream is coming true, even though it is not going to be read by Charif [Souki, former CEO of LNG]." Inovio Pharma: "Total spec. The vaccine business we have not liked. We have gotten hurt on vaccines but it is not bad if you want a spec only." Emerge Energy Services: "No. We've got Schlumberger trading as if the Permian isn't coming back. We're going to go with Schlumberger. We are going to go high and not low." Seaspan Corporation: "We do not recommend container ships. We do not recommend tankers. We do not recommend anything that is sea born because it has killed us." Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Abigail StevensonDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change CQP --- NVDA --- HSY --- SSW --- INO --- Cramer's New Book
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Thursday, February 16, 2017 As of 8:00 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Technology Microsoft Surface Book 2 release date, news & update: Top specs & features expected in device revealed By Ritwik Roy @ritwikroy1985 on February 16 2017 12:48 PM 0 0 0 0 The logo of Dow Jones Industrial Average stock market index listed company Microsoft (MSFT) is seen on a Surface Book in Los Angeles, California, United States, April 22, 2016. Picture taken April 22, 2016. Reuters/Lucy Nicholson Microsoft is expected to release its next line of Surface devices by the end of 2017, and Surface Book 2 definitely is part of the line. Microsoft unleashed the Surface Book i7 late 2016, powered by Intel’s previous generation processor. Along with Surface Pro 5, the Surface Book 2 is also said to have the Intel Kaby Lake processor for faster processing and less power consumption. The Surface Book 2 display is said to receive a bump and may have a 4K display. The device could come with an updated Surface Pen. According to a recent report by Tech Radar, Microsoft Surface Book 2 release date details are still a bit dodgy and the company hasn’t released any official information on the device. Considering the fact that the Surface Book i7 released in October 2016 and is still fresh, Microsoft may choose to release the Surface Book 2 later. Thus, proper information on the laptop may start flowing in only after two months or so. The current model sports a 13.5-inch display with screen resolution of 3,000 x 2,000 pixels. It has an integrated Intel HD Graphics 520 GPU. The upcoming Surface Book 2 could offer a more conventional 4K resolution, as Kaby Lake architecture includes better graphics, that improves playback of 4K video and 3D graphics. Microsoft may also think of a better way to detach the screen from the keyboard. The current model has faced a lot of criticism because of its hinge’s locking system. The Surface Book 2 needs a functional hinge that will enable the keyboard to be detached irrespective of whether the device is on or off. The Microsoft Surface Book 2 also needs a better battery to support 4K content and for the built-in Surface Pen recharge dock. Gamers are also expecting a better graphics chip. Rumours state that the device could be VR-ready. Certain reports have provided an April release date though that’s still unconfirmed. It could come with a price tag of US$1,500 (AU$1,950 approx). Recently the price of the Surface Book was increased in the UK as a result of Brexit. “In response to a recent review we are adjusting the British pound prices of some of our hardware and consumer software in order to align to market dynamics ... For indirect sales where our products and services are sold through partners, final prices will continue to be determined by them,” a Microsoft spokeswoman recently told Tech Crunch. It will be interesting to see if Microsoft brings forth the Surface Book 2 in the market amidst the Brexit turmoil. Stay tuned on IBT AU for more updates on Microft’s Surface line of products. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Microsoft Surface Book 2 could be VR-ready Microsoft Surface Phone 2017 & Surface Book 2 update Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 ‘Better Call Saul’ season 3: Bob Odenkirk reasons show’s late coming 0 Shares 2 'Better Call Saul' season 3: Gus Fring's modest return to the world of Jimmy McGill 0 Shares 3 Guns N’ Roses rock Melbourne, apologise over 'Hello Sydney!' mistake 0 Shares 4 LG G6 to settle with Snapdragon 821 chip 0 Shares 5 NBA Trade Deadline: Raptors, Clippers trying to acquire Danilo Gallinari from Nuggets 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Leaked pictures from South Africa set 0 Shares 7 ‘Peaky Blinders’ season 4 confirmed 0 Shares 8 Roger Federer reveals three keys to longevity, diet regimen, day-to-day schedule, eating habits 0 Shares 9 ‘Vikings’ season 5: Lothbrok brothers are ‘gonna be at each other’s throats’ 0 Shares 10 ‘The Walking Dead’ season 7, episode 9 spoilers: What to expect 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed NAB survey shows stronger Australia economy Woolworths and Microsoft assure faster online service Apple Inc. reaches AU$909 billion market value Iron ore prices witness surge to reach US$90 Etsy brings good news for creative entrpreneurs, DYIers CSL revenue approaches US$600 million More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance Man's dead body found in Sydney factory Small 2.7-magnitude earthquake rattles Adelaide Australian man whose girlfriend died in jet-ski crash pleads guilty Killer clown sentenced to 6 months for terrorising pregnant British woman with axe Australian community destroyed by bushfire Ku Klux Klan leader's wife, stepson charged with murder More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Jeremy Lin injury update: Brooklyn Nets PG ready to return post All-Star break NBA Trade Deadline: Cavaliers interested in Lakers guard Lou Williams Raptors acquire Serge Ibaka from Magic for Terrence Ross and future draft pick Adam Voges retires from Tests with batting average of 61.87 Reggie Jackson trade: Pelicans, Magic and Timberwolves vying for Pistons point guard NBA Trade Deadline: Warriors could sign Larry Sanders, not looking for trades More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More More NES Classic Editions soon; ‘Fire Emblem Heroes’ available on iOS & Android Samsung Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6s: Camera comparison [VIDEO] 'The Last Of Us 2' is 'a story worthy of Joel and Ellie' 'Final Fantasy XV' director hints at PC compatibility 8Pack OrionX: The most expensive gaming PC Researchers call to end long work hours for Australians More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'Justice League' cast updates: Laurence Fishburne ends speculations; explains why he won't be in the DC movie 'Wonder Woman' spoilers: Showrunners' Twitter activity sparks fan theories that Arnold Schwazenegger might join the cast soon Marvel gets fans in stitches in new 'Team Thor' spoof video, featuring roommate Darryl [Watch] 'General Hospital' spoilers for Feb. 16, 2017: Nina grows suspicious; Liz takes a stand; Kiki and Dillon reconnect 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' spoilers: New planet details 'Orphan Black' season 5 news: Tatiana Maslany and the clones return as final season gets a premiere date More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities And Forecast To 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Wiseguyreports.Com Adds "GPU -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and analysis of Top Key Player Forecast to 2022" To Its Research Database Pune, India - February 15, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- GPU Industry Description This report studies sales (consumption) of GPU in Global market, especially in USA, China, Europe, Japan, Korea and Taiwan, focuses on top players in these regions/countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player in these regions, covering AMD NVIDIA Intel Qualcomm ARM Imagination Technologies Matrox ViaTech Vivante Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/679847-global-gpu-sales-market-report-2016 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share and growth rate of GPU in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like USA China Europe Japan Korea Taiwan Split by product Types, with sales, revenue, price and gross margin, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Type I Type II Type III Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of GPU in each application, can be divided into Application 1 Application 2 Application 3 Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/679847-global-gpu-sales-market-report-2016 Table of Contents Global GPU Sales Market Report 2016 1 GPU Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of GPU 1.2 Classification of GPU 1.2.1 Type I 1.2.2 Type II 1.2.3 Type III 1.3 Application of GPU 1.3.1 Application 1 1.3.2 Application 2 1.3.3 Application 3 1.4 GPU Market by Regions 1.4.1 USA Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.2 China Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.4 Japan Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.5 Korea Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.6 Taiwan Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of GPU (2011-2021) 1.5.1 Global GPU Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 1.5.2 Global GPU Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2021) .... 9 Global GPU Manufacturers Analysis 9.1 AMD 9.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.1.2 GPU Product Type, Application and Specification 9.1.2.1 Type I 9.1.2.2 Type II 9.1.3 AMD GPU Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 9.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.2 NVIDIA 9.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.2.2 128 Product Type, Application and Specification 9.2.2.1 Type I 9.2.2.2 Type II 9.2.3 NVIDIA GPU Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 9.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.3 Intel 9.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.3.2 145 Product Type, Application and Specification 9.3.2.1 Type I 9.3.2.2 Type II 9.3.3 Intel GPU Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 9.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.4 Qualcomm 9.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.4.2 Oct Product Type, Application and Specification 9.4.2.1 Type I 9.4.2.2 Type II 9.4.3 Qualcomm GPU Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 9.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.5 ARM 9.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.5.2 Product Type, Application and Specification 9.5.2.1 Type I 9.5.2.2 Type II 9.5.3 ARM GPU Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 9.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.6 Imagination Technologies 9.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.6.2 Million USD Product Type, Application and Specification 9.6.2.1 Type I 9.6.2.2 Type II 9.6.3 Imagination Technologies GPU Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 9.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.7 Matrox 9.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.7.2 Electronics Product Type, Application and Specification 9.7.2.1 Type I 9.7.2.2 Type II 9.7.3 Matrox GPU Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 9.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.8 ViaTech 9.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.8.2 Product Type, Application and Specification 9.8.2.1 Type I 9.8.2.2 Type II 9.8.3 ViaTech GPU Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 9.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.9 Vivante 9.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.9.2 Product Type, Application and Specification 9.9.2.1 Type I 9.9.2.2 Type II 9.9.3 Vivante GPU Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 9.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview Buy now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=679847 Continued... Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Email: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Address: Pune -40027, Maharashtra, India Phone: +91 841 198 5042 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/gpu-graphics-processing-unit-market-2017-global-analysis-opportunities-and-forecast-to-2022/170210 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/679847-global-gpu-sales-market-report-2016 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 170210 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Machine to Machine Market Type, Application, Specification, Technology And Forecast To 2022 (Thu 16th Feb 17) Dental Laboratory Workstations Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities And Forecast To 2022 (Thu 16th Feb 17) Organic Cocoa Market Forecast To 2022 With Key Companies Profile, Supply, Demand, Cost Structure, And SWOT Analysis (Thu 16th Feb 17) Bird Food Market - Global Trends, Share, Industry Size, Growth, Opportunities, And Forecast 2017-2022 (Thu 16th Feb 17) JP Healthcare Solutions Introduces The EZ Lift Vest Transfer Lift Device (Thu 16th Feb 17) XVerify Partners With JotForm To Provide Email Verification For Web Forms (Thu 16th Feb 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 11 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Pro-Trump lobbyist lands big clients for new D.C. office Trump fundraiser lands 15 clients for Washington expansion, including Amazon.com. Post to Facebook Pro-Trump lobbyist lands big clients for new D.C. office Trump fundraiser lands 15 clients for Washington expansion, including Amazon.com.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2llpudn {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Pro-Trump lobbyist lands big clients for new D.C. office Fredreka Schouten , USA TODAY Published 7:31 p.m. ET Feb. 15, 2017 | Updated 8 hours ago Jeff Bezos  (Photo: David Ryder) WASHINGTON – A prominent Florida lobbyist who raised money for President Trump’s campaign and his inaugural committee this week landed a slew of corporate clients, eager to tap those connections to help them navigate the new administration. Fifteen clients — ranging from online retail giant Amazon.com to Spanish-language network Univision — signed contracts with Brian Ballard’s new federal lobbying firm, Ballard Partners. He says more corporations will join the roster next week. His lobbying partner, Susie Wiles, managed Trump’s Florida campaign. Ballard said he doesn’t plan to act in a way that’s “exploitative of the relationship” he has with Trump and the White House. But he added: “I do think it’s clear that I understand his thinking, and I think I can provide some strategic counsel.” Trump made “draining the swamp” of Washington special interests a rallying cry of his campaign, but his presidency and the unified Republican control of the nation’s capital have sparked new lobbying opportunities for companies seeking to influence everything from tax policy to Trump’s pledge to slash federal regulations. The new president also has demonstrated he’s willing to single out individual companies. Trump and Amazon had a contentious relationship during the campaign, with Trump taking to Twitter to complain about Amazon founder Jeff Bezos’ ownership of The Washington Post. (After the election, Bezos congratulated Trump on his win and joined other tech executives who met the real-estate magnate in New York. But he has joined dozens of other tech executives who have raised alarms about Trump temporary immigration ban.) During the campaign, Trump had a run-in with a well-known Univision figure, Jorge Ramos. Trump ejected the opinionated anchor from an Iowa news conference last summer after a heated exchange about the then-candidate’s immigration policies. Read more: Jeff Bezos, who once joked about sending Trump to space, changes tune Trump tells tech leaders 'There’s nobody like you in the world' No drained swamp: Trump, GOP Congress sparks lobbying, PR boom Another Washington client for Ballard already signaled its support for Trump. The GEO Group, one of the nation’s largest private-prison operators, donated more than $200,000 in the 2016 election to a pro-Trump super PAC. The company opposed the Obama administration’s move to phase out the use of privately run federal prisons. But the industry views Trump’s law-and-order stance as good for business. GEO Group, based in Florida, is among several of Ballard’s existing state clients expanding with him to Washington, he said. Other Washington clients include the American Health Care Association, the U.S. Sugar Corporation and American Airlines, he said. Ballard has deep ties to the Republican establishment as a top Florida fundraiser for the presidential campaigns of Arizona Sen. John McCain in 2008 and former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney in 2012. Ballard, who has lobbied for the Trump businesses in Florida, initially backed Jeb Bush and then Florida Sen. Marco Rubio in the 2016 Republican presidential primary before joining Trump’s camp. He also served as a finance co-chair of Trump’s inaugural committee, which raised a record $100 million for the real-estate magnate’s swearing-in festivities. Two former top advisers to Trump — his former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski and campaign adviser Barry Bennett — opened a political consulting firm in December. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn President Trump: A new era in Washington begins  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu shake hands during a joint news conference in the East Room of the White House on Feb. 15, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump meets with retail industry leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Feb. 15, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos attend a meeting with parents and teachers on Feb. 14, 2017, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump looks on as Steven Mnuchin is sworn in as Treasury secretary on Feb. 13, 2017.  Alex Wong, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump meets with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in the Oval Office on Feb. 13, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump walks from Marine One on the South Lawn of the White House as he returns from his weekend trip to Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 12, 2017.  Molly Riley, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe listen to the translator after they both made statements about North Korea at Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 11, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen President Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, accompanied by their wives, first lady Melania Trump and Akie Abe, wave before boarding Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base on Feb. 10, 2017.  Jose Luis Magana, AP Fullscreen Trump walks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at the White House on Feb. 10, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen President Trump speaks to Democratic and Republican senators about Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch in the Roosevelt Room on Feb. 9, 2017.  Pool, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump arrives for a meeting with airline executives on Feb. 9, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen President Trump leaves after speaking at the Major Cities Chiefs Association and Major County Sheriff's Association Winter Meeting in Washington on Feb. 8, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Intel CEO Brian Krzanich speaks during a meeting with Trump on Feb. 8, 2017, where Intel announced an investment of $7 billion to build a factory in Chandler, Ariz., to create advanced semi-conductor chips.  Chris Kleponis, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump holds up a gift given to him by county sheriffs following a meeting as they pose for photos in the Oval Office on Feb. 7, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump has lunch with troops during a visit to the U.S. Central Command at MacDill Air Force Base on Feb. 6, 2017, in Tampa, Fla.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen The Trumps watch the Super Bowl at a party at Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach, Fla., on Feb. 5, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen The Trumps arrive for the 60th Annual Red Cross Gala at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., on on Feb. 4, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump walks with first lady Melania Trump on the tarmac after he arrived on Air Force One at the Palm Beach International Airport for a visit to Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 3, 2017.  Joe Raedle, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump waves as he walks from Marine One to board Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base, Md., on Feb. 3, 2017, en route to Mar-a-Lago for the weekend.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks during the beginning of a policy and strategy forum with business executives in the State Dining Room of the White House on Feb. 3, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and Vice President Pence look on as Trump speaks briefly to reporters after greeting Harley Davidson executives on the South Lawn of the White House on Feb. 2, 2017.  Drew Angerer, Getty Images Fullscreen Television producer Mark Burnett, left, and Sen. John Boozman, R-Ark., look on as Trump waves upon his arrival for the National Prayer Breakfast on Feb. 2, 2017, in Washington.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump takes his seat between Paula White of the New Destiny Christian Center and NRA Executive Vice President and CEO Wayne LaPierre at a meeting on his nomination of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court in the Roosevelt Room on Feb. 1, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump shakes hands with Neil Gorsuch, his Supreme Court nominee, in the East Room of the White House on Jan. 31, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump meets with leaders of the pharmaceutical industry at the White House on Jan. 31, 2017.  Nicholas Kamm, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump meets with small-business leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Jan. 30, 2017.  Jim Lo Scalzo, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump speaks on the phone with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in the Oval Office on Jan. 28, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump shakes hands with Defense Secretary James Mattis during an event at the Pentagon on Jan. 27, 2017. Vice President Pence is at right.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump greets British Prime Minister Theresa May as she arrives at the White House on Jan. 27, 2017.  Shawn Thew, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell watch as President Trump arrives to speak to House and Senate GOP lawmakers at the annual policy retreat in Philadelphia on Jan. 26, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump boards Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland on Jan. 26, 2017, as he departed to attend a Republican congressional retreat in Philadelphia.  Nicholas Kamm, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump, accompanied by Vice President Mike Pence, gives a thumbs-up on Jan. 25, 2017, at the White House.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump reads from one of the executive orders he signed during a visit to the Department of Homeland Security with Vice President Mike Pence, Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly and other officials in Washington on Jan. 25, 2017.  Chip Somodevilla, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump arrives for meeting with automobile leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Jan. 24, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump displays one of five executive actions he signed in the Oval Office on Jan. 24, 2017.  Shawn Thew, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump speaks during a reception for House and Senate leaders in the the State Dining Room of the White House on Jan. 23, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump signs executive actions in the Oval Office on Jan. 23, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump meets with business leaders on Jan. 23, 2017, in the Roosevelt Room.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen President Trump holds a letter left for him by former president Barack Obama as Vice President Pence looks on before the swearing-in of the White House senior staff on Jan. 22, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump speaks at the CIA headquarters in Langley, Va., on Jan. 21, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen The Trumps arrive for a National Prayer Service at the National Cathedral on Jan. 21, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen The president and first lady thank guests during the Freedom Ball at the Washington Convention Center on Jan. 20, 2017.  Chip Somodevilla, Getty Images Fullscreen The Trumps and Pences attend the Freedom Ball on Jan. 20, 2017.  Kevin Dietsch, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump waves as he walks with first lady Melania Trump during the inaugural parade on Pennsylvania Avenue.  Evan Vucci, Pool Fullscreen Trump is joined by the congressional leadership and his family as he formally signs his cabinet nominations into law in the Presidents Room of the Senate on Jan. 20, 2017.  J. Scott Applewhite, Pool Photo-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Trump greets House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., and other congressional leaders as he arrives for his inauguration luncheon at the Capitol on Inauguration Day.  J. Scott Applewhite, Pool Fullscreen Trump and Obama arrive for Trump's inauguration luncheon at the Capitol.  J. Scott Applewhite, Pool Fullscreen The Trumps and Obamas stand on the steps of the U.S. Capitol on Jan. 20, 2017.  Rob Carr, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump is seen speaking on video monitor on the National Mall during his inauguration on Jan. 20, 2017.  John Minchillo, AP Fullscreen Trump delivers his inaugural address on Jan. 20, 2017, on the west front of the U.S. Capitol  Porter Binks, USA TODAY Fullscreen Trump takes the oath of office on Jan. 20, 2017, as his family looks on.  Jim Bourg, Pool Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 51 2 of 51 3 of 51 4 of 51 5 of 51 6 of 51 7 of 51 8 of 51 9 of 51 10 of 51 11 of 51 12 of 51 13 of 51 14 of 51 15 of 51 16 of 51 17 of 51 18 of 51 19 of 51 20 of 51 21 of 51 22 of 51 23 of 51 24 of 51 25 of 51 26 of 51 27 of 51 28 of 51 29 of 51 30 of 51 31 of 51 32 of 51 33 of 51 34 of 51 35 of 51 36 of 51 37 of 51 38 of 51 39 of 51 40 of 51 41 of 51 42 of 51 43 of 51 44 of 51 45 of 51 46 of 51 47 of 51 48 of 51 49 of 51 50 of 51 51 of 51 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2llpudn Most Popular 'NYT': Intercepted communications show Trump associates, Russians in contact Reps. Nancy Pelosi, Elijah Cummings fall for fake Flynn account on Twitter 2.5k Shares Black plastic covers windows, blocking reporters' views of Trump golfing 253 Shares Education Dept. torched for misspelling W.E.B. Du Bois in tweet 1.1k Shares Trump rages in ALL CAPS after appeals court rules against him 600 Shares Hillary Clinton takes to Twitter to gloat over court's immigration ruling 494 Shares
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Thursday, February 16, 2017 As of 8:00 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Technology MacBook Pro 2016 tips & tricks to tackle battery drainage; 2017 Apple hybrid may come with significant battery upgrades By Ritwik Roy @ritwikroy1985 on February 16 2017 12:31 AM 0 0 0 0 Phil Schiller, senior vice president of worldwide marketing at Apple, speaks under a graphic of the new MacBook Pro (R) during an Apple media event in Cupertino, California, U.S. October 27, 2016. Reuters/Beck Diefenbach Apple MacBook Pro 2016 buyers were more or less happy with the device’s performance. However, when it came to battery performance, they were thoroughly disappointed. Consumer reports even suspended its recommendation after testing the device. The MacBook Pro 2017 device is expected to get major upgrades to its battery. Apple is said to be making a proprietary chip that can take away some of the load off the device’s Intel processor. Moreover, the macOS Sierra 10.12.3 has reportedly removes bugs that drain the battery away. According to Tech Times, there are certain MacBook Pro 2016 tips and tricks that can significantly enhance the device’s battery life. Users should use Safari, instead of any other browser, even Chrome. This is because Safari performs the best for the MacBook Pro 2016 when it comes to power usage as the program has been designed specifically to not use the AMD graphics processor. Thus, even when a user is using graphics-heavy pages such as Google Maps, it won’t drain much of the battery. Most people already know that background applications drain away a lot of battery. Background has to be cleaned at intervals to remove apps that are not being used currently. All browser tabs must be closed when not in use. If users want to extract 45-60 minutes extra usage from their Apple MacBook Pro 2016, they should watch videos only in full screen mode and also deactivate the closed captioning. Within this state, the laptop draws significantly less power. While these are the main tips to decrease Apple MacBook Pro 2016 battery drainage, CNET has also advised users to dim the screen even though the new screens are 30 percent more power efficient. Apple has shrunk the battery size from 95.5 watt-hours of capacity for the 2015 15-inch MacBook Pro to 76 watt-hours for the 2016 15-inch MacBook Pro. Users must also be aware of the USB devices they are using. These devices fire up the laptop’s communication system that otherwise snooze in a low-power state. Apple MacBook Pro 2016 users should always unplug dongles once they are done with their work. The new USB-C ports are amazing only when one has the right cables and peripherals. The Apple MacBook Pro 2017 is a highly-anticipated device that may come with an Intel Kaby Lake processor and QHD+ Display that may significantly improve battery life. Stay tuned on IBT AU for more updates on Apple’s Mac products. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Dell XPS 15 vs Apple MacBook Pro 2016 New MacBook Pro is a 'disappointment,' says Microsoft Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 ‘Better Call Saul’ season 3: Bob Odenkirk reasons show’s late coming 0 Shares 2 'Better Call Saul' season 3: Gus Fring's modest return to the world of Jimmy McGill 0 Shares 3 Guns N’ Roses rock Melbourne, apologise over 'Hello Sydney!' mistake 0 Shares 4 LG G6 to settle with Snapdragon 821 chip 0 Shares 5 NBA Trade Deadline: Raptors, Clippers trying to acquire Danilo Gallinari from Nuggets 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Leaked pictures from South Africa set 0 Shares 7 ‘Peaky Blinders’ season 4 confirmed 0 Shares 8 Roger Federer reveals three keys to longevity, diet regimen, day-to-day schedule, eating habits 0 Shares 9 ‘Vikings’ season 5: Lothbrok brothers are ‘gonna be at each other’s throats’ 0 Shares 10 ‘The Walking Dead’ season 7, episode 9 spoilers: What to expect 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed NAB survey shows stronger Australia economy Woolworths and Microsoft assure faster online service Apple Inc. reaches AU$909 billion market value Iron ore prices witness surge to reach US$90 Etsy brings good news for creative entrpreneurs, DYIers CSL revenue approaches US$600 million More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance Man's dead body found in Sydney factory Small 2.7-magnitude earthquake rattles Adelaide Australian man whose girlfriend died in jet-ski crash pleads guilty Killer clown sentenced to 6 months for terrorising pregnant British woman with axe Australian community destroyed by bushfire Ku Klux Klan leader's wife, stepson charged with murder More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Jeremy Lin injury update: Brooklyn Nets PG ready to return post All-Star break NBA Trade Deadline: Cavaliers interested in Lakers guard Lou Williams Raptors acquire Serge Ibaka from Magic for Terrence Ross and future draft pick Adam Voges retires from Tests with batting average of 61.87 Reggie Jackson trade: Pelicans, Magic and Timberwolves vying for Pistons point guard NBA Trade Deadline: Warriors could sign Larry Sanders, not looking for trades More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More More NES Classic Editions soon; ‘Fire Emblem Heroes’ available on iOS & Android Samsung Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6s: Camera comparison [VIDEO] 'The Last Of Us 2' is 'a story worthy of Joel and Ellie' 'Final Fantasy XV' director hints at PC compatibility 8Pack OrionX: The most expensive gaming PC Researchers call to end long work hours for Australians More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'Justice League' cast updates: Laurence Fishburne ends speculations; explains why he won't be in the DC movie 'Wonder Woman' spoilers: Showrunners' Twitter activity sparks fan theories that Arnold Schwazenegger might join the cast soon Marvel gets fans in stitches in new 'Team Thor' spoof video, featuring roommate Darryl [Watch] 'General Hospital' spoilers for Feb. 16, 2017: Nina grows suspicious; Liz takes a stand; Kiki and Dillon reconnect 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' spoilers: New planet details 'Orphan Black' season 5 news: Tatiana Maslany and the clones return as final season gets a premiere date More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Global Internet of Things Security Market 2017-2021 News provided by Reportlinker Feb 15, 2017, 18:21 ET Share this article NEW YORK, Feb. 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- About IoT Security IoT refers to the communication between connected devices within a network. Data is transmitted between smart devices, such as thermostats and sensors, which are further connected to the user's mobile devices. The interconnection of embedded hardware devices, communication services, software, and IT services makes the operations of IoT devices efficient. It helps in remote monitoring and management of numerous interconnected devices. IoT also enables the creation of smart homes, smart shopping, smart transportation, and smart healthcare. Technavio's analysts forecast the global IoT security market to grow at a CAGR of 47.91% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global IoT security market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of network security solutions, including hardware, software, and services (including managed services). The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Technavio's report, Global IoT Security Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Cisco - Wurldtech Security Technologies - IBM - Infineon Technologies - Intel - Symantec Other prominent vendors - Cypress - Digi International - Ericsson - Eurotech - Fortinet - Gemalto - Kore Wireless - NetComm Wireless - Nokia - Numerex - Palo Alto Networks - PTC (Axeda) - Rockwell Automation - Secure Crossing - Sierra Wireless - Sophos - Systech Solutions - Telit - Tofino - Ventus Wireless Market driver - Proliferation of connected devices and high data generation resulting in exploitation of data security gaps - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Need for high investment in IoT security infrastructure - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Shift toward multifactor authentication - For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report - What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? - What are the key market trends? - What is driving this market? - What are the challenges to market growth? - Who are the key vendors in this market space? - What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? - What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst's time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Methodology Research methodology is based on extensive primary and secondary research. Primary research includes in-depth interviews with industry experts, vendors, resellers and customers. Secondary research includes Technavio Platform, industry publications, company reports, news articles, analyst reports, trade associations and the data published by Government agencies. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04647375-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-internet-of-things-security-market-2017-2021-300408432.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com Feb 15, 2017, 18:22 ET Preview: Global Market Study on Car Electronics & Communication Accessories: Passenger Cars Vehicle Type Segment Expected to Dominate the Market Feb 15, 2017, 18:18 ET Preview: Global Smart Well Market 2017-2021 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Feb 15, 2017, 21:42 ETMethanol Industry Outlook in the US to 2020 - Market Size,... Feb 15, 2017, 20:01 ET2017-2021 US Immunodiagnostics Market: Supplier Shares and Sales... Explore More news releases in similar topics High Tech Security Computer Electronics Publishing & Information Services Networks Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Internet of Things Security Market 2017-2021 News provided by Reportlinker Feb 15, 2017, 18:21 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 20,612 +107.45 +0.52% Nasdaq 5,819 +36.87 +0.64% S&P 500 2,349 +11.67 +0.50% 4:03 A.M. ET Airbus faces court battle with Austrian ministry 3:57 A.M. ET Updated This may be the one currency call Trump’s administration got right 3:54 A.M. ET Nestlé sales miss target; plans cost cuts 3:37 A.M. ET Death of Kim Jong Nam: Second woman arrested over airport attack 3:25 A.M. ET Opinion Multinationals learn the limits of being big 3:24 A.M. ET Cobham sinks 22% after writedown, guidance cut 3:22 A.M. ET Updated The Nasdaq is partying like it’s 1999, by this metric 3:21 A.M. ET Updated How one key Trump trade has regained its fizz — in one chart 3:11 A.M. ET Fiat Chrysler climbs 1.4% after car sales jump 15% in Europe 3:10 A.M. ET Nestle slips 1.4% at the open after sales slow 3:08 A.M. ET Updated What’s behind Russia’s jauntier mood? Way more than Trump, says this bank CEO 3:07 A.M. ET Updated The reflation trade is back on 3:06 A.M. ET Updated The stock market is doing so much winning, Wall Street is thinking Nasdaq 6,000 3:05 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens flat at 4,925.30 3:05 A.M. ET Updated Yellen may have offered the clearest explanation for the stock market’s record run 3:05 A.M. ET Updated ‘Mellow’ Charlie Munger says Trump ‘not wrong on everything’ 3:04 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens flat around 11,794.25 3:04 A.M. ET Updated Small businesses to strike Thursday to protest Trump’s immigration policies 3:03 A.M. ET Updated How U.S. crude-oil inventories rose to their highest level ever 3:03 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% lower at 7,282.15 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Time Warner shareholders approve $85.4 billion AT&T merger Home Press Release Global Internet of Things Security Market 2017-2021 By Published: Feb 15, 2017 6:21 p.m. ET Share NEW YORK, Feb. 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- About IoT Security IoT refers to the communication between connected devices within a network. Data is transmitted between smart devices, such as thermostats and sensors, which are further connected to the user's mobile devices. The interconnection of embedded hardware devices, communication services, software, and IT services makes the operations of IoT devices efficient. It helps in remote monitoring and management of numerous interconnected devices. IoT also enables the creation of smart homes, smart shopping, smart transportation, and smart healthcare. Technavio's analysts forecast the global IoT security market to grow at a CAGR of 47.91% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global IoT security market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of network security solutions, including hardware, software, and services (including managed services). The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Technavio's report, Global IoT Security Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Cisco - Wurldtech Security Technologies - IBM - Infineon Technologies - Intel - Symantec Other prominent vendors - Cypress - Digi International - Ericsson - Eurotech - Fortinet - Gemalto - Kore Wireless - NetComm Wireless - Nokia - Numerex - Palo Alto Networks - PTC (Axeda) - Rockwell Automation - Secure Crossing - Sierra Wireless - Sophos - Systech Solutions - Telit - Tofino - Ventus Wireless Market driver - Proliferation of connected devices and high data generation resulting in exploitation of data security gaps - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Need for high investment in IoT security infrastructure - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Shift toward multifactor authentication - For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report - What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? - What are the key market trends? - What is driving this market? - What are the challenges to market growth? - Who are the key vendors in this market space? - What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? - What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst's time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Methodology Research methodology is based on extensive primary and secondary research. Primary research includes in-depth interviews with industry experts, vendors, resellers and customers. Secondary research includes Technavio Platform, industry publications, company reports, news articles, analyst reports, trade associations and the data published by Government agencies. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04647375-summary/view-report.htmlAbout Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place.http://www.reportlinker.com__________________________Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.comUS: (339)-368-6001Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-internet-of-things-security-market-2017-2021-300408432.html SOURCE Reportlinker Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular The stock market is doing so much winning, Wall Street is thinking Nasdaq 6,000 The reflation trade is back on Intelligence officials withhold sensitive information from Trump: report The tipping point for renewable energy is nearly here NetApp finally catches up, but may already be behind MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Warehouses are the new mansions View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for the tech industry View More Sponsored Content Realtor.com: The 5 biggest mistakes veteran and military home buyers make View More Financial News Executive stress on the rise for finance workers View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet Could going beyond Moore’s Law open trillion dollar markets? 16:56 February 16, 2017PressRelease 0 comments Press Release – Multicore World Technology is advancing at a faster rate than societys expectations, says Paul Fenwick, keynote speaker at Multicore World 2017, Wellington, February 20 – 22Press Release #2– Multicore World 2017 Could going beyond Moore’s Law open trillion dollar markets for New Zealand? “Technology is advancing at a faster rate than society’s expectations,” says Paul Fenwick, keynote speaker at Multicore World 2017, Wellington, February 20 – 22 “We can go from science fiction to consumer availability, with very little in the way of discussion in between. But the questions they raise are critically important,” says the Australian, one of a number of global experts at a world leading forum on what is possible with vastly underutilised computing processing power now available. “Not many look at critical questions such as ‘What happens when self-driving vehicles cause unemployment, when medical expert systems work on behalf of insurance agencies rather than patients, and weapon platforms make their own lethal decisions,” he says. Conference Director Nicolas Erdody says MW17 is much more than a talk-fest. Erdody says that 90% of all the data in the world has been generated in the past two years; a pattern that will keep repeating. “How on earth will we process these massive amounts of data, and actually make meaningful sense and use of it,” he asks? Among some of the industry, academic and research experts is Prof Michelle Simmons. She is an Australian Research Council Laureate Fellow and Director at the Centre for Quantum Computation & Communication Technology, UNSW. She will describe “the emerging field of quantum information, a response to the fact that device miniaturization will soon reach the atomic limit, set by the discreteness of matter, leading to intensified research in alternative approaches for creating logic devices of the future”. Prof Satoshi Matsuoka (Japan) will present his keynote “Flops to Bytes: Accelerating Beyond Moore’s Law” and Dr John Gustafson (former Director of Intel Labs, now Visiting Professor at the National University of Singapore) will reveal a new data type called “posit”, that provide a better solution for “approximate computing”. In this context, New Zealander Prof Michael Kelly, Prince Philip Professor of Technology from the University of Cambridge (UK) will ask in his keynote “How Might the Manufacturability of the Hardware at Device Level Impact on Exascale Computing?” Dr Nathan DeBardeleben from Los Alamos National Labs (US) will discuss how “supercomputer resilience and fault-tolerance are increasingly challenging areas of extreme-scale computer research as agencies and companies strive to solve the most critical problems.” In his talk he will “discuss how data analytics and machine learning techniques are being applied to influence the design, procurement, and operation of some of the world’s largest supercomputers” “The assemblage of big brains around multicore computing and parallel programming will pose questions and answers as the world moves towards exascale computing in the next decade. Being part of such discussions can position New Zealand technologists, entrepreneurs and scientists at the intersection of two massive global markets that will benefit this country’s future growth: Decision-Making (estimated in $2 Trillion) and Food and Agriculture (estimated in $5 Trillion)”, says Nicolas Erdody, Open Parallel CEO and MW17 Conference Organiser The 6th annual Multicore World, to be held at Shed 6 will discuss these and other Big Questions. MW17 will be three days of intensive talks, panels and discussion in a ‘think-tank’ format that allows plenty of time for one on one meetings. The conference is organised by Open Parallel Ltd (New Zealand) and sponsored by MBIE, Catalyst IT, NZRise and Oracle Labs ENDS Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url Trackback-URL  Print This Post comments feed for this post Tweet   No comments yet. Write a comment: You must be logged in to post a comment.   Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares fall as Spark earnings disappoint NZ dollar extends gains on Trump Factor concern Abano shareholders consider 100% takeover bid Fonterra sees smaller decline in 2017 milk production Minister welcomes NZ rocket launch milestone Contract and Commercial Law Bill passed NZ’s iron sand deposits a ‘world-class’ resource Brian Gaynor steps back at Milford Broadband bargain-hunting forces Spark to change tack Joyce Talks the Talk, Now Walk the Walk New Zealand businesses set for asset buying spree Bad Idea: TPPA without the USA National Government challenged to debate pensions Govt refusal to allow regional petrol tax slammed Decision to rule out regional fuel tax welcomed Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2017 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookGoogle+Log In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop Good Gear Guide > Reviews > Samsung 960 Pro NVMe SSD review: Ludicrously fast ... Samsung 960 Pro NVMe SSD review: Ludicrously fast PC storage This 2TB rocket of an M.2 NVMe drive is the fastest storage available for your PC. Jon L. Jacobi (PC World (US online)) on 17 December, 2016 02:00 0 - - - - print email When I was testing Samsung’s new 960 Pro M.2/NVMe SSD, a coworker looking over my shoulder at the results declared, “That’s sick!” High praise in today’s parlance, and a direct response to this drive’s incredible speed. It’s a phrase I continued to voice silently as I saw read and write numbers of 2.7GBps and 1.7GBps, respectively, pop up. And that was from the super-conservative AS SSD benchmark with non-compressible data; CrystalDiskMark 5 boasted reads and writes of 3.5GBps and 2.17GBps, respectively, with a 2GB data set. Whoa. Price and capacity At the time of this writing, the 960 Pro is priced around 63 to 72 cents per gigabyte on Amazon: $372 for the 512GB version, $630 for the 1TB model, and $1,299 for the 2TB version. That’s right, there’s a 2TB model thanks to the Samsung 3D/stacked-layer NAND employed on the drives. If you’ve been holding off on M.2/NVMe because of the relatively low capacity (1TB isn’t enough?) then the 960 Pro should eliminate that argument, if not the cost issue. The warranty for the 960 Pro is basically five years, or 400TBW (terabytes written) for the 512GB drive, 800TBW for the 1TB model, and 1,200TBW for the 2TB version. Yes, less of a warranty for your $1,300. Go figure. Our best guess is that getting to 2TB required using less over-provisioning, i.e. NAND set aside to replace failed cells. Regardless, all three ratings are far more than most users will hit over the warranty period, and probably a lot longer. Samsung Samsung’s scintillatingly fast 960 Pro M.2, PCIe/NVMe SSD. Testing, retesting... The write numbers I quoted above are absolutely real, but it took a bit of effort plus a retest to get them. My first test with AS SSD, which uses the FUA (Force Unit Access) command to bypass all caching (for Windows and the drive), saw only 170MBps writing. Not unexpected. What was unexpected was 170MBps in our real-world write tests, which don’t force access. It was puzzling, but I’m guessing that by running these tests immediately following AS SSD, the early 960 firmware was still obeying the FUA command. Other oddities ensued, and then the drive itself died (this happens from time to time with review hardware). The replacement drive I received performed more as advertised. Even in AS SSD, where it really shouldn’t have, given bypassed caching. I’m still investigating, but Samsung hasn’t chimed in at the time of this writing. The upshot is, you should get the numbers I quote as long as you don’t turn off write caching for the drive (Device Manager>Disk Drives>Drive Properties>Policies). The 960 Pro ships with 1MB of DRAM cache for every 1GB of NAND. If the 960 Pro is like other SSDs, a relatively small percentage of that is used for write or read caching, with the majority used for data allocation tables (copied from the NAND). But with the speeds I saw, I’m guessing DRAM caching might play a bigger part than with, say, a SATA SSD. Whatever Samsung is doing, it works. The 1TB 960 Pro we tested is a beast in the very best sense of the word. Peep the purple bars below. Impressive. When it comes to benchmarks, the 960 Pro blows away the competition. And the benchmarks generally are indicative of the impact on everyday Windows performance. On the other hand, the real-world copy tests shown below displayed some mild improvement in sustained throughput, but also revealed the practical limits of what a “faster” NVMe SSD can do for you. While the benchmarks above show drastic improvement, real-world copy performance and hands-on, subjective Windows performance don’t mirror them. That’s of course comparing the 960 Pro to other NVMe SSDs, the slowest of which eliminates most storage lag. Compared to SATA hard drives or SSDs? We’re talking light years better. For sustained throughput, the 960 Pro shows significant improvement over the 950 Pro and is quite a bit better than Intel’s 750. But the smaller file and folder write numbers (at the top) are actually a bit worse than the previous generation. As you can also see, the Intel 750, which is a PCIe card SSD and not suitable for laptops, is very fast with the 20GB folder of smaller files. Intel has previously informed us that the company’s SSDs are tuned specifically for servers with their high volume of I/O requests for smaller bits of data, and closely interact with the company’s Rapid Storage Technology (RST) to some benefit. That’s my guess about the drive’s dominance in that test. The 960 Pro turned in great numbers. What do they mean? So much of what makes Windows and applications seem slow is storage-related, so switching to any NVMe can make a system seem sensationally faster. As for the 960 Pro in particular, it’s easily the best consumer NVMe SSD for those who deal regularly with large files. The only caveat is that your system must support booting from NVMe to make the best use of it (i.e. make the operating system faster). Many PCs do not. Note: The 512MB version of the 960 Pro is a bit slower due to fewer chips and channels to distribute the data over. Conclusion and buying advice If your laptop or desktop supports the 960 Pro, then it’s the consumer-grade NVMe SSD you want. Assuming the price is competitive, that is. If you find others at substantial savings, you’ll be nearly as impressed. Copying 20GB in 11 seconds as opposed to 12 isn’t an earthshaking difference, and the 960 Pro is merely average for an NVMe drive when it comes to smaller data requests. Where the 960 Pro is truly unique is in offering 2TB of storage on a single 2,280mm stick—a huge plus for deep-pocket users dealing with lots of data. But for PCs, or laptops with two drive bays, it’s nearly as effective to get a smaller NVMe SSD for your OS, and use a larger SATA SSD or hard drive for auxiliary storage. I run my work system that way and rarely notice the difference. That said, if someone dropped a 2TB 960 Pro in my lap, I’d gladly alter my setup to accommodate it. Trends In Document Management Show The MFP To Be Centre Of Business Productivity And Efficiency More from Sharp Corporation Join the Good Gear Guide newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags hard driveSSDsamsunghard drivesHard Disk Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Jon L. Jacobi PC World (US online) Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Essentials Microsoft L5V-00027 Sculpt Ergonomic Keyboard Desktop Learn more > Linksys AC5400 MU-MIMO Gigabit router Learn more > Epson EcoTank Expression ET-2500 Learn more > Samsung portable 1TB T3 drive Learn more > UE Boom 2 Bluetooth speaker Learn more > Everki ContemPRO Roll Top Laptop Backpack Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive Learn more > Smart LED Bulb LB130 Learn more > Mobile Huawei Mate 9 Learn more > Belkin MIXIT Metallic Lightning to USB Cable Learn more > 3SIXT Ultra HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Logitech G403 Prodigy mouse Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S45 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > Acer Swift 7 Learn more > Surface Book Learn more > Google Daydream VR headset Learn more > Lexar® Portable SSD  Learn more > Exec Lexar® JumpDrive® C20c USB Type-C flash drive  Learn more > Blade 28 backpack by Arc’teryx Learn more > Surface Pro 4 Learn more > Dell XPS 13 laptop Learn more > Lexar® Professional 1800x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards  Learn more > Garmin Fenix Chronos smartwatch Learn more > HD Pan/Tilt Wi-Fi Camera with Night Vision NC450 Learn more > Dell P2715Q Learn more > HP Pavilion x360 13” Learn more > Dell Inspiron 5000 series 2-in-1 Learn more > Audio-Technica ATH-ANC70 Noise Cancelling Headphones Learn more > Budget Canon EOS 1300d Learn more > Jabra Sport Pace earbuds Learn more > Evapolar USB air conditioner review Learn more > Smart Wi-Fi Plug HS110 Learn more > Oppo R9s Learn more > Lifeproof Fre phone case Learn more > Samsung 960 EVO M.2 hard drive Learn more > Boost Mobile SIM Learn more > Back To Business Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Star Wars Death Star Bluetooth levitating rotating speaker review 2 ​Finally! LG OLED TV 2016 range review 3 ​Fetch TV Mighty review: Better than Foxtel 4 ​Fetch TV Mini review: Make your TV a smart TV 5 ​Panasonic Viera DX900U UHD 4K smart TV review Latest News Articles ​Venom Blackbook Zero 14 laptop review Apple smartphones outsold Samsung's in Q4 What happens if your thermostat is hacked? Researchers name the top 7 security threats Chromebooks beyond the cloud: Everything Chromebooks can do offline War of the Worlds Episode 4: VR gloves, Samsung's ongoing battery problems, Snapchat TV, and more Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Michael Hargreaves Dell XPS 13 I’d happily recommend this touchscreen laptop and Windows 10 as a great way to get serious work done at a desk or on the road. Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content How to quit Pokemon Go (or to start enjoying it again) Japan's pop culture, anime-friendly, J-Pop shrine, Kanda Myojin The top 10 best and worst tech gadgets and products of 2016 Which flagship TV is best? Sony 4K HDR Bravia 2016 versus LG 4K HDR OLED 2016 10 Blu-ray movies / Best looking Blu-ray movies Latest Jobs Latest Jobs FTDynamics AX Functional ConsultantVIC FTSenior Front End DeveloperVIC CCNetwork ArchitectWA CCIT Support TechnicianNSW CCCommercial Contract AdministratorACT TPDeployment Specialist (DevOps)QLD TPIT Project ManagerNSW CCBusiness AnalystQLD CCMarketing SpecialistNSW TPPMO SchedulerNSW FTSenior Full Stack .Net Developer - Internet of ThingsNSW CCSenior Project Coordinator - Banking/Financial ServicesNSW CCProject Manager - Adelaide basedVIC FTSenior Dot Net Backend Orientated DeveloperNSW TPSenior Analyst Programmer - ContractQLD FTSenior Information Security ConsultantQLD TPSenior IT Business AnalystNSW FTSenior .Net DeveloperVIC FTLead Drupal Developer - Gold CoastQLD CCBusiness AnalystNSW CCDigital Communications ManagerNSW CCNetwork EngineerNSW FTFront End DeveloperNSW TPBusiness AnalystVIC TPImplementation Business Partner - Business ModernisationNSW Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles South Australia aims to cut costs with CSC deal computerworld.com.au US legislation revived to curb warrantless geolocation tracking cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au CSC wins landmark South Australian Government IT outsourcing deal arnnet.com.au CMO's top 8 martech stories for the week - 16 February 2017 cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Michael Flynn Donald Trump ObamaCare SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Perez interrupted by progressive protesters Blog Briefing Room — 4h 23m ago Report: Trump ally to review intelligence agencies Administration — 4h 45m ago Chaffetz asks DOJ inspector general to investigate Flynn leaks House — 5h 25m ago Report: ICE detains domestic violence victim in court Administration — 6h 6m ago Report: Intelligence officials withhold information from Trump Administration — 6h 42m ago Jake Tapper fires back: Media didn't fire Flynn, Trump did Blog Briefing Room — 6h 47m ago Venezuela cuts CNN in Spanish Blog Briefing Room — 6h 50m ago Corker: Senate GOP discussing best path for Russia probe Floor Action — 6h 51m ago view all   Overnight Defense: Dems raise pressure for Flynn probe | Trump blames leaks for ouster | Mattis pushes NATO on spending By Rebecca Kheel - 02/15/17 06:07 PM EST 0   © Greg Nash THE TOPLINE: The resignation of Michael Flynn and the Trump team's alleged contacts with Russia dominated headlines Wednesday, as Democrats stepped up their demands for an independent investigation. Senate Democrats held an emergency caucus meeting on the issue Wednesday. The Hill's Alexander Bolton has the dispatch: Following an emergency Democratic caucus meeting Wednesday, Senate Minority Leader Charles SchumerCharles SchumerPerez interrupted by progressive protesters Overnight Cybersecurity: Trump defends Flynn, blasts leaks | Yahoo fears further breach Overnight Finance: Trump's Labor pick withdraws | Ryan tries to save tax plan | Trump pushes tax reform with retailers MORE (N.Y.) warned that Trump officials might try to cover up improper contacts with Russian intelligence. Schumer said there is legitimate concern that President Trump's circle of advisers may try to destroy evidence that could shed light on the substance of reported conversations with Russian agents. ADVERTISEMENT "There is real concern that administration, transition and campaign officials may try to cover up ties to Russia by deleting emails, texts and other records that could shine a light on those connections," Schumer said at a press conference outside the Senate chamber following the meeting. Read the rest here. AND IN THE HOUSE: Meanwhile, House Democrats say they've lost faith in House Republican leaders to investigate Flynn's ties to Russia. From The Hill's Mike Lillis: The Democrats are pointing in particular at House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (R-Calif.), who said he won't investigate Flynn's discussion with a Russian diplomat, citing executive privilege, but wants to probe the leaks that led to Flynn's ouster. "Our colleague from California has said he doesn't plan on doing an investigation, so I think to turn to the chairman who has already said he doesn't want to do it is crazy," Rep. Zoe Lofgren (D-Calif.), a senior member of the Judiciary Committee, said Wednesday. Read more here. House Democrats also unveiled a bill Wednesday that would require congressional auto lift sanctions on Russia. The bill had a couple Republican co-sponsors, too. Again, from The Hill's Lillis: The legislation is designed "to ensure that Russia receives no sanctions relief until it earns it," in the words of Minority Whip Steny Hoyer (D-Md.), a sponsor of the bill. "Clearly, there has been some confusion as to exactly the status of sanctions that exist," Hoyer said. Rep. Adam SchiffAdam SchiffPresident rekindles feud with intelligence agencies Intel Dem: House GOP now open to investigating Flynn Overnight Defense: Dems raise pressure for Flynn probe | Trump blames leaks for ouster | Mattis pushes NATO on spending MORE (Calif.), senior Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said the recent resignation of national security adviser Michael Flynn over discussions he had with the Russian ambassador have only heightened the need for Congress to empower itself to monitor the administration's sanctions approach. Read more here. TRUMP BLAMES MEDIA AND LEAKS: Meanwhile, Trump came to Flynn's defense, saying he was treated badly by "fake media." The Hill's Jordan Fabian and Lisa Hagen have the story: "I think he's been treated very, very unfairly by the media -- as I call it, the fake media, in many cases," Trump said at a press conference Wednesday with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. "I think it's really a sad thing he was treated so badly." Trump's first in-person reaction to Flynn's exit appeared to contradict the account of his top spokesman, who said Tuesday that the president demanded the aide's resignation because of an "eroding level of trust" over his conversations with Russia. Trump called Flynn a "wonderful man" and doubled down on his condemnation of the leaks from the intelligence community that exposed Flynn misled senior officials in the White House about his conversations with Russia's ambassador. Those conversations took place the day that then-President Obama imposed sanctions on Russia for its interference in the election. Read the rest here. MATTIS PUTS NATO ON NOTICE: As the Russia controversy raged stateside, Defense Secretary James Mattis was at his first meeting at NATO as Pentagon chief, where he gave the alliance a stern warning: Pay more or the U.S. will "moderate its commitment." "I owe it to you all to give you clarity on the political reality in the United States, and to state the fair demand from my country's people in concrete terms," Mattis said during the closed-door meeting, according to reporters in Brussels who were given the prepared remarks. "America will meet its responsibilities, but if your nations do not want to see America moderate its commitment to the alliance, each of your capitals needs to show its support for our common defense." Mattis's comments come shortly after he called the alliance a "fundamental bedrock" for the U.S. in public remarks before the meeting. Read more here. ON TAP FOR TOMORROW: A House Armed Services subcommittee will hold a hearing on the F-35 fighter jet program at 9 a.m. at the Rayburn House Office Building, room 2212. http://bit.ly/2lx9guM The House Foreign Affairs Committee will hear from outside experts on the future of U.S. policy on Iraq at 10 a.m. at Rayburn 2172. http://bit.ly/2kPWloG ICYMI: -- The Hill: Joint Chiefs chairman to meet with Russian counterpart -- The Hill: Report: DOD considers recommending ground troops for Syria -- The Hill: Top Intelligence Dem: Trump 'was OK with Flynn being dishonest' -- The Hill: Flynn's security clearance suspended: CNN -- The Hill: Trump picks Flynn replacement: report -- The Hill: Dems press White House counsel on Flynn firing -- The Hill: House Dems: Force Flynn to testify before Foreign Affairs panel Please send tips and comments to Rebecca Kheel, rkheel@thehill.com  Follow us on Twitter: @thehill, @Rebecca_H_K Tags Charles Schumer, Adam Schiff   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 GOP senators unnerved by Trump-... Senate Republicans are expressing growing concerns about the relationship... 366 Shares 2 FBI releases documents related to... The FBI on Wednesday released hundreds of pages of its notes surrounding... 299 Shares 3 Report: Intelligence officials... The information was withheld from the president in fear that that it would... 238 Shares 4 Schwarzenegger rips gerrymandering... Arnold Schwarzenegger says Congress is so unpopular that lawmakers “couldn... 157 Shares 5 'Morning Joe' host says show will... Co-host Mika Brzezinski says she will no longer allow senior White House... 156 Shares 6 Overnight Finance: Trump's Labor... Puzder withdraws nomination for Labor secretary: Andy Puzder on Wednesday... 115 Shares 7 Schumer warns of possible cover-up... Following an emergency Democratic caucus meeting Wednesday, Senate... 97 Shares 8 Cyber executive order a reasonable... OPINION | The cybersecurity EO is a well thought out and reasonable step... 97 Shares 9 House panel votes against... The House Ways and Means Committee on Tuesday rejected a Democratic push... 86 Shares 10 Priebus, Bannon trash reports of... In a joint phone call with The Hill on Wednesday, White House chief of... 83 Shares 11 Report: Trump aiming to sign... The Senate is expected to vote on Scott Pruitt's nomination this week. 71 Shares 12 Under Armour CEO walks back... Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank on Wednesday published a full-page ad in his... 68 Shares 13 GOP senator calls for exhaustive... Sen. Roy Blunt (R-Mo.) on Tuesday said there should be an exhaustive... 67 Shares 14 Humana to drop out of ObamaCare at... The insurer said the market has not stabilized enough to participate next... 61 Shares 15 'Day Without a Woman' strike set... The group behind the Women’s March on Washington in protest of Donald... 61 Shares 16 Chaffetz asks DOJ inspector... 'We have serious concerns about the potential protection of classified... 55 Shares 17 Trump signs repeal of transparency... The regulation would have required energy companies to disclose their... 55 Shares 18 Report: Trump ally to review... Feinberg is a member of Trump's economic advisory council and is a co-... 54 Shares 19 The worst job in Washington?... OPINION | Donald McGahn, who serves as President Trump's Oval Office... 51 Shares 20 McCain announces opposition to... McCain becomes first GOP senator to oppose Mick Mulvaney's nomination. 49 Shares 21 Michael Moore to Trump: 'Vacate... "What part of 'vacate you Russian traitor' don't you understand?" liberal... 49 Shares 22 Report: ICE detains domestic... An undocumented woman who was allegedly a victim of domestic violence was... 48 Shares 23 Trump staffers using app that... Trump administration staffers are reportedly communicating by using an... 47 Shares 24 Flynn puts FBI director back in... The spotlight is back on FBI Director James Comey thanks to Michael Flynn’... 47 Shares 25 Trump failed his own test on good... Throughout the presidential campaign, Donald Trump repeated a particular... 46 Shares 26 Jake Tapper fires back: Media didn... "The media, of course, did not fire General Flynn. President Trump did." 44 Shares 27 Flynn's security clearance... The suspension is a normal administrative move for clearances under "... 44 Shares 28 GOP rep: Intelligence community... Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) questioned the veracity of assessments by the... 43 Shares 29 President rekindles feud with... President Trump is reigniting his feud with the intelligence community,... 43 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Home News New England U.S. & World Weather Health Tech Weird Making the Grade Making a Difference Suffolk In The City Weather Forecast Weather New England Maps & Radar School Closing Alerts Weather Alerts Weather Stories StormRanger Business CEO Corner Chief Execs Club Does It Work? TWIB On the Lookout Money Saving Mondays Politics The Take DC Dialogue Entertainment Sports Traffic Contact Us TV Listings 33° Connect Social Media Our Apps Newsletters Send us Videos and Pictures Send Tips Submit Tips Send Feedback Terms of Service Privacy Policy Visit our partner sites Massachusetts The latest news from around the state Connecticut|Maine|Massachusetts|New Hampshire|Rhode Island|Vermont Natick Couple Celebrates 70th Anniversary By Desiree Wiley NEWSLETTERS Receive the latest new-england updates in your inbox Privacy policy | More Newsletters UP NEXT X Natick Couple Celebrates 70th Anniversary Link Embed Copy Close Link to this video http://www.necn.com/on-air/as-seen-on/WEB-natick-anniversary-NBC4_NECN-413881623.html Copy Close Embed this video <script type="text/javascript" charset="UTF-8" src="http://www.necn.com/portableplayer/?cmsID=413881623&videoID=sm3rswE5KIf4&origin=necn.com&sec=news&subsec=new-england&width=600&height=360"></script> Replay More videos (1 of 9) «» Dorothy and William Doyle are celebrating their anniversary Wednesday. They have been married since 1947, and they have a lot of great stories to tell. (Published Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017) Love is standing the test of time for a Massachusetts couple celebrating their 70th marriage anniversary on Wednesday. "We grew up together and we've been together a long time," said Dorothy Doyle, of Natick, who's 91-years-old. Trump's Labor Secretary Pick Withdraws Nomination Dorothy and William Doyle were married seven decades ago. The two grew up together in Manhattan and fell in love when they were just 14 and 16 years old. "We danced together and that started it all," said Dorothy. Analysis: Few Good Alternatives to Palestine State She and William, 93, shared their first dance together while at a school function. She says the butterflies in her stomach were uncontrollable. "She taught me how to dance the fox trot," said William. Trump Quiet on Russian Ship Off US Coast, Cruise Missile When asked to describe their first dance, William laughed and said it was "hazardous." He may have stepped on Dorothy's toes a bit, but she didn't mind. 'Firefall' Returns to Light Up Yosemite National Park "I was so happy," she said. After grammar school, Dorothy went on to high school and William went off to war. He served on a submarine in World War II, separated from his love for 19 months. More Than 55,000 US Bridges Structurally Deficient: Report "We communicated by letters," he said. While home on leave during his service, the two went to a jewelry store in New York City and choose Dorothy's engagement ring. NYC Police Use Stun Gun on Pregnant Teen in Scuffle: Video "We got engaged when I got back on leave," said William. "I knew I was going to marry him, and he knew he was going to marry me," Dorothy explained. "There wasn't much to say about it." Pope Francis: Native People Have Rights Over Their Lands "It was a forgone conclusion," William said with a chuckle. There they stood at the altar to become husband and wife on Feb. 15, 1947, during a 10 a.m. mass at a church on Long Island. Pentagon Chief Says NATO Members Must Boost Defense Spending Nine months later, they found out they'd be expecting their first child. "We just made it to nine months," Dorothy said laughing. Trump Aides Spoke to Russian Intel Before Elections: Report They went on to have five more children. "We didn't have room for six children, but that didn't seem to matter. We just had them," said William. "And we loved them." Husband's Valentine's Day Surprise: Lobster a la L Train "They were all good children," said Dorothy. "They gave us a few problems now and then, but nothing serious. They showed us a lot of love and they still are." In the early 1970s, they moved to Vermont after buying a country store and opening a bed and breakfast. By that time, their kids were in college and they found ways to keep busy and keep working. "We were on the beach one day and Bill was reading the Times and he said 'Oh look, a prominent family is looking for a couple to cook.' So I applied," said Dorothy. "It was for Ralph Lauren." They worked for the Lauren family for eight months and then returned home to Vermont. The Doyles have shared a wealth of knowledge with their six kids, 11 grandchildren and seven great grandchildren. "They taught us to be progressive thinkers and they showed us those things by doing it themselves," said Anne Doyle, their fourth child. The two have also lived in and traveled to many places like Paris, London, Ireland and Italy. "My father had the ideas and my mother made them happen," said Anne. When asked what has kept them married for 70 years, William and Dorothy said honesty. "We just loved each other right from day one," said Dorothy. Published at 8:34 PM EST on Feb 15, 2017 Get the latest from necn anywhere, anytime Download the App Available for IOS and Android Follow necn Leave Comments TV Listings News Weather Politics Business Entertainment Sports Traffic Contact Us Connect With Us FCC Independent Programming Report FCC News and Information Programming Report NBC Non-Profit News Partnership Reports Send Feedback Terms of service Privacy policy © 2017 NBCUniversal Media, LLC. All rights reserved. AdChoices
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Michael Flynn Donald Trump ObamaCare SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Perez interrupted by progressive protesters Blog Briefing Room — 4h 22m ago Report: Trump ally to review intelligence agencies Administration — 4h 45m ago Chaffetz asks DOJ inspector general to investigate Flynn leaks House — 5h 24m ago Report: ICE detains domestic violence victim in court Administration — 6h 5m ago Report: Intelligence officials withhold information from Trump Administration — 6h 41m ago Jake Tapper fires back: Media didn't fire Flynn, Trump did Blog Briefing Room — 6h 46m ago Venezuela cuts CNN in Spanish Blog Briefing Room — 6h 50m ago Corker: Senate GOP discussing best path for Russia probe Floor Action — 6h 50m ago view all   President rekindles feud with intelligence agencies By Jordan Fabian - 02/15/17 07:35 PM EST 109   President Trump is reigniting his feud with the intelligence community, criticizing it for leaks that led to his decision to oust Michael Flynn as national security adviser.  Trump called Flynn a “wonderful man” and doubled down on his condemnation of the leaks from law enforcement and spy agencies that revealed Flynn misled senior officials in the White House about his conversations with Russia’s ambassador.  ADVERTISEMENT “From intelligence, papers are being leaked, things are being leaked; it’s criminal action. It’s a criminal act, and it’s been going on for a long time before me, but now it’s really going on,” Trump said during a joint news conference with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.  “People are trying to cover up for a terrible loss that the Democrats had under Hillary ClintonHillary Rodham ClintonChaffetz asks DOJ inspector general to investigate Flynn leaks Report: Intelligence officials withhold information from Trump Clinton receives standing ovation from Broadway audience MORE,” he continued. Trump’s comments followed a string of tweets Wednesday morning, in which he sought to shift attention from the contents of Flynn’s conversations with Russia’s U.S. envoy toward the leaking of classified information. “The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by ‘intelligence’ like candy. Very un-American!” he tweeted.   Trump’s decision to pin the blame for Flynn’s fall on spy agencies raises the stakes on his long-running dispute with the intelligence community.   And it comes as those same agencies probe links between Russia and several former Trump campaign officials and advisers, adding to the tumult surrounding the White House during the president’s first month in power.  Reports from The New York Times and CNN have asserted that intercepted phone calls and phone records showed that several Trump allies, including former campaign chairman Paul Manafort, were frequently in contact with Russian intelligence operatives. There is no evidence that those officials collaborated with Russia on its hacking of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and Clinton campaign officials. Manafort has denied knowingly communicating with Russian intelligence. Trump has not commented personally on the reports. He ignored shouted questions about them after his news conference with Netanyahu. Hours later, White House press secretary Sean Spicer sought to tamp down the significance of the reports, noting the investigation was first revealed months ago. “I have yet to hear anything new in that story, or whatever you want to call it, that came out last night that wasn’t reported last summer,” he told reporters.  Trump lambasted the “fake media” for separate reports based on leaks regarding Flynn’s talks with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. But when asked what was fake about those reports, Spicer said, “I’ll get back to you on that.” Flynn’s sudden exit just 24 days into Trump’s presidency has added new urgency to a separate Senate Intelligence Committee investigation into Russia’s election interference.  Sen. Marco RubioMarco RubioPresident rekindles feud with intelligence agencies Trump calls for Venezuela to release political prisoner 'immediately' GOP senators unveil bill to give Congress control of consumer bureau budget MORE (R-Fla.), who is dining with Trump at the White House Wednesday night, told reporters he wants Flynn to testify before the panel about the probe.  Top lawmakers have said Trump’s focus on intelligence leaks is only adding to the confusion surrounding his team’s Russia ties.  “Somehow, the media is responsible for treating Flynn unfairly, but the president was the one who fired him,” Rep. Adam SchiffAdam SchiffPresident rekindles feud with intelligence agencies Intel Dem: House GOP now open to investigating Flynn Overnight Defense: Dems raise pressure for Flynn probe | Trump blames leaks for ouster | Mattis pushes NATO on spending MORE (D-Calif.), the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee, said on MSNBC.  “He was OK with Flynn being dishonest,” he continued. “He wasn’t even going to correct the record for the public until this was leaked to The Washington Post. And I suppose what bothers him is being forced to act.” Trump’s reaction to Flynn’s exit also appeared to contradict the account of his top spokesman, who said Tuesday that the president demanded the aide’s resignation because of an “eroding level of trust” over his conversations with Russia. But Spicer said there was no difference between his comments and Trump’s.  “I don’t think there’s any contradiction there,” he said. “There’s a clear difference between [Flynn’s] commitment to caring about this country and the trust the president had [in him] to do the job.”  Trump’s decision to up his feud with the intelligence community isn’t exactly surprising. Before his inauguration, Trump repeatedly attacked spy agencies for their leaks about Russian meddling in the presidential election.  “Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to ‘leak’ into the public,” Trump tweeted last month. “One last shot at me. Are we living in Nazi Germany?” Those attacks prompted concerns of a major rift that could hamper his ability to carry out military campaigns against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria and other crises overseas.  Trump tried to reset the relationship one day after he was sworn in, when he traveled to the CIA and told staff, “I am with you 1,000 percent.” But instead of reckoning with his past statements, he blamed the media for spreading the notion of his split with the intelligence community. “I have a running war with the media,” he said. “They are among the most dishonest human beings on Earth. And they sort of made it sound like I had a feud with the intelligence community. And I just want to let you know, the reason you’re the No. 1 stop is exactly the opposite.” Tags Hillary Clinton, Adam Schiff, Marco Rubio   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 GOP senators unnerved by Trump-... Senate Republicans are expressing growing concerns about the relationship... 366 Shares 2 FBI releases documents related to... The FBI on Wednesday released hundreds of pages of its notes surrounding... 299 Shares 3 Report: Intelligence officials... The information was withheld from the president in fear that that it would... 238 Shares 4 Schwarzenegger rips gerrymandering... Arnold Schwarzenegger says Congress is so unpopular that lawmakers “couldn... 157 Shares 5 'Morning Joe' host says show will... Co-host Mika Brzezinski says she will no longer allow senior White House... 156 Shares 6 Overnight Finance: Trump's Labor... Puzder withdraws nomination for Labor secretary: Andy Puzder on Wednesday... 115 Shares 7 Schumer warns of possible cover-up... Following an emergency Democratic caucus meeting Wednesday, Senate... 97 Shares 8 Cyber executive order a reasonable... OPINION | The cybersecurity EO is a well thought out and reasonable step... 97 Shares 9 House panel votes against... The House Ways and Means Committee on Tuesday rejected a Democratic push... 86 Shares 10 Priebus, Bannon trash reports of... In a joint phone call with The Hill on Wednesday, White House chief of... 83 Shares 11 Report: Trump aiming to sign... The Senate is expected to vote on Scott Pruitt's nomination this week. 71 Shares 12 Under Armour CEO walks back... Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank on Wednesday published a full-page ad in his... 68 Shares 13 GOP senator calls for exhaustive... Sen. Roy Blunt (R-Mo.) on Tuesday said there should be an exhaustive... 67 Shares 14 Humana to drop out of ObamaCare at... The insurer said the market has not stabilized enough to participate next... 61 Shares 15 'Day Without a Woman' strike set... The group behind the Women’s March on Washington in protest of Donald... 61 Shares 16 Chaffetz asks DOJ inspector... 'We have serious concerns about the potential protection of classified... 55 Shares 17 Trump signs repeal of transparency... The regulation would have required energy companies to disclose their... 55 Shares 18 Report: Trump ally to review... Feinberg is a member of Trump's economic advisory council and is a co-... 54 Shares 19 The worst job in Washington?... OPINION | Donald McGahn, who serves as President Trump's Oval Office... 51 Shares 20 McCain announces opposition to... McCain becomes first GOP senator to oppose Mick Mulvaney's nomination. 49 Shares 21 Michael Moore to Trump: 'Vacate... "What part of 'vacate you Russian traitor' don't you understand?" liberal... 49 Shares 22 Report: ICE detains domestic... An undocumented woman who was allegedly a victim of domestic violence was... 48 Shares 23 Trump staffers using app that... Trump administration staffers are reportedly communicating by using an... 47 Shares 24 Flynn puts FBI director back in... The spotlight is back on FBI Director James Comey thanks to Michael Flynn’... 47 Shares 25 Trump failed his own test on good... Throughout the presidential campaign, Donald Trump repeated a particular... 46 Shares 26 Jake Tapper fires back: Media didn... "The media, of course, did not fire General Flynn. President Trump did." 44 Shares 27 Flynn's security clearance... The suspension is a normal administrative move for clearances under "... 44 Shares 28 GOP rep: Intelligence community... Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) questioned the veracity of assessments by the... 43 Shares 29 President rekindles feud with... President Trump is reigniting his feud with the intelligence community,... 43 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
//><!-- (function(){var e=['header','nav','section','article','aside','footer','hgroup'];for(var i=0;i<e.length;i++)document.createElement(e[i]);}()); //--><! Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter Close Sign me up User menu Site top menu Newsletter Mobile app Get 6 issues for £1 Main menu Car News Car Reviews Best Cars Car Deals Find a review Choose a makeAbarthAlfa RomeoAlpinaAlpineArielAscariAston MartinAudiBentleyBMWBristolBugattiCadillacCaterhamChevroletChryslerCitroenCorvetteDaciaDaihatsuDavid BrownDFSKDodgeDSElementalEmgrandFaraday FutureFerrariFiatFiskerFordGenesisGinettaGreat WallHondaHummerHyundaiInfinitiInvictaIsuzuIvecoJaguarJeepKiaKodeKTMLamborghiniLand RoverLDVLexusLotusLykanLynk & CoMahindraMarcosMaseratiMaybachMazdaMcLarenMercedesMGMINIMitsubishiMorganNissanNoblePeroduaPeugeotPolarisPorscheProtonQorosRadicalRenaultRolls-RoyceSaabSEATSkodaSmartSRTSsangYongSubaruSuzukiTeslaToyotaTridentVauxhallVolkswagenVolvoWestfieldZenos Choose a model Find Secondary menu Vans Accessories & Tyres Opinion Used cars Driver Power Tips & Advice Geneva Motor Show Sections Must clicks SEAT's Ateca is our Crossover of the Year (sponsored) This week's issue of Auto Express Take the 2017 Driver Power survey here Sign up now for your FREE car newsletter How to look after your tyres­ (sponsored) Explore the new Renaults of 2017 (sponsored) Explore the new Renault KADJAR (sponsored) New Peugeot 5008 2017 review You are here: Home BMW i3 Striking new BMW i5 electric saloon car to take on Tesla Search Search BMW i3 News More like this In-depth reviews BMW i3 review Car group tests BMW i3 vs Audi A3 e-tron Long-term tests Long-term test review: BMW i3 Range Extender Road tests BMW i3 94Ah Range Extender 2016 review Striking new BMW i5 electric saloon car to take on Tesla Image 1 of 5 Image 1 of 5 15 Feb, 2017 3:30pm Steve Fowler facebook twitter google+ email Electric BMW i5 saloon is shaping up to rival the Model 3 and is due to hit showrooms in 2021 BMW’s next i model, the i5, will arrive in 2021 and come with a level of autonomous tech that’s never been seen before, Auto Express can exclusively reveal. The new model, previewed in our exclusive images, will take its design cues from 2016’s Vision Next 100 Concept, which was revealed as part of BMW’s centenary celebrations. It’s expected the saloon will go head-to-head with Tesla’s forthcoming Model 3, sitting somewhere between BMW’s 3 Series and 5 Series in terms of size, and be fully battery powered. However, early designs are understood to have included the possibility of hydrogen fuel-cell power for the electric motors, too. BMW has been talking about the new model as iNext, but we understand the i5 badge will position the car as the brand’s latest standard bearer for new tech, just as the i3 and i8 have done. Speaking exclusively to Auto Express, BMW’s member of the board responsible for sales and marketing, Ian Robertson, said: “Having recently had the final design review, you can assume that it’s a bigger car rather than a smaller one, and you can assume that the packaging for the next generation of batteries has to be accommodated in such a way that gives the car a certain proportion. Image 2 of 5 Image 2 of 5 “One thing we’ll see is that – as with most BMWs – you’ll know it’s one of our cars without seeing the badge. Proportionally it has certain design icons – the grille, light treatment and so on.  • Best electric cars “With the i products, we’ve established a few new icons, so we’re bringing these forward. You’ll see this as an i product from BMW, without seeing that it’s the iNext.  “That’s always a telling sign for me in design reviews – that we can see that it’s a BMW. The proportions, the short overhangs are BMW positionings; you’ll see that in the iNext.” The i5 is expected to bring a new approach to interior design and space, thanks to new battery tech. As Robertson explained: “I think the iNext phase will have much stronger volume proportions behind it. If the next generation of batteries are smaller, thinner and with no wet and sticky stuff inside them – they’re solid state – then they can be packaged much easier.” Image 3 of 5 Image 3 of 5 It’s expected that the i5 will launch with level-three autonomous technology, so the vehicle is in full control of all functions with the driver able to take over when needed. Eventually the i5 will be capable of level four and five autonomous driving, where occupants have hardly any input. BMW’s joint purchase of mapping company Here with Daimler and Volkswagen is playing a key part in that. And it’s working with companies such as computing giant Intel and Mobileye, one of the world leaders in artificial intelligence. • Ultimate guide to autonomous cars “We’re going to see what we believe to be the first full autonomous capability,” said Robertson. “We’ve assembled quite a powerful group, so putting these big companies together with this company we own [Here] is giving us a powerful move down the autonomous road.” However, Robertson is very open about the technology not being ready yet. “There are a lot of people talking about autonomous driving at the moment,” he said, “but first of all the technology isn’t robust enough. It’s not good enough to say it will be better for most of the time – it needs to be better all of the time.” BMW will be putting 40 autonomous 7 Series limousines on the road in the second half of this year. The technology used in the test fleet will then be developed and fine-tuned, eventually forming the basis for the tech fitted in the i5. “Of course, along the way we’ll continue to develop the tech and bring it in to existing cars,” Robertson added. “But the big step will be with iNext.” Image 5 of 5 Image 5 of 5 By the time the i5 arrives, BMW will have established itself as one of the world’s major players in the electric car market. As well as its current i3 and i8 models, BMW has the biggest range of plug-in hybrid vehicles currently available. The German brand has already sold over 100,000 electrified cars worldwide, with Robertson targeting another 100,000 sales in 2017. The introduction of the new 5 Series plug-in hybrid is likely to be a big hit for fleet customers.  By the time the i5 arrives in 2021, those numbers will have grown substantially, along with expectations. And the new model will be expected to spearhead new growth of fully electric vehicles, as well as leading the charge of BMW’s new breed of autonomous cars. What do you think of the new BMW i5? Leave us a comment below... Related keywords: Car news BMW i3 BMW i8 Latest News No more queues? Jaguar and Shell launch in-car fuel payment app BMW i5 saloon car for 2021 - exclusive pictures New traffic light tech to help smartphone users cross the road Toyota recalls all 2,800 hydrogen Mirais worldwide New Land Rover Discovery SD4 review - pictures Pagani Huayra Roadster revealed - official pictures Jaguar updates F-Pace, XE and XF with new engines and tech Jaguar F-Pace, XE and XF MY2018 updates - pictures See all News For more breaking car news and reviews, subscribe to Auto Express - available as a weekly magazine and on your iPad. We'll give you 6 issues for £1 and a free gift! View the discussion thread. Most read 1. Road tests New Honda Civic 2017 review 2. Features The best new cars for under £150 a month 3. Car group tests Renault Megane ST vs Peugeot 308 SW vs Vauxhall Astra ST 4. Car group tests Renault Clio vs VW Polo vs Skoda Fabia 5. News Winter Driving Special Get Auto Express updates Follow on Facebook Subscribe on YouTube Follow on Twitter Sign up to our Newsletter Latest poll What do you want most from your next car? Take our 2017 Driver Power survey here Poll Status:  Open 2017-01-24 17:00 42%Reliability 9%Build Quality 7%Running Costs 15%Performance 6%Road Handling 6%Ride Quality 4%Ease of Driving 4%Seat Comfort 3%Practicality 4%In-Car Tech Find new cars Search now Find your new car with our new cars search. Find used cars Search now Find your used car with our used cars search. Best price for your car Our network of dealers will compete to buy your car, so you get the best price. Get my offers! I have read and understood the Dennis Publishing (UK) Ltd Privacy Notice. * Your personal information will be used as set out in our Privacy Notice. Submitting your details indicates your consent, until you choose otherwise, that we and our partners may contact you about products and services that will be of relevance to you via direct mail, phone, email and SMS. You can opt out at ANY time. Contact us Auto Express Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 20 7907 6000 Connect with us Facebook Twitter Subscriptions Auto Express Subscriptions 800 Guillat Avenue Kent Science Park Sittingbourne Kent, ME9 8GU T: 01795 592 901 Email |Web site Overseas subscriptions: T: +44 1795 592901 6 issues for £1 Gift Subscriptions Overseas Subs Renew a sub Useful links Company Website Contact us Privacy Notice About us Feeds Authors Sitemap Trending Manufacturers Audi BMW Ford Honda Hyundai Kia Land Rover Mazda Mercedes Nissan Peugeot Renault SEAT Skoda Toyota Vauxhall Volkswagen See all manufacturers News Articles Awards Car comparison Car group tests In-depth reviews Long-term tests Pictures Product group tests Product reviews Road tests Spy shots Used car tests Videos Our Websites Carbuyer Evo IT Pro Coach Alphr Know Your Mobile Expert Reviews Channel Pro Digital SLR Photography Den of Geek The Week Magazines Women's Fitness Cloud Pro MagBooks Cyclist Classic & Performance Car TablePouncer © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Auto Express is a trademark of Felix Dennis. Felix Dennis Apps Books Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Your Online Choices
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out12:04 GMT +316 February 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search BREAKING: Clashes Between Syrian Army, Moderate Rebels Fully Stopped - Russian Defense Minister George Soros Bought a Huge Stake in Goldman Sachs After Trump’s Election © REUTERS/ Luke MacGregor Business 03:17 16.02.2017(updated 07:08 16.02.2017) Get short URL 32076421 George Soros’ hedge fund Soros Fund Management made big changes to its portfolio in the fourth quarter of 2016, including a $14.9 million stake into Goldman Sachs. Soros Fund Management, as the name suggests, manages the personal fortune of controversial billionaire George Soros. Their 13-F form detailing their purchases and sales in Q4 2016 was recently released. Goldman Sachs and other financial companies enjoyed large amounts of investment after Donald Trump's victory in the presidential election. Trump's promises of deregulation and tax cuts made the financial sector a safe bet for investors. Soros, who has spent hundreds of millions of his own money for liberal causes and is a vocal critic of President Trump, saw his stock portfolio briefly devalued by $1 billion after the election. © AP Photo/ Manuel Balce Ceneta Soros Teams Up With Attorneys Challenging Trump Immigration Order In addition to Goldman Sachs, Soros bought tens of millions of shares in companies such as Facebook, Time Warner, T Mobile, and Kohls. Soros also totally eliminated his stake in Barrick Gold as the gold market contracted in late 2016. Other companies that he sold major shares from include Intel, Wisdomtree, and Procter & Gamble. Soros's largest stock remains in Liberty Broadband, making up 14% of their portfolio. However, that was reduced by 6% since Q3 2016. Steven Mnuchin, former Executive Vice President of Goldman Sachs, was confirmed to the Senate as President Trump's Treasury Secretary on Tuesday. Mnuchin also was a member of an investment group alongside Soros in the mid-2000's. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 421 Related: Billionaire Financier Soros Continues to Fund Anti-Trump Protests Soros-Funded NGOs Exemplify Undemocratic External Influence - Hungarian FM US Fact-Checking Institute Sponsored by Soros on War Path Against 'Fake News' George Soros Claims UK Prime Minister 'Will Not Last' During Brexit WikiLeaks: Soros Invited Clinton's Campaign Chair to Visit Residence in 2015 Tags: hedge funds, investment, Soros Fund Management, Goldman Sachs, Steven Mnuchin, Donald Trump, George Soros TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply drblack 03:38 16.02.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete Ryan Dawson www.youtube.com/user/Rys2sense Reply MaDarby 04:29 16.02.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete OK, OK Sputnik we know you just must needle Soros as much as possible but really...14.9 million in Goldman just barely registers - less than a day's revenue. And, chump change for Soros. Huge...gimme a brake. Reply Athanasios 08:35 16.02.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete This is a useful article, although the amount of shares Soros bought is not the real news. The news is Mnuchin, whose connection to Goldman is not just an employer-emloyee relationship. The roots go deeper, and they are scary, but you have to look this up on your own. Regarding Trump, Mnuchin managed to get much of the election financing for Trump, on the condition that he would get the post of the Treasury if Trump became president. Without that financing (which was several times smaller than the financing Clinton received) Trump would not have been able to make it. But the real issue is what Trum will do for his country. Judging from his decisions so far, I am impressed.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 11:53Cyprus to Discuss Brexit Impact on Economy With UK - Ambassador 11:50Clashes Between Syrian Gov't and Moderate Opposition Forces Ended - Shoigu 11:46Assad Resolutely Opposes Amnesty International Observers' Visit to Syria 11:42Much Ado About Nothing: Why Russian Ship Off US Coast is No Cause for Concern 11:25UNSC Participation in International Conference on Cyprus Necessary – AmbassadorAll news Remains of a 'Giant' Discovered Alongside Ancient Treasure Trove in Iran 21217 ‘He Will Die in Jail’ – Intelligence Apparatus Admits ‘Going Nuclear’ on Trump 18745 #LockHerUp: Hillary Clinton Gradually Losing Veneer of Being 'Too Big to Jail' 16922 'A Very Serious Military Mission': Why NATO Warships 'Escorted' Russia's Carrier 11423 China Reveals Launch Date of New Aircraft Carriers 9394All news Trump Expects Russia to 'Return Crimea' to Ukraine - White House 139 ‘He Will Die in Jail’ – Intelligence Apparatus Admits ‘Going Nuclear’ on Trump 89 'Russia Does Not Return Its Territories' - Moscow on WH Statement on Crimea 41 US Asking Russia to Return Crimea is Like Moscow Asking US to Return California 40 Revenge of Neocons? Who Will Replace Michael Flynn and What It Tells Us 36All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics 'Red Army' for Kids: Chinese Primary School Teaches Students Patriotism Let My Crimea Go! How the EU Has Changed News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 'He wanted me to get rid of the blacks': New details emerge in huge 400-page FBI file on the investigation into whether Donald and his father Fred racially discriminated against minorities in the 1970s REVEALED: Police in Indiana release grainy picture of man walking near to where two 13-year-old girl's were found dead after hiking and ask for help in identifying him Mental tricks that'll really make you nod off, why popping pills won't help and stop snoring keeping you awake: The one-week insomnia cure  New map shows the booming number of hate groups that have sprung up since Trump ran for president after his candidacy 'energized the radical right' The joke was on her! 'LOL assassin' may have been duped into murdering Kim Jong Un's brother by 'friends' who told her to wipe poison on him 'as a prank' as a second woman and her boyfriend are arrested Did 'careless' Facebook use lead to Kim Jong-nam's assassination? Half-brother of North Korean dictator couldn't resist posting pictures of his playboy life in Macau and Shanghai Valentines Day horror for grandmother, 87, after a man, 23, knocks on her apartment door and barges in so he can leap to his death from her balcony Mother of six, 34, and her boyfriend are arrested for 'using a drone to peep into the bathrooms and bedrooms of their neighbors' New York judge orders drug-addicted mom-of-four who worked as a prostitute not to get pregnant again  She's 58, with four children already - one of whom she's lost custody of - so why WAS Madonna allowed to adopt these twins? 'She got very offended': Regis Philbin reveals Kelly Ripa took his departure personally and explains they do not 'really' stay in contact 'She was inspiring': Hollywood activist Shailene Woodley heaps praise on Malia Obama for joining in the Dakota pipeline protest EXCLUSIVE: Widow of Orlando nightclub shooter arrested for 'aiding and abetting' and 'obstruction' was in 'EXTREME DANGER' from her terrorist husband, says domestic abuse expert  'This would be great news to the remaining owners!' Shocking emails reveal Porsche employee joked about the crash that killed Paul Walker because it boosted the value of other 'rare' Carrera GTs Harrison Ford is spotted for the first time returning to the airport where he nearly flew INTO a Boeing 737 as FAA reveals his investigation will be delayed due to massive backlog Do YOU take sleeping tablets? You could be at risk of DEATH: Dangerous levels of a naturally-occurring chemical found in some supplements Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie pictured out in LA for the first time since former NHL star was accused of 'raping a woman at his home' Former Dairy Queen manager who 'bullied 17-year-old worker until he killed himself' is charged with manslaughter Senate blocks Obama-era regulation that would have prevented mentally-impaired people from buying firearms  Melania goes to Washington: First Lady wears a stunning skirt suit to welcome Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to the White House in her first official appearance since Trump was sworn in 'It's time for us to look into all things': Prominent Republicans refusing to rule out a special probe into Trump's alleged ties with Russia  Miami Marlins' owner Jeffrey Loria' is being considered for French ambassador'  Steve Bannon strolls by White House reporters, says it's 'the opposition party, all lined up' Giggling Trump and Bibi agree on one thing before they start Middle East peace talks: They both love Jared Kushner  Previous Next 'It’s time for us to look into all things': Prominent Republicans refusing to rule out a special probe into Trump's alleged ties with Russia  Lindsey Graham and Bob Corker refused to rule anything out on Wednesday 'It is imperative Congress perform oversight regarding any potential campaign contacts between Trump officials and Russian intelligence,' Graham said  Corker said the next step on the reports will be consolidated in the coming days  It was reported on Tuesday US agencies had intercepted phone calls last year between Russian intelligence officials and members of Trump's 2016 campaign By Dailymail.com Reporter Published: 01:52 EST, 16 February 2017 | Updated: 03:29 EST, 16 February 2017 e-mail 38 View comments A pair of leading Republicans has left the door open for a potential probe into Donald Trump and his reported ties with Russia. Lindsey Graham and Senator Bob Corker both voiced concerns over the reports published by the New York Times on Tuesday that alleged US agencies had intercepted phone calls last year between Russian intelligence officials and members of Trump's 2016 campaign team. Current and former US officials who spoke to the Times anonymously said they found no evidence the Trump campaign was working with the Russians on hacking or other efforts to influence the election. In a statement released Wednesday, Graham said: 'I do not believe it is appropriate for Congress to act based on a newspaper article.  A pair of leading Republicans - including Lindsey Graham (pictured on Wednesday) have left the door open for a potential probe into Donald Trump and his reported ties with Russia 'However, it is imperative that Congress perform oversight regarding any potential campaign contacts between Trump officials and Russian intelligence officials.  Graham went onto say there could be valid reason for the contact, but there needed to be an investigation before that could be determined. 'If they do exist, the contacts may have a logical explanation, but we will never know until Congress spends the time to investigate the matter,' he said. 'If in fact there are campaign contacts between Trump officials and Russian intelligence officers that would be a very serious event and would justify the Senate forming a Select Committee to look at all things related to Russia.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next 'He wanted me to get rid of the blacks': New details emerge... US intelligence officials are 'keeping SECRETS from Donald... Trump tells Netanyahu he wants to make a Middle East peace... Trump's Labor pick Andrew Puzder officially withdraws his... Share this article Share Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Sen. Bob Corker (pictured on Wednesday) also hinted at a potential probe 'The Russians have been trying to break the backbone of democracies all over the world, and clearly in my view, interfered in the 2016 election. 'Any investigation should also include leaks coming from the White House and other government agencies. These leaks are damaging to our national security and the individuals involved must be punished.' The long-time Senator ended his statement by saying the reports are casting doubt over the entire administration. 'The accusations regarding the Trump campaign’s ties to Russia are creating a cloud over the White House,' he said.  Graham released this statement about the reports Trump's team was in communication with Russian intelligence 'They should be fairly investigated by the Congress in a bipartisan manner. It would serve the President’s interests to get to the bottom of this so he can move forward with his agenda.' Corker also hinted at potential investigations going forward. 'There is a broader discussion about how we handle something that is important to make sure that we all fully understand what's occurred, and it's not in any way a discussion that says the Intel Committee is not doing its job,' the Senate Foreign Relations Committee chairman said, according to The Hill. 'I don't know what we're mulling toward, but hopefully there will be some consolidation in the next few days.' No Republican has gotten behind the push from Democrats for an independent commission into the reports. Donald Trump speaks during a joint press conference with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in the East Room of the White House on February 15 Read more: Corker: Senate GOP discussing best path for Russia probe | TheHill Share or comment on this article e-mail Most watched News videos Moment ISIS suicide attacker detonates bomb near Syrian rebels Dog CRIES after being told off for chewing sofa into pieces Redback spider catches brown snake in it's web and attacks it Terrifying moment deadly Chicago ambush captured on Facebook live Shocking moment a model poses on the ledge of very tall skyscraper Final moments of radio broadcast before Dominican Rep DJ shot dead Social Experiment: Would you breastfeed a stranger's baby? CCTV shows Kim Jong Un's 'female assassin' sent to kill half-brother Deputy Cody Williams and young boy in adorable dance-off Donald and Melania welcome Israeli PM and wife at White House ISIS video of boys from Yazidi area of Iraq 'on suicide mission' Shock as father finds out his son is not biologically his Tara Palmer-Tomkinson died of a perforated ulcer:... Melania goes to Washington: First Lady wears a stunning... Make-up artist, 22, and her boyfriend, 22, agree that SHE... Assassin in a mini skirt? How the chillingly audacious... Motorist is branded a hero by other drivers after parking... Murder squad close a city centre McDonald's as boy, 17,... Model of stupidity! Stunning Russian Instagram queen... 'Don't bother coming in again, you f****** control... Tree surgeon father-of-one, 31, dies when his CHAINSAW... A 'criminal' attack on 'a wonderful man': Trump ramps up... Group of strictly Orthodox Jewish men cause 'absolute... Moment two-year-old boy was shot dead on Facebook Live:... 'One day, Leny kissed me': Amanda Knox opens up about... Here is the nudes: Art gallery is forced to remove... Tara Palmer-Tomkinson NEVER had a brain tumour: Her... Harrison Ford is spotted for the first time returning to... Ex-NHL star Mike Comrie who was married to Hilary Duff is... Mother of murdered schoolgirl Billie-Jo Jenkins calls for... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments (38) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'So proud of my baby!' Kim Kardashian heaps praise on Kanye West as they head out after his 'amazing' New York Fashion Week show Season five collection Silver siren! Gwen Stefani stuns in metallic mini dress with matching glittered shoes for appearance on The Tonight Show Looked sensational Bodacious in blue! Mariah Carey shows off curves in skintight mini dress as she arrives for first performance since NYE debacle Hoping  LA is kinder  Mariah Carey makes triumphant return to real-time TV on Jimmy Kimmel Live after NYE Times Square debacle  A passionate performance  'She got very offended': Regis Philbin reveals Kelly Ripa took his departure personally and explains they do not 'really' stay in contact Fractured friendship  Sheer delight! Christie Brinkley wears VERY thin sweater while out with daughters in NYC The 63-year-old siren was out with her girls in the Big Apple  Date night! Mariah Carey and Bryan Tanaka grab sushi before heading to Lakers game... after she debuts new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie pictured out in LA for the first time since former NHL star was accused of 'raping a woman at his home' Brooke Burke-Charvet, 45, shows off her super-fit physique in a bandeau bikini as she shares a steamy kiss with husband David in St. Barts Still strutting! Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid walk in their third NYFW show in one day as they join Taylor Hill on the Ralph Lauren catwalk  Keeping busy  Holding down the homefront! Kourtney Kardashian takes children out on the West Coast as brother-in-law Kanye West debuts new collection 'Those sleepless nights!': Matt Damon jokes about George Clooney's delayed start and becoming an old dad at 55 'A little shot of fireball gets a girl going!': RHOBH star Erika Jayne, 45, shows off fit figure in blue lingerie for very racy XXPEN$IVE  music video Fifty Shades Darker tops the Valentine's Day box office as R-rated erotic sequel earns $11 million  Film fans were in the mood for love Helen Mirren oozes sophistication in power suit and red lace camisole as she attends The Great Wall premiere with husband Taylor Hackford From crop tops to cocktail frocks! Coco Rocha goes to two shows back-to-back and manages to make a full outfit change with minutes to spare  Top of the crops! Gorgeous Martha Hunt flashes cleavage and toned tummy at Michael Kors NYFW show Kept up with appearances A model family! Teresa Giudice's daughter Milania, 11, walks the runway at Rookies New York Fashion Week show 'What is your intention with her?': Corrine's nanny grills Nick Viall in teaser for Bachelor hometown dates episode More drama Catherine Zeta-Jones turns on the glamour as she heads to LAX with Michael Douglas and their teenage daughter Carys Always chic So in love! Matt Damon looks besotted with wife Luciana Barroso as he takes her to The Great Wall premiere in LA One of the luckiest men around Braless Paris Jackson shows off nipple rings as she enjoys girl's day out in LA before an altercation at a gas station Loving the single life  Ashley Greene looks elegant in flowing split dress at Hollywood premiere of In Dubious Battle  Stole the show in her super chic dress George Clooney, 55, is 'excited but nervous' about having twins with wife Amal Clooney, 39  Like any first-time parent, George Clooney is understandably anxious  Back again! Ashley Graham shows off her incredible curves in tiny bikinis as she returns to the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Slinky swimwear  Date night! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend glam up for another evening out together after Valentine's Day Time to hit the town again Mel Gibson in talks to direct Suicide Squad sequel as Oscar nominee continues to enjoy career renaissance Like mother like daughter! Cindy Crawford and Kaia Gerber look supermodel chic as they get ready for NYFW Left The Mercer Hotel Model family! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber upstaged by kids Kaia and Presley at NYC Marc Jacobs event Teen daughter was the center of attention  Starting to show! Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid proudly displays growing baby bump in white crop top for mirror selfie Proud mother  They believe in Yeezy! Kylie Jenner wraps up as she takes Tyga to Kanye West's NYFW show Pier 59 Studios played host to Kanye Ivanka joins Melania and Sara Netanyahu for press conference but leaves them alone to visit new Smithsonian African American history museum   Katherine Heigl shows off newborn son Joshua Jr as she reveals John Mayer helped husband Josh Kelley get serious about their relationship The blonde actress, 38 She's no shrinking violet! Kim Kardashian forgoes her bra in sheer purple outfit at Kanye's Yeezy Season 5 show in New York It's a big day for Kimye A model metabolism! Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner grab greasy McDonald's as they head to another NYFW show Her biggest fans! Charlotte McKinney flashes some skin as she celebrates her Ocean Drive cover with her parents in Miami Looking stunning  'We should have bashed each other!' Trainspotting's Danny Boyle says he and Ewan McGregor would have settled their feud earlier if they'd had a punch up 'It seems like 2017 is the year to get pregnant': Heidi Montag congratulates former The Hills co-stars Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad on baby news Baby's first catwalk! Coco Austin and Ice-T help adorable daughter Chanel walk the runway at Rookie USA NY Fashion Week show Coordinated their looks Harrison Ford is seen for the first time returning to the airport where he nearly flew INTO a Boeing 737 as FAA say the investiation will be delayed  Singer Boy George reveals he was having a drug-induced 'psychotic episode' when he kept a male escort prisoner in his London flat 'I was nervous about the fans': Bella Heathcote feared public reaction to her role as Christian Grey's ex in Fifty Shades Darker 'She's a remarkable broadcaster and a real force': Matt Lauer heaps praise on NBC hire Megyn Kelly in rare interview but goes quiet about Ann Curry Legs for days! Cameron Diaz shows off pencil thin stems in skintight jeans while out in Beverly Hills Out and about looking smart casual  Jessica Biel stuns in classy black lace dress as she sits front row at the Ralph Lauren NYFW show The actress stole the show  Justin Bieber 'named as suspect in assault investigation'... after video surfaced of him fighting man twice his size Things got out of hand Brooke Shields, 51, shows off youthful glow and flawless complexion while taking in an off-Broadway show in NYC Still rocks the red carpet Nick Cannon was 'shaken to his core' over treatment by NBC after race gag lead to him quitting America's Got Talent 'Punished for a joke' 'I've not seen my sister in EIGHT years': Mel B's estranged sibling Danielle Brown shoots down reports of a family reunion as long-running feud continues Magnificent Melania:  First Lady wears stunning skirt suit in her first official appearance at White House since Trump was sworn in as president 'Happy mom, happy life!': Mila Kunis wears statement top in LA as it's revealed she 'made out with' Ashton Kutcher during recent date night Showed off her locks  Sheer-ly amazing! Mandy Moore flashes her bra in Victorian-inspired lace at the Marchesa show during NYFW Mixed vintage  Porsche employee accused of joking about the crash that killed Paul Walker because it boosted the value of other 'rare' Carrera GTs cars Heavenly! Olivia Culpo stands out in frilly ruched frock as she sits front row at Marchesa's NYFW runway show Wore a white ruched dress 'How cute!' Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid deliver McDonald's feast to sister Kim Kardashian after Kanye's Yeezy 5 show Treats for everyone  Tara Palmer-Tomkinson NEVER had a brain tumour despite claiming she did her sister reveals as friends say the It Girl made it up 'as a cry for help' A stressed-looking Kanye West heads to Yeezy Season Five presentation at New York Fashion Week... following 'disastrous' show last fall Kendall Jenner didn't make Kanye's Yeezy 5 show because she was busy walking the runway for Anna Sui with pals Gigi and Bella Hadid Stunning as always  Tennis star Eugenie Bouchard holds up her end of Super Bowl bet with the random fan who asked her for a date on Twitter if the Patriots won  Kylie Jenner arrives LATE to Kanye's latest New York Fashion Week Yeezy 5 show as Khloe, Kourtney, Kendall and even Kris Jenner are absent Patience! The REAL reason Guns N' Roses kept fans waiting at Melbourne gig - as Axl Rose's band mates begged him to hurry up Notorious hellraiser  Bootylicious! Jennifer Lopez posts very cheeky Valentine's day snap in a sexy red clinging two-piece Gave her 58.7m followers a treat  Breathing in Morocco! Shanina Shaik smokes hookah and visits souk during exotic high fashion shoot in Marrakesh In-demand model  Lady Gaga 'gave her engagement ring back to Taylor Kinney' before going public with new beau Christian Carino Two broke off their engagement in July Hilary Duff and new beau Matthew Koma celebrated V-Day in Costa Rica... as her ex faces rape charges Stayed at the lavish Four Seasons resort  Susan Sarandon among the celebs enjoying S&M-themed cabaret at risque New York nightclub The Box - as Pussy Riot yell 'f**k Trump, f**k Putin'  Publisher claims he has 75,000 word manuscript of Mick Jagger's autobiography written during the 1980s... but he doesn't remember writing it! New 'do! Lea Michele shows off sleek shorter hair while out and about in LA after debuting it at Grammys Looked on good form with her new hairstyle 'Lies! Lies!': Jessica Biel is shocked to hear about ancestors as she and Courteney Cox explore roots on Who Do You Think You Are? Fascinating revelations   Katherine Heigl looks slim in white blouse and jeans two months after welcoming son Joshua Jr.  Was on The Late Late Show earlier in the week Kate Upton keeps her voluptuous figure under wraps with a heavy coat as she plugs her latest Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Wowed on the street 'They walked in while I was pushing!': Jessa Duggar reveals her second home birth was so quick her mother and sister almost missed it happening Pregnant Natalie Portman looks ready to pop as she goes for a hike with mother Shelley in Los Feliz It'll be a second child for the 35-year-old actress Specs appeal! Nicole Kidman rocks eyeglasses as she bundles up in puffer jacket on NYC set of Untouchable with Bryan Cranston Rolling in the dough! Adele earned more than $620k EACH NIGHT on her hugely successful Live tour last year  The Hello star is having another fine year  Tamron Hall back at work shooting new season of Deadline Crime after hitting up the Super Bowl and Grammys after vacation following NBC exit 'I had $40 and an address!' Nina Agdal reveals she came to America with nothing but a modeling dream just six years ago Victoria's Secret star Strip club being sued by Joanna Krupa for using her picture in ads without permission hits back claiming she's too 'pretty' to work there Club is the Pink Pony 'Never a rivalry like theirs': Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange get their claws out as Bette Davis and Joan Crawford in new trailer for FX's Feud Wonderful in winter white! Hailey Baldwin shows off her toned legs as she heads to Kanye West's Yeezy 5 show Best friends with Kendall Jenner for two years 'I'm even excited about being tired': Mahershala Ali scores THR cover and Oscar nominee discusses childhood 'melancholy' and pending fatherhood Hollywood activist Shailene Woodley talks about 'inspiring' meeting with Malia Obama during a Dakota pipeline protest Standing up for her belief No jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio looks bright as she bares her toned tummy in a crop top at Sao Paulo airport She proved she can look good anywhere, anytime Social butterfly! Paris Hilton spring-time ready in a garden print dress at the Vivienne Tam show during NYFW Was ready for spring on in New York 'Yet another breathtaking view': Oprah Winfrey and Reese Witherspoon explore New Zealand in between filming scenes for new Disney movie She's 58, with four children already - one of whom she's lost custody of - so why WAS Madonna allowed to adopt these twins? Growing family  'They are at it again!': Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna have ANOTHER major fight as rumors of their split continue All is not well  Soldiering on! Kanye West turns out a camouflage-packed runway for Yeezy Season 5 at his first NYFW show since his breakdown She sure shakes it up! Bella Thorne is spotted grabbing a healthy lunch with a mystery man in LA after being linked to Sam Pepper The Shake It Up! actress  What is her recipe? Domestic goddess Nigella Lawson, 57, looks remarkably wrinkle-free as she steps out in style for a night of revelry Quick change artist: Blake Lively switches up her style for second show during New York Fashion Week Went from flirty in floral to black and white Breaking boundaries! Hijab-wearing model makes her runway debut at Kanye West's Yeezy Season 5 show during New York Fashion Week  Courtney Stodden forgets about her broken marriage as she celebrates Valentine's Day with Heather Locklear's plastic surgeon ex Marc Mani EXCLUSIVE: Star Trek actor William Shatner goes boldly into court demanding that a $170 million lawsuit by Florida radio DJ claiming to be his son be thrown out Family affair! Lucky Blue Smith and his three stunning sisters star in new H&M Coachella campaign playing as their band The Atomics Model plays drums 'Curvy' model Hunter McGrady dedicates her nude Sports Illustrated spread to 'every woman who has ever felt uncomfortable in her body' Critics demand Khloe Kardashian's Protein World Tube advert is scrapped by London subway system for 'body shaming' young women  Hugh Jackman evacuated from the set of The Greatest Showman after fire breaks out Was shooting the final scene of the new film i 'Love of my life!': Rosario Dawson and comedian Eric Andre reveal they are dating in a series of sweet snaps on Valentine's Day She's 37, he's 33 'You have to f***ing watch it': Lena Dunham understands why Taylor Swift did not speak up during election The 30-year-old Girls star stood up for her pal  Revlon ambassador Gwen Stefani talks about 'choosing love' with Blake Shelton but says she spent Valentine's Day alone The blonde singer Giving us the shoulder! Orange Is The New Black star Laverne Cox dazzles in sexy black dress as she talks new CBS show Doubt Looked very chic  Clothing optional! Nicki Minaj poses topless on a bed as she jokes about her stripper past in latest naughty Instagram post The 34-year-old singer Gigi to the rescue! Hadid the model citizen lends a hand after woman is knocked over on New York sidewalk Helped disentangle a sidewalk pileup  Kesha submits damning emails in court case against 'abuser' Dr. Luke who slammed her for drinking Diet Coke and called her a 'fat f**king refrigerator' 'I'm open!' Susan Sarandon, 70, declares herself BISEXUAL as she reveals she would date a woman The Thelma & Louise star talked candidly  All caught up! As fishnets become a staple on the runway and with stars like Kylie Jenner, FEMAIL reveals how to pull off the sexy knit in real life Matt Damon reveals it took 12 hours and 700 extensions to get his long man bun for The Great Wall movie role The 46-year-old says his kids  'loved' the look Hilary Duff's ex-husband, former NHL star Mike Comrie is investigated by police for 'raping a woman at his condo in West Los Angeles' Seven Year Switch husband storms away from his angry wife after she watches footage of him telling experimental spouse that he is ATTRACTED to her 'Life is about to get crazy!': Country star Thomas Rhett discovers wife is pregnant just as they adopt African baby Revealed shock news on social media Bethenny Frankel spends Valentine's Day with new man after revealing she's not serious with Dennis Shields... and still needs to 'heal' after divorce Still feeling the love! Denzel Washington and wife of 33 years Pauletta have a ball at Los Angeles Lakers basketball game on Valentine's Day Look away Keith! Nicole Kidman wraps her arms around Moonlight star Mahershala Ali as she talks first kiss in W magazine John McCain gets Punk'd! Ashton Kutcher blows senator a KISS during Foreign Relations hearing as they give Obama and Biden a run for bromance money Sofia Richie flashes her derriere in white thong bodysuit as she teases Kanye West's Yeezy 5 runway show The 18-year-old teased her Instagram followers  'Your girl fell in love with me': The Weeknd taunts Justin Bieber in new song as he continues to romance the Sorry singer's ex Selena Gomez Karlie Kloss apologizes after backlash over 'culturally insensitive' Geisha-themed photo shoot in Vogue's issue that was meant to celebrate diversity Models off duty! As NYFW comes to an end, FEMAIL highlights the most enviable street style outfits of Hailey Baldwin, Bella Hadid and more EXCLUSIVE: 'Catwoman' Jocelyn Wildenstein stumbled heading to court where assault charges are dropped over brawl with boyfriend Lloyd Klein 'I have the utmost respect for her': Carlos Santana APOLOGIZES after claiming Beyonce is 'beautiful to look at but not a singer' U-turn on his comments Sienna Miller flashes her bra in sheer top as she helps launch clothes designer sister Savannah's bridal collection The 35-year-old actress  EXCLUSIVE: Never-before-seen pictures of secretly pregnant Marilyn Monroe, who confided Yves Montand was baby's father - not husband Arthur Miller Jennifer Lopez, Rachel McAdams, and David Beckham star in stunning pictures for photographer Marc Hom's portrait book The A-list lensman  'No-one is safe!' Internet goes wild for memes of celebrities from Ivanka Trump to Emma Watson gazing longingly at  Justin Trudeau Sylvester Stallone's model daughter Sistine, 18, makes an elegant statement in a little navy dress as she attends Michael Kors' runway show at NYFW Naked ambition! Gigi Hadid's younger sister Bella strips off her clothes to flash her chest in V Magazine after taking NYFW by storm Charli XCX flashes her cleavage and abs in sheer crop top emblazoned with the words 'Sex Symbol' as she makes head-turning arrival at NME Awards Red hot Selena Gomez showcases her incredibly toned legs and sculpted physique in sexy high-slit dress The 24-year-old looked stunning in NYC 'I'm not a size two but I'm strong!': Serena Williams strips off her tennis skirt to look sensational in Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Actress Celia Imrie reveals she was celebrating Bastille Day in Nice during last year's terrorist attack that left 84 dead, adding 'it was a miracle I survived'  'It's important for my daughters to know that it's not real life.': Blake Lively says having little girls changed her view of how beauty is portrayed in the media Bella Hadid dons lace bodysuit for Valentine's Day pizza dinner with Kaia and Presley Gerber in New York The friends made quite the stylish group  Looking good at 70! Rocky star Sylvester Stallone gets his enviably thick locks styled at salon... after 'brutal' Pilates session with daughter Recording Academy boss Neil Portnow says Grammys don't have 'race problem' and claims Kanye skipped show due to 'medical concerns' Braless Emily Ratajkowski shows off her perky assets and enviable abs in crop top with sexy secretary style skirt at Michael Kors NYFW show   'Sassy!': Blac Chyna sizzles in sheer red dress which leaves little to the imagination in racy Instagram snap Rob Kardashian's 28-year-old fiancée  'I was just so thrilled!' Transgender teen responds to Laverne Cox mentioning his upcoming Supreme Court bathroom policy case at Grammys  Cops illegally searched the home of Sandra Bullock's stalker and now prosecutors won't be able to use guns seized at the house during trial 'I owe him everything!': Blake Lively looks flirty in floral as she praises Michael Kors while cheering on his fashion show with Anna Wintour Sat front and center Feeling blue? Singer Louisa Johnson shows off her new electric hair colour as she's unveiled as the face of L'Oreal's Colorista... in a VERY skimpy ensemble Cindy Crawford and husband Rande Gerber keep the romance alive with sweet Valentine's Day date in NYC after nearly 20 years of marriage That's one supportive wife! Kim Kardashian post image where she's beaming at Kanye West hours before his Yeezy 5 show The look of love One last workout! Kim Kardashian hits the gym ahead of husband Kanye West's comeback show at New York Fashion Week  Keeping body in shape Kendall Jenner flaunts her figure in quirky black tasseled dress as she storms the runway with Bella Hadid and Ashley Graham at Michael Kors' NYFW show Not runway ready! Model Sara Sampaio is makeup-free and wearing a dazzling blue coat as she heads to a show for New York Fashion Week They could be sisters! Kate Upton, 24, joins forces with Christie Brinkley, 63, to plug Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue on Today The blonde bombshells 'I went through every phase - too skinny, too fat!': Christie Brinkley, 63, appears on Today with daughters to talk body image Beauty battled haters Liv Tyler wraps up warm in a chic navy coat as she goes arm-in-arm with her fiancé Dave Gardner in Paris The 39-year-old Hollywood actress Her crown jewels! Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks regally racy as she flaunts her ample chest in VERY revealing gown on the set of The Royals Puppy love!  Dancing With the Stars' Julianne Hough takes her pooch along as she goes for a hike with her mom in Los Angeles Showed off her legs 'Classy way to put someone in their place!' Britney's fans go wild as she 'throws shade' at Katy Perry with Bible verse after singer's 'shaved head' comment  Mika's moving on: Morning Joe co-host puts her New York mansion on sale for $2million after divorcing her husband after 22 years of marriage 'People push me into a corner... I'm no expert': Emma Watson reveals she fell into a 'sulk' after feminism backlash... and even struggled to get out of bed Victoria's Secret model Josephine Skriver flaunts her impeccably toned abs and eye-popping cleavage in sizzling swimwear campaign Charm runs in the family! Pierce Brosnan's model son Dylan, 20  treats his pretty girlfriend to a romantic dinner date  Singing Out Loud! Ed Sheeran leaves his CUTEST fan speechless after sneaking up behind him as he serenades Ellen DeGeneres with his song The Duchess of Cambridge's facialist reveals unlikely secrets behind Kate's red carpet glow - including chocolate spread and porridge oats 'Who thought a sociopath could be so popular?' Benedict Cumberbatch reveals his delight as Sherlock is voted the world's favorite BBC character  Tara Palmer-Tomkinson died of a perforated ulcer: Devastated sister reveals did NOT have a brain tumor and 'had plans' for future Fresh as a daisy! Catherine Zeta-Jones, 47, flaunts her tiny waist in a floral dress as she joins glam co-star Susan Sarandon, 70, at Feud event in NYC 'I'm always looking for ways to help': Paris Hilton donates 50 items including a snowboard for auction benefiting two children's charities The blonde socialite 'Stronger than ever': Larsa and Scottie Pippen pose in Valentine's Day family shot after 'halting divorce proceedings'  Trying to work it out  Showing her stripes! Queen Letizia of Spain looks demure in a ballet-length skirt and chic pinstripe blouse as she welcomes guests at her Madrid palace Naomi Watts goes NAKED to play widowed child psychologist in creepy thriller Shut In... and becomes convinced a ghost has taken over her house Model Winnie Harlow debuts new perm as she puts on a daring display in a racy bandeau co-ord set at fashion party in New York Former ANTM contestant 'Love and peace to everyone!' Jonathan Rhys Meyers and fiancée Mara Lane share FIRST image of baby son Wolf... two months after home birth Third time's a charm! Bombshell Kate Upton poses topless on cover of 2017 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue after claims of 'diva' behavior 'I don't remember this': Lisa Rinna claims memory lapse when confronted by Kyle Richards in Mexico on RHOBH The 53-year-old sobbed  Ashley Graham shares nude snap from her Lane Bryan Collection photo shoot  The 28-year-old is seen posing with her hands covering her breasts  'Don't bother with the first episode as I'm not in it': Charlie Higson confirms season three of Broadchurch will return to TV screens later this month  He's behind you! Prince Charles accidentally photobombs rock band Kasabian's guitarist on a visit to a country pub in western England The 68-year-old royal Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary pokes fun at the couple's 18 year age gap during romantic  getaway amid bitter custody row  Is that you Pansy Parkinson? Harry Potter actress Scarlett Byrne poses for Playboy magazine as she declares 'naked is normal' Ruffling feathers? Make-up free Billie Piper opts for a low-key look as she faces off against a swan The 34-year-old actress was out with her son Fancy seeing you here! Guns N' Roses drummer Frank Ferrer takes part in an impromptu jam session at Brisbane bar with locals unaware of his fame Kendall Jenner is the picture of glamour in chic suit and fur coat as she gets a new piercing at jewelry store in New York City after TV appearance 'Rest in peace, my love': Ricki Lake takes to Instagram to announce death of ex-husband Christian Evans He had bipolar disorder Thousands of floral tributes left in honor of George Michael outside his London home are cleared away in trash bags seven weeks after the singer's death She's hot for romance! Ariel Winter dares to bare on with two racy ensembles and a provocative Instagram post The 19-year-old actress TV cook Prue Leith CONFIRMS she's up for Mary Berry's job on The Great British Bake Off... as it's revealed she had 13-year affair with hubby of mom's best friend Cheeky! Paris Hilton leaves little to the imagination in silver panel dress with completely sheer sides at The Blonds NYFW runway show 'She wasn't interested': Emma Watson accused of 'diva behavior' after arriving at ELLE Style Awards 90 minutes late and snubbing the red carpet Madonna's fans are left feeling scared after 'sick' star posts 'evil looking' video of herself singing Valentine's song while recuperating in bed in her nightgown 'Bubbles!' Mariah Carey enjoys a sexy Valentine's Day dip in the hot tub with beau Bryan Tanaka Flaunted her romance with her younger hunk Chrissy Teigen shows off some major cleavage in a tiny lace bralet and smart suit as she joins husband John Legend for Valentine's date night Together for seven years  Babysitting A team! Kourtney Kardashian and Kris Jenner take North shopping while Kim and Kanye are in New York for Fashion Week Bound 2 look sexy on Valentine's Day! Kim Kardashian puts on a busty display for romantic meal with Kanye West at NYC's Carbone restaurant 'Do I look like I wait?' Erika Girardi endorses sex on the first date during Valentine's Day appearance on Watch What Happens Live The 45-year-old star  Demi Lovato sizzles in cleavage-baring catsuit and gold dress in racy Snapchats Singer performed in two alluring outfits which she shared on Snapchat  Serena Williams loves her quirky Valentine's Day gift from 'techie' fiancé Alexis Ohanian The Reddit co-founder chose some unusual for the tennis legend That's a wrap! Oprah Winfrey, Reese Witherspoon and Mindy Kaling film upcoming Disney movie A Wrinkle In Time in New Zealand Picturesque backdrop 'What the f***!' Kim Zolciack grabs a handful of husband Kroy's crotch in front of teen daughter Brielle Real Housewife couldn't hide her affection Beautiful in blue! Shailene Woodley looks stunning in a sheer dress on Late Night With Seth Meyers The 25-year-old former child star What's new pussycat? Tom's dating Priscilla! As ALISON BOSHOFF reveals, from paternity suits to plastic surgery, they share more than a love of Elvis  It's a girl! Supergirl star Laura Benanti welcomes first child with husband Patrick Brown on Valentine's Day Named her Ella Rose REIDy to party! Tara looks a little bleary-eyed as she hits Tape nightclub with a gal pal after attending Drake's London gig The 41-year-old actress Nicole Murphy, 49, shows taut tummy in cropped T-shirt while picking up pet supplies with cute dog in Beverly Hills Eddie Murphy's model ex 'Classy and fabulous!' Kendall Jenner is the quintessential Chanel girl as she wears a striking ensemble from the fashion house on the Tonight Show Makeup-free Rita Ora shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure on Valentine's Day The America's Next Top Model host Tender moments! Gigi Hadid posts intimate photo with Zayn Malik announcing the two celebrate Valentine's Day 'everyday'  Displayed her devotion  Who wore it best? Miley Cyrus shares hilarious photoshopped picture of her and fiance Liam Hemsworth wearing the same dress on Valentine's Day 'It was f***ing terrifying!' Drew Barrymore 'almost died' suffering concussion during stunt for zombie series Santa Clarita Diet Suffered a head injury     DON'T MISS 'Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?' Harrison Ford, 74, nearly crashes his plane AGAIN, this time into a Boeing 737 with 110 passengers on board  Michael Phelps' glam wife Nicole Johnson flashes her long legs in a sequined gown as she cozies up to the Olympian at the Laureus World Sports Awards Singing out loud! Ed Sheeran strums his acoustic guitar as he spends Valentine's Day with James Corden filming Carpool Karaoke in Los Angeles 'She's unbelievable': Adam Levine gushes over baby daughter Dusty on The Ellen DeGeneres Show The Voice coach is completely besotted 'She's just perfect like that': Kendall Jenner gushes about Sienna Miller after shooting her Love mag cover Pursuing her interest in photography First baby photo! Maksim Chmerkovskiy finally shares image of baby Shai alongside Peta Murgatroyd in Valentine's Day post Couldn't get any sweeter David Beckham posts Valentine's Day note to wife Victoria and their 'amazing family' on Instagram Putting recent problems behind them Sarah Jessica Parker shows off her quirky style at the Narciso Rodriguez collection during New York Fashion Week Individual style A sheer delight! Taraji P. Henson sizzles in tight dress at M.A.C. Viva Glam event with Jessie Smollett Slipped into an intricately designed black dress Love in the air! Kylie Jenner and Tyga step out for some Valentine's Day cuddles high above the skyline in NYC Continued to flaunt her affection for boyfriend Kanye West's runway stylist Christine Centenera spends part of Valentine's Day with Kim Kardashian's hubby and his crew ahead of his NYFW show Long hair, don't care! Oscar-winning actor Adrien Brody grabs lunch at swanky Hollywood eatery The 43-year-old Oscar-winner for The Pianist  Sofia Vergara tries to permanently block ex-fiance Nick Loeb from taking control of her frozen embryos after he wages legal war to gain parental rights Curves ahead! Bella Hadid flashes side-boob in slinky LBD as she struts the runway for the Brandon Maxwell NYFW show Enviable body Going solo! Caitlyn Jenner looks effortlessly polished as she goes for a coffee run on Valentine's Day She is a regular at the Starbucks in Malibu Biker chic! Jennifer Hudson rocks denim and leather as she returns to LA after Clive Davis' Pre-Grammys party  35-year-old songstress 'It was magnificent': Grammy president heaps praise on Adele's George Michael tribute ...and insists tech difficulties were NOT behind restart Bombshell in blue! Paris Hilton bares cleavage in off-the-shoulder dress at Chiara Boni La Petite Robe NYFW show She was a standout Sienna Miller flashes her nipples in a sheer bodice dress as she cozies up to Robert Pattinson and Charlie Hunnam at The Lost City Of Z premiere in Berlin  'I got no Valentine!' Justin Bieber shares mournful videos on Instagram as he spends most romantic day of the year alone He doesn't have a date Reunited! Naomi Watts cuts a chic figure in strapless gown at Zac Posen NYFW show as she embraces About Ray costar Susan Sarandon She doesn't need the support! Kim Kardashian goes bra-free in sassy blazer dress as she flashes her lean legs day before Kanye's show Sports Illustrated model Hannah Jeter debuts baby bump as she reveals she wants a 'team' of kids with baseball star husband Derek  It's Heisenberg meets hilarity! Bryan Cranston and Kevin Hart film new movie Untouchable in NYC The film is a remake of a French hit Fresh-faced and fab! Toni Garrn goes makeup-free as she bundles up for a jaunt in Manhattan She was dressed-down for the outing 'Stealing hearts': Kris Jenner cradles baby granddaughter Dream ...as Blac Chyna picks up Valentine's Day flowers Her heart belongs to her littlest family member Kristen Stewart and girlfriend Stella Maxwell both rock ripped black jeans for casual Valentine's Day outing They have been inseparable recently Reunited! Sophie Turner shows off her stunning figure in athletic gear as she spends Valentine's Day with beau Joe Jonas in LA White hot! Doutzen Kroes stuns on the red carpet as she leads the celebrities at the Moncler Grenoble show for New York Fashion Week Ashley Graham looks like a sexy collegiate as she flashes her tummy and rocks leather pants at Coach during NYFW Put her famous curves on display No shrinking violet! Kesha nearly spills out of unbuttoned blouse and head-to-toe purple outfit at LAX Eye-catching style statement Sarah Paulson cast in fourth season of American Crime Story about Lewinsky scandal ...but she's not playing Hillary New role 'Everyday is Valentine's Day': Lauren Bushnell and Ben Higgins cozy up as she shows off her gifts on Instagram They are still going strong Bodacious! Keanu Reeves reveals the third installment of Nineties cult hit Bill & Ted is ALMOST here Being held up by the 'business' side of things 'We're done!' Britney Spears gets accused of cheating and then brutally dumped by Justin Timberlake in new sneak peek of the Lifetime biopic 'It will definitely happen': Heartthrob Niall Horan CONFIRMS One Direction reunion is set to go ahead despite the band embracing solo careers 'F*** it, we're married!': Golnesa 'GG' Gharachedaghi from Shahs Of Sunset reveals she wed Shalom on spur-of-moment Valentine's Day video  EXCLUSIVE: Josh Elliott was fired after Scott Pelley and Charlie Rose told network they were unhappy with his promotion He was let go 'I cannot believe it!': Khloe Kardashian and Tristan Thompson have custom Snapchat filter in honor of Valentine's Day Custom designed Ariel Winter reveals her curves in skimpy two-piece... after sharing racy thong bikini throwback as she celebrates Valentine's Day Tyga's ex Demi Rose goes completely NAKED as she enjoys bubble bath in sultry solo Valentine's post... after revealing plans to move to America Biker chic! Lily-Rose Depp plays it cool on laid back outing in New York The daughter of Johnny Depp wore a pair of classic denim jeans and a chic leather jacket Hey big spender! Selena Gomez sits front row at Coach just days after shelling out $30k for boyfriend The Weeknd's birthday Spending top dollar 'I never get to pick the movies!' Mark Wahlberg is forced to watch Fifty Shades Darker on Valentine's Day by his wife Rhea She wears the trousers Fire and ice! Hilaria Baldwin heats up freezing New York as she goes jogging in skin-tights leggings in the snow Wrapped up warm Wikileaks founder Julian Assange opens up about relationship with Pamela Anderson calling her 'attractive' and 'an impressive figure' 'I said I was taking her to see two of the most romantic cities'! Dave Gardner has 'best Valentines ever' with fiancee Liv Tyler at football match And action! Claire Danes films explosive scene with Rupert Friend for Homeland The 37-year-old actress was spotted in Long Island Amanda Bynes's parents insist Twitter engagement claims are false as 'fake' account announces she's pregnant too Former child star A sweet turnaround! Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie returns to school to hand out Valentine's candy... NINE DAYS after ATV crash Pregnant Amanda Seyfried tries to conceal her baby bump in a black and white mini dress on a Valentine's Day shopping trip in Hollywood 'I just started to quiver': Woman claims hardship in lawsuit against Howard Stern after shock jock broadcast her personal information on air Romantic Weeknd! Selena Gomez and her new beau pack on the PDA aboard luxury yacht ahead of Valentine's Day Caught canoodling in LA Bikini babes! The ladies of The Bold And The Beautiful strip down to their swimwear as they jump in a jet boat and film scenes on Sydney Harbour 'They are already getting serious': Newly-slim Chris Moyles 'has been dating LA beauty Tiffany Austin in secret for 18 months' Pictured looking cosy The Bold And The Beautiful stars film a wedding scene in front of Sydney Harbour... amid rumors there will be a brawl during the reception scene Nick Cannon confirms he WON'T be back as host of America's Got Talent after criticizing producers and NBC He'd previously hinted that he planned to quit Heartbroken Hadid! Bella cuts a lone figure on Valentine's Day after photos of her ex The Weeknd kissing Selena Gomez on a yacht surface 'I'm very excited to be back with them!' Robbie Williams finally confirms he will reunite with Take That on Let It Shine as he joins as guest judge  Regrouping Elle King reveals she was 'high' at the Grammys after eating 'a bunch of pot muffins' before red carpet  The 27-year-old admitted she was 'really stoned' Pregnant Laura Prepon flashes her bump and engagement ring while flying into LAX The Orange Is the New Black star, who turns 37 next month Mandy Moore dons plaid bustier dress at NYFW... after Twitter rant at JetBlue for losing her luggage The 32-year-old finally got her bag back Drake dines with model twins whose name he has tattooed on his arm... as he rings in Valentine's Day in London without 'ex' Jennifer Lopez Explained - Hugh Jackman's cancer: As the Wolverine star reveals sixth operation to remove dangerous skin patch, we explain the dangers...  Tom Brady says visiting the White House to celebrate Super Bowl win is 'not political but a privilege' as teammate James White debates whether to attend  'I'm proud': Country singer RaeLynn reveals her husband has enlisted in the military and is already at basic training Former Voice contestant  Solo on Valentine's Day! Drew Barrymore, 41, enjoys a glass of wine at fashion event nearly one year after splitting from Will Kopelman Get romantic! To celebrate Valentine's Day FEMAIL chats with supermodel-turned-lingerie designer Heidi Klum on how to spice up your night American designer Dennis Basso presents luxurious fall collection with a star-studded front row during New York Fashion Week Exquisite line Is a Wintour protegee in the frame to be British Vogue boss? Insiders suggest American Sally Singer could take the editor's job at the magazine  Girls actress Zosia Mamet reveals she spent SIX YEARS in 'unbearable pain' after doctors failed to diagnose pelvic floor dysfunction Tiffany Trump sits front row at yet another NYFW catwalk after 'avoiding' Madonna at a show the night before because of the singer's comments about her father When fashion meets feminism: Mara Hoffman makes a statement by opening her NYFW show with strong words from leaders of the Women's March on Washington 'One decision we have never regretted': Ruby Rose posts touching tribute to girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as they celebrate Valentine's Day Want tresses like a Kardashian? Celebrity hairdresser famed for creating Kim's iconic braids reveals her top tips and the hottest new trends of 2017 She wears her heart on her T-shirt! Gigi Hadid declares her devotion for boyfriend Zayn Malik on Valentine's Day with $35 official merch top Been there, done that...  Good Burger star Kel Mitchell pays homage to two of his cult '90s roles in sweet pregnancy reveal photo - which sees his wife cradling her belly AND a soda  Chris Hemsworth shows off his chiseled body as he returns as Thor in hilarious spoof sequel in which his roommate Darryl urges him to get a real job 'Christian I love you!' New mum Geri Horner posts heartfelt Valentine's Day message to her beau... as she refers to herself as 'Geraldine' Madonna, 58, boldly frees the nipple in risqué cover for Vogue Italia... as she teases first shoot since becoming a mother again to Malawian twins Today's headlines Most Read 'He wanted me to get rid of the blacks': New details emerge in massive 400-page FBI file on the... REVEALED: Police in Indiana release grainy picture of man walking near to where two 13-year-old girl's were... Mental tricks that'll really make you nod off, why popping pills won't help and how you can stop snoring... New map shows the booming number of hate groups that have sprung up since Trump ran for president after his... The joke was on her! 'LOL assassin' may have been duped into murdering Kim Jong Un's brother by 'friends'... Did 'careless' Facebook use lead to Kim Jong-nam's assassination? Estranged half-brother of North Korean... Valentines Day horror for grandmother, 87, after a man, 23, knocks on her apartment door and barges in so he... Mother of six, 34, and her boyfriend are arrested for 'using a drone to peep into the bathrooms and bedrooms... New York judge orders drug-addicted mom-of-four who worked as a prostitute not to get pregnant again  She's 58, with four children already - one of whom she's lost custody of - so why WAS Madonna allowed to... 'She got very offended': Regis Philbin reveals Kelly Ripa took his departure personally and explains they do... Hollywood activist Shailene Woodley talks about 'inspiring' meeting with Malia Obama during a Dakota... EXCLUSIVE: Widow of Orlando nightclub shooter arrested for 'aiding and abetting' and 'obstruction' was in... 'This would be great news to the remaining owners!' Porsche employee accused of joking about the crash that... Harrison Ford is spotted for the first time returning to the airport where he nearly flew INTO a Boeing 737... Do YOU take sleeping tablets? You could be at risk of DEATH: Dangerous levels of a naturally-occurring... Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie pictured out in LA for the first time since former NHL star was accused... Former Dairy Queen manager, 21, is charged with manslaughter after teenage worker, 17, who she 'threw... Senate blocks Obama-era regulation that would have prevented mentally-impaired people from buying firearms  Melania goes to Washington: First Lady wears a stunning skirt suit to welcome Israeli Prime Minister... 'It’s time for us to look into all things': Prominent Republicans refusing to rule out a special probe into... Miami Marlins' owner Jeffrey Loria 'is being considered for French ambassador' Trump's chief strategist Steve Bannon strolls by White House reporters, says it's 'the opposition party, all... Giggling Trump and Bibi agree on one thing before they start Middle East peace talks: They both love Jared... US intelligence officials are 'keeping SECRETS from Donald Trump out of fear they could be compromised or... Under Armour's embattled CEO takes out groveling full page ad to 'clarify' his 'Trump is an asset' stance... Sean Spicer has a Super Soaker in his office – just like his Melissa McCarthy parody on SNL (and his friends... STEPHEN GLOVER: Hang on a minute. Isn't Trump right? We SHOULD try to be pals with Putin EXCLUSIVE: President Trump has done more for illegal immigrant children in two weeks than Obama did in two... MORE HEADLINES EXCLUSIVE: Never-before-seen pictures of secretly pregnant Marilyn Monroe, who confided to her close friend that her Let's Make Love co-star Yves Montand was the baby's father - not husband Arthur Miller Melania goes to Washington: First Lady wears a stunning skirt suit to welcome Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to the White House in her first official appearance since Trump was sworn in  A 'criminal' attack on 'a wonderful man': Trump ramps up war on his own spies as he rages against DEMOCRATIC leakers who 'illegally' brought down disgraced Mike Flynn Harrison Ford is spotted for the first time returning to the airport where he nearly flew INTO a Boeing 737 as FAA reveals his investigation will be delayed due to massive backlog Moment two-year-old boy was shot dead on Facebook Live: Horrifying video shows Chicago gangsters murdering toddler as they open fire on his screaming pregnant aunt  Assassin in a mini skirt? How the chillingly audacious murder of North Korean tyrant's brother in a major airport may have involved a poisonous handkerchief and fountain pen  Ex-NHL star Mike Comrie who was married to Hilary Duff is investigated by police for 'raping a woman at his LA home'  'One day, Leny kissed me': Amanda Knox opens up about lesbian relationships in prison and how one inmate tried to seduce her by promising to do things 'no man can' Trump's Labor pick Andrew Puzder officially withdraws his nomination after video of his ex-wife telling Oprah he beat her surfaced Make-up artist, 22, and her boyfriend, 22, agree that SHE can sleep with whoever she likes but he must stay faithful after she told him she would leave him otherwise 'Girl please ...You are paid by the Clintons!' Omarosa's fight with White House reporter caught on tape after journalist accused Trump aide of freezing her out of press briefings Five police officers are caught on camera 'gang-raping their female colleague' in case which has horrified Mexico  Wife who is allergic to everything, including her own HUSBAND, faints upon entering $125,000 'safe' house he spent a year renovating just for her after have a reaction to the paint fumes Model of stupidity! Stunning Russian Instagram queen dangles off a 1,000ft-high Dubai skyscraper without ANY safety equipment as she seeks the perfect shot  'He wanted me to get rid of the blacks': New details emerge in massive 400-page FBI file on the investigation into whether Donald and his father Fred racially discriminated against minorities in the 1970s Mika's moving on: Morning Joe co-host puts her New York mansion on sale for $2million after divorcing her husband after 22 years of marriage Kesha submits damning emails in court case against her 'abuser' Dr. Luke who criticized her for breaking a juice cleanse with a Diet Coke, told her 'I don't give a s**t what you want' and called her a 'fat f**king refrigerator' Two teenage girls found dead hours after they went on country hike were MURDERED say police - and there are NO suspects or strong leads 'She's not credible anymore': Morning Joe's Mika Brzezinski says Kellyanne Conway is BARRED from the show EXCLUSIVE: President Trump has done more for illegal immigrant children in two weeks than Obama did in two years, claims immigration lawyer John McCain gets Punk'd! Ashton Kutcher blows the senator a KISS during Foreign Relations hearing as they give Obama and Biden a run for their bromance money Trump's new national security advisor is vice admiral and former SEAL who grew up in pre-revolutionary Iran where Navy captain dad advised America-friendly military Tara Palmer-Tomkinson died of a perforated ulcer: Devastated sister reveals did NOT have a brain tumour and 'had plans, trips and had written a moving new song'  Pet dog bursts into TEARS as his owner scolds him for destroying her sofa Redback v snake: Extraordinary moment a spider takes on a brown serpent caught in its web - but who wins? REVEALED: Police in Indiana release grainy picture of man walking near to where two 13-year-old girl's were found dead after hiking and ask for help in identifying him Ivanka joins Melania and Sara Netanyahu in the crowd for press conference but leaves the First Ladies to their own devices as they visit new African American history museum 'She’s a remarkable broadcaster and a real force': Matt Lauer heaps praise on NBC hire Megyn Kelly in rare interview but goes quiet when asked to describe his relationship with Ann Curry 400-year-old temple is revealed after decades underwater as drought drains the Mexican lake which flooded it  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
